Cluster 1
2. ' t think you know those programmes that were on a couple of years ago? yeah yeah i don ' t think many of them managed to survive unfortunately no um no but there was a lot of pressure lot of pressure on them oh and there was this huge i think when they came back from the moon the men were all like sort of celebrities and oh the temptation the trouble is when more time goes on
3. you know those programmes that were on a couple of years ago? yeah yeah i don ' t think many of them managed to survive unfortunately no um no but there was a lot of pressure lot of pressure on them oh and there was this huge i think when they came back from the moon the men were all like sort of celebrities and oh the temptation the trouble is when more time goes on like that when
4. for the fish? you want it yeah? or no? on ninety put the fish on the top yeah? yeah students used to turn to drugs drink or copious amounts of coffee in times of pressure but they are now cuddling puppies a trend for puppy rooms is growing in universities do you know about this? no puppies cut stress for exam students fair enough fondle the puppy and feel better
8. think i wouldn ' t but you don ' t know like i would never say oh i definitely wouldn ' t cos you don ' t know do you? like if there ' s that much pressure and stuff like that happens to you and there ' s that much stuff happening like them you don ' t know how you change i ' ve changed since you change in a way but you get more cocky
9. stuff so mm oh right i didn ' t realise the other three were buying as well yes yeah so that means the hour is the standard what you book is it ' s an hour is it? pressure on it is yeah yes mm but to be honest if you find a dress yoyou know as i say the first one i tried is the one i love the dress those sort of three outfits they didn
10. if she ' s gonna book it mum said that erm the vicar ' s going away and what ' s her name? they ' re going away in may and june oh right which was the pressure for to book it in april but i don ' t know if she ' s done that yet okay nan coming? yeah nan wants to go nan told not to book it at easter cos nan '
12. t mind her having the sort of spotlight because i d i don ' t like it like i don ' t think i would work well with that sort of thing cos it is a lot of pressure like mm i mean but you ' re still important you know? you ' re still mm intelligent well you ' re obviously a lot you ' ve still got many qualities just as much as she does you
13. yeah oh okay i was thinking it ' d be here d ' you get nervous about exams? no? i ' m not very good in exams to be honest i ' m not very good under pressure mm stuff like this i like cos it makes your brain work really hard mm but if it ' s like an essay mm i ' m shit cos i just get bored i just don ' t
14. back and you ' re like god i dunno how i did it but i ' m much better i ' ve got a boy ' s brain i ' m much better at on the pr under pressure um and on the spot like i ' m n not yeah boys can ' t do coursework cos they can ' t concentrate so they can ' t apply themselves over a long period of time which
15. back from like just just for likes if you know what i mean mm jjust so he can be more popular and i know that ' s not really mm yeah i know that ' s slight peer pressure yes ' s a nice guy isn ' t he? but yeah i think there is i think some of their so what who are his friends? is is it and that crowd or is it like er
16. now that universities shouldn ' t focus so much on students ' examination results erm as a kind of like which is kind of true they shouldn ' t yeah yeah but also like that ' s more pressure on the students mm yeah so they ' re gonna do more of an american style like grading like having er like termly progress for students like but then well that ' s how they do it in america
17. it yep like that yeah that ' s what i mean tut oh i thought that was him oh no this is nearly as bad as the guy that sang to me tut oh bless buckled under pressure huh oh bless him and you ' ve had to spend all day with him tut oh god what she needs is a get - out clause yes like the penis yes can i marry you please? yeah
22. cos he ' s not driving he ' s getting the tube and i was like if you ' re sure you want to come up for a day and a bit feel free there ' s no pressure from me but you know with an hour it ' s on like it ' s not too far away is it? but it ' s more the fact that but no it ' s then getting out of
23. do in rent provided you can stump up enough of a deposit yeah that ' s the ridiculous part about it and because people can ' t buy houses as easily as they used to be able to extra pressure on the rental market so the landlords hike the rents yep it ' s not fair it isn ' t fair but hey but unfortunately it ' s the law of supply and demand isn ' t it no
25. realise that that he didn ' t wanna be in front of the camera mm mm and he wanted that to it wasn ' t wasn ' t for him mm mm it ' s quite a lot of pressure as a kid as well mm yeah so you ' ve already got a job you ' re like pretty much started your career mm as in yeah you ' re expected to perform yeah and be professional i think
28. her own yes yeah she said because otherwise you ' re well i and i know again what she means mm because you ' re you can do your own pace then and you ' re not feeling under pressure to go a bit faster than you want or a bit slower than you want no no so i do understand what what she means she does something every day does she? if she ' s not at the
29. go she very definitely doesn ' t go at the same time every day because she doesn ' t want him sitting there clock watching waiting and waiting for her yes to turn up yeah and her feeling the pressure of i ' ve got to be there and he ' s in there that ' s it now for good? that ' s it he ' ll never come back home yeah he ' s you know he
30. it ' s funny what you ' ll do in the cause of em sociability i suppose did you have many friends that smoked? eh yes yes a few oh there was a bit of peer pressure involved mm so i took up cigarettes after a year or two of pipe smoking okay you ' ve never smoked though have you? well em not ah i ' m gonna get a confession now well no you
31. ##cable why not? well can ' t do anything amicably no he ' s an objectionable individual he ' s when things don ' t g go his way or he feels threatened or under pressure he loses his temper and the solicitor from eversheds that your father had she wanted to report him to the law society for unprofessional conduct cos they were in a meeting and he
32. way these come off surely you could just they come off as rectangles could you not just sew them together? no they they wouldn ' t hold together as soon as you put any real pressure on it they would just disintegrate you need to spin them pull them out and spin oh well i guess these bits of fur are reserved for the birds in the garden anyway yes to make their
34. ' s a er no because the i mean who ' s gonna want to take over now? exactly that ' s what somebody said he er he won ' t leave yet be under a lot of pressure won ' t he? he must er cos er abramovich is the one he he just decides doesn ' t he i mean that ' s it yeah oh my god brendan rodgers yeah he '
36. t it? i jump on that road yeah it ' s a real shame i don ' t mind the drinking but it ' s the huh it ' s the excess and it ' s the the pressure i don ' t it ' s it ' s riduculous yeah it is you can ' t go out for like a nice no but it ' s it ' s well you can though with some
37. compete for the big for the main one yeah no very exciting mm be a lark well you have to sing and you have to be graded don ' t you? yeah so it ' s not without pressure no and that ' s at like nine o ' clock in the morning so that ' s not jolly either done and dusted oh but yeah erm and then the next morning we it ' s called
38. is really they do a tuning up and stuff like that well the thing is they can easily wait it ' s not like you ' ve got a registry office spot is it? it ' s less pressure yeah cos they are already married there ' s no registrar there there ' s no si ah there ' s no signing in of the register oh i see right they just went and did that on their
41. ' s parents now are too old to be doing this they ' ve got the house yeah so it ' s not a problem but it ' s too much work for them it ' s a lot pressure for them they ' ve earned their spurs they ' now have earnt the place to do you know to go somewhere else not have it themselves but the brother ' s house is next door er which is
42. a different outlook haven ' t they? yeah if you think how many pplaces that people just trash absolutely trash them i mean effectively it would be yours in this scenario you would be under no pressure to move nobody can force you out it ' s your house but if you want to move you just er you just look at all the available houses kind of like a house swap do you know what i
43. the future is going to be like erm i think there ' s an element of change from er aircraft use to more high - speed rail i think er cos eurostar is putting er more pressure on routes such as paris and brussels and viale and obviously you can connect there to as far as spain and italy and germany and erm northern europe so that is a new source of competition that has
44. getting in to their late twenties and if you ' re not married with children by the time you ' re thirty you ' re weird in you ' re really strange so there ' s a lot of pressure for them they have no life they go through the whole of schooling then they do uni army then they get married they have children so they can ' t date get into trouble get drunk? no and
45. to be mr lister? if you like doing no i ' d like to be mr lister i thought you liked joining in though? yeah but i like being mr lister it takes a lot of the pressure away we don ' t mind pressure do we? what pressure? no no i do like i have no television i was born for it six letters i was born avocet for it especially when it
46. like doing no i ' d like to be mr lister i thought you liked joining in though? yeah but i like being mr lister it takes a lot of the pressure away we don ' t mind pressure do we? what pressure? no no i do like i have no television i was born for it six letters i was born avocet for it especially when it ' s mr lister ' s quiz
47. d like to be mr lister i thought you liked joining in though? yeah but i like being mr lister it takes a lot of the pressure away we don ' t mind pressure do we? what pressure? no no i do like i have no television i was born for it six letters i was born avocet for it especially when it ' s mr lister ' s quiz shshoot aavo
48. easy one now for goodness ' sake remember it ' ll all go back in the box this is a this is a really easy one so we should everyone should get through for this one er pre no pressure then no this is to win crazy dad ' s snake oil you ' d be better off bit by a snake the uk ' s eight largest supermarket chains list them oh so there ' s the big four
50. t mind oh you will driving up to forty when it ' s when you can but whe as you say like you never know when someone ' s gonna jump out but then again i feel the pressure to drive more quickly because of the cars behind yeah you ' ve gotta have a ha happy medium you can ' t i mean on your test you can fail sort of thing or get points against you for
51. you hm that ' s the that ' s when you know you ' re getting somewhere but to then to think in spanish and french so and then which i can do fine when it ' s no pressure er so well you cos you see you probably have to go through in your head to spanish to english then to french yeah yeah no i can do straight from spanish to french can you go across?
52. ' t i need calculator how many are you? ninety ninety? yes just the ninety well do you want me to do the scores? ah how much are you? it ' s less pressure i ' ll just do them i don ' t know yet mum i ' m still counting sorry right who ' s dealing? hurry up yeah okay who ' s dealing? ' s dealing twenty - nine
53. er think it ' s like the next evening and the next morning and and you ' ll get but your birthday ' s but if i do it wanna do it overnight so there ' s no like pressure your birthday ' s on the second of december though before our mocks we have christmas holidays yeah we have a whole set of christmas holidays so no one so no one can complain do you think you guys
54. parents because their parents have always been in possession of them and they ' ve always told them what to do and all that kind of thing mm whereas like i dunno and i have never felt any pressure so whatever we do they ' re proud of us whatever we achieve we ' ve done well mm so it can go both ways i don ' t know just obviously obviously you can tell your mum how you
55. do that yeah then it ' s not like you ' re taking it off the cards mm it ' s just you ' re not making it an au an automatic exactly it ' s just not that pressure yeah taking that pressure off you what happens if you don ' t like them? yeah he said can ' t i just sleep on the sofa and then i ' ll go in the morning? and i
56. it ' s not like you ' re taking it off the cards mm it ' s just you ' re not making it an au an automatic exactly it ' s just not that pressure yeah taking that pressure off you what happens if you don ' t like them? yeah he said can ' t i just sleep on the sofa and then i ' ll go in the morning? and i was just like well
60. so you have to get all those things in place upfront and then you want erm a a a series of videos that you ' ve got pre - prepared that you can launch to take the pressure off having to create those at those times mm so you launch one you ' re going to be dealing with trying to capture that market and capture the people mm and that ' s where your time ' s
63. for a while sort of composing yourself? yeah i was just like just calm down it ' s fine um stop being an idiot and er but that makes it worse cos then you sort of put pressure on yourself yeah um but it was fine i dunno i mean i ' m just hoping that the more i sort of put myself out of my comfort zone i think i i think that ' s what
64. get er some sperm but i need to be financially stable in order to do that and i wanna do all the things that i wanna do before i entertain that idea so that ' s just like putting pressure on yourself i think because there ' s no it ' s almost like because there ' s no limit to the possibilities mm it ' s really difficult to then think okay then what do i want to do
65. it ' s all of a piece so and that actually sex the whole sex education thing has just gone to pot i don ' t know but i mean i suppose aligned with that is all the other pressure on women to look perfect and mm looking up the sort of airbrushed models of perfection all the time and maybe there ' s something about body image in that erm that perhaps we didn ' t
70. yeah i think i think a lot of people are put off yeah going to their gp for that especially as we know how busy gps are and yes you know you can see they ' re under great pressure and yeah and erm you know er and we ' re all er unsure and so on i mean i suppose i all i can say is i think that educating people about symptoms yeah and just being aware
74. that you had as well yeah and now that he ' s now on his birthday his third birthday yeah is this schooling bit that ' s sort of cropped up mm which is going to add another pressure to your life yeah erm and makes it actually much more difficult to say right i ' ll go out to work when he ' s at school because yeah you can ' t do you know you i
76. have the expertise or the knowledge yeah er so it ' s just sort of get on and do it which in some ways is probably better because you haven ' t you didn ' t then have parental pressure no encouraging you trying to we see it as encouragement they no because my parents didn ' t know yeah absolutely they didn ' t know you know i remember them i remember my mother saying is something about parents
77. s next september or the year after he he were going to senior school i think it ' s the year after isn ' t it? and that ' s and that ' s the kind of the pressure point on mm and do they stay down there or does do they look at having? because by then if you like ' s at uni in sixth form college should he be coming? mm cos
83. ' re working tomorrow aren ' t you? yes erm yes yes yeah yes so well ' s off tomorrow obviously it ' s the judo oh yes coming over at the weekend i was like no pressure god no pressure to produce this baby this week oh it ' ll happen on sunday night no? is that is that? so ' s when hhow old is he on? it ' s it '
84. tomorrow aren ' t you? yes erm yes yes yeah yes so well ' s off tomorrow obviously it ' s the judo oh yes coming over at the weekend i was like no pressure god no pressure to produce this baby this week oh it ' ll happen on sunday night no? is that is that? so ' s when hhow old is he on? it ' s it ' s on sunday
89. peeling mm yeah i ' ve heard that mm very appealing very appealing so what made you ju decide not to make the yorkshires in the end? cos we knew you were there we was under pressure of you you were there said i don ' t think i can do this and homemade yorkshire puddings no cos it ' s hard you probably could have ' s gonna be on our back probably dare
90. children oh really? except for they ' re all the the the the few who have got twins er oh and in term time it ' s oh right it ' s it ' s a terrible god pressure on primary school places in oh yes they ha they ' ve got they ' ve actually oh had to build a whole really? new bit in the playground yes really? wow mm it ' s almost double
91. and i like to think oh my goodness that my yeah my children are incomers here of course erm but i think he m i think it was more foreign incomers i think there ' s pressure but the been everywhere hasn ' t there? i said i as i explained to him and they ' ll have to build a new school erm build a new school in well cos of the pressure
93. go back to lloyds ever again he really didn ' t wanna do that he i think he ' d be happy to do something and use his skills but not doing what he was doing under the pressure he was under and the politics what he really likes doing is right he he used to be the way that that the bank worked was that you ' d be a project manager and you ' d be responsible
94. very much i mean i ' ve always wanted to get into and i think it ' s broadly similar oh yeah but if i do that i ' m putting myself under a heck of a lot of pressure and you might be able to do it but i ' m not sure how much turn of speed i know i ' ve got more energy than i ' ve had but i just don ' t know if
95. try for one of those but as a fall back option possibly do that oh you know we were talking about libraries? yeah yeah i know where they are yeah yeah i ' m not under so much pressure from that don ' t forget because the venue has been of the exam has been moved to rather than being in oh right oh well you could drop me off at twenty past one then couldn ' t you
105. ? mm and she ' s like well we do make a point not to make a big deal out of it because some parents will go and do stupid things like getting tutors and putting lots of pressure on them and at seven six and seven they don ' t need that and i ' m like no that ' s fine but as a parent would it hurt for you to stick on the bottom of a
106. don ' t know if it ' s been i would imagine if anything it ' s been relatively stable mm really? because they ' ve sort of agreed that support for greece mhm so the the pressure on yep the euro has lessened a bit for the time so it ' s probably not being quite as volatile good and depressed as it was mm but if you want well maybe i should just leave it
108. what do you mean? because people complain that sex doesn ' t feel as good with a condom so like guys are now like oh it ' s not as good with a condom so girls feel under pressure so they go on the pill yeah and the pill s stops your period as well girls like that boom also sometimes people take it for hormonal reasons like other reasons like sometimes they periods and moods yeah
109. you get that opportunity to make links with people that are abroad you definitely should do it yeah yeah cos it gives you so much opportunity to out and enjoy different places yeah yeah are you feeling under pressure? you ' re feeling under pressure to answer that were you? no oh well i i i hope i hope in your erm er work experience i know you ' re gonna spend a bit of time
110. with people that are abroad you definitely should do it yeah yeah cos it gives you so much opportunity to out and enjoy different places yeah yeah are you feeling under pressure? you ' re feeling under pressure to answer that were you? no oh well i i i hope i hope in your erm er work experience i know you ' re gonna spend a bit of time with and i think that ' ll
111. like me as a person that ' s interested in them yeah that ' s it and their child or their dog yeah and then you ' re open and receptive and therefore they will l then the pressure ' s off isn ' t it? yeah yeah exactly it ' s like when you go into a shop and as soon as you walk in hello you alright can i help you? yes yes is there
114. otherwise otherwise why would i have had the vaccine? i ' m just thinking we ' ll halve the panna cotta would he could he not have just done that just to put you under pressure? cos that ' s what they ' re trained to do like is put you under press no he was just i think he was just being difficult he oh right was just being awk cos
115. transcript with your breakdown of grades? oh i ' ve got my grades but i mean if i read the essays are they better than what i write mm outside of the exam? because i think that pressure that pressure feels like it ' s really good yeah but it it might be rubbish but you might still write some nonsense and they might have adjusted the marking for that anyway like they yeah they definitely do like
116. your breakdown of grades? oh i ' ve got my grades but i mean if i read the essays are they better than what i write mm outside of the exam? because i think that pressure that pressure feels like it ' s really good yeah but it it might be rubbish but you might still write some nonsense and they might have adjusted the marking for that anyway like they yeah they definitely do like they '
117. the potential to do something rather than having already done something ie read a bunch of books and learned another yeah so i think and that ' s what shines through when you ' re under like intense pressure in exam conditions mm because you can ' t just you you you do need the knowledge but you also need to be able to apply it in a way that ' s appropriate for that context mm and that
119. pain relief i ' m not having anything i ' m doing it au naturel and then you start going through it and the doctor looked at me and he was like okay but don ' t put pressure on yourself we ' ll see like you know you you know there ' s you know there we are in sort of modern day life now we have these things here to help i was like no no no
120. gonna be you know yeah there ' s only so much that you can do you can do specially with all this advertising everywhere it ' s ridiculous and i think that ' s where a lot of the pressure ' s come from oh definitely i read a few articles about people that said erm my i don ' t have a tv when i go to the supermarket my children don ' t ask me for anything
121. s two hundred and fifty thousand quid that you can ' t spend building a turbine or running a football club mm mm and there ' s the other thing was to duck and dive and put the pressure on the local planning authority because they came at it right from the start they were determined to get planning permission for wind turbines in in district mm that was where they started from mm erm so the other
122. salt er would not have five hundred acres worth of solar panels er in the mm because of the views from the that the planning inspectors have er said are outstanding and of national importance why can ' t pressure be put on them to have a landscape consultant? well that ' s what i hope is doing because so many of these things can be just stopped that ' s right in their tracks that ' s right
125. mm mm he took gave her all the money mm mm yeah erm and no no wonder he le er that makes me think he was right to leave yes oh definitely it that ' s what the pressure was like he was absolutely right to leave yes definitely yeah yeah that erm and now he can i mean he ' s he ' s earning well blah blah blahs he ' s still renting yeah
128. he said to me yesterday you ' re quite good at buying erm apt cards oh i hate it when people say it bring attention to things like that yeah and then i now then i feel under pressure and then you can ' t do it anymore to carry on yeah there ' s a plastic cover there for you well for you or me for me? ch oh but my hair isn ' t reareal
130. pulled into it drawn in because i was pulling him in yeah because you can ' t help it because i couldn ' t help it no yeah and also you don ' t wanna have the added emotional pressure of feeling responsible for and feeling responsible for ' s wellbeing well and feeling you ' ve got to protect him and reassure him that ' s right and comfort him exactly it was having an effect on
131. i know i don ' t mean it ' s not coming from you yeah you have to but it is it ' s it it ' s really weird it ' s what i ' m and the pressure what about i ' m under i think what about you know what about those emails what was it now? i can ' t remember there was something where i got some of the emailing thing oh no
132. the weather? no but i wouldn ' t i wouldn ' t feel any need to yeah like to exert some sort of oh ye i wouldn ' t feel that that somehow was some kind of pressure or assault on my yeah identity or yeah mm it doesn ' t really matter does it? and actually the thing that happened on that day i wouldn ' t be surprised if somehow they ' ve really pissed
133. else and just well the thing is you know it ' s like just what i ' ve always done you know you could do anything at any time yeah yeah but you shouldn ' t be put under pressure yeah yeah in a i mean yeah so we ' re gonna get something to eat then? yes yes yes yes yes yeah lovely let ' s
137. ? no i ' m cutting the hedge she say yeah well i want my television is being affected i says yeah well so what i ' m cutting the hedge said well can ' t you put some pressure on it or something? i said no oh dear then she muttered something else and went off did she? but the joke of it is is that two years ago cos that bit of hedge that had
138. the vast majority benefits men but part of that system that we ' ve now realised is because men are in these positions of power they feel an inclination to not fail as much and therefore because of that pressure more men commit suicide than women yes so okay erm i ' m trying to relate that to sexism but erm okay so let ' s let ' s say if that was sexism because they
139. that part of me wants to be able to say look he will cry whatever doesn ' t matter but then because you ' re in an enclosed space with other people oh yeah yeah you you feel the pressure of and that yeah yeah exactly we travelled on a bus for thirteen hours once and the baby will have cried for eleven of those yeah like another woman had to go up to her it was a young really
142. i suppose it was butchering someone is l yeah i mean i suppose people weren ' t really aware of it for a long time exactly yeah yeah anyway yeah erm but there ' s been more pressure lately to actually start taking the law seriously and actually start bringing people to court and erm charging people oh why has nobody ever been prosecuted over here? no one ' s ever been prosecuted yeah or investigated
144. ? i don ' t think you get as much free time i mean i get a little bit of free time and you have to teach everything as well every subject so it ' s a lot more pressure really on you now and also the expectation expectations i think are quite high because obviously you know the secondary school are like you know small fish big pond whereas there it ' s like the other way round yeah
146. ? i can ' t see i can ' t see them moving no no i don ' t think they could move could they? yeah they could i suppose but could do they might if they get pressure from the farmers honestly we go we they ' re they ' re really into it now i are they? oh good cos yeah i mean i i yeah we had them come round well i told you
147. live in we don ' t live there so again and a lit a little bit of travelling and then you know you you know and i see my relatives there as well mm so that ' s another pressure to tell what i have been doing all all over the last five six years mm you know that ' ll be nice though it ' ll be beautiful it will be beautiful you ' ll have a good time
148. ' s two thirty it starts and if you ' re not out by two two two twenty - two they ' re gonna hurry you along right so it was like oh great this is now feeling like pressure you know to even finish on time mm so it ' s a lot of pressure for da erm da a lot of pressure for my brother and myself cos we both spoke to make sure that we
149. two twenty - two they ' re gonna hurry you along right so it was like oh great this is now feeling like pressure you know to even finish on time mm so it ' s a lot of pressure for da erm da a lot of pressure for my brother and myself cos we both spoke to make sure that we actually kept the timing that we were given or that we had kind of given ourselves
150. you along right so it was like oh great this is now feeling like pressure you know to even finish on time mm so it ' s a lot of pressure for da erm da a lot of pressure for my brother and myself cos we both spoke to make sure that we actually kept the timing that we were given or that we had kind of given ourselves erm mine was alright cos i read
151. what the time ' s like cos he does lots of presentations yeah yeah yeah right right so it was actually alright yeah we all finished on time you know and it was good but it was a pressure but yeah when we came out there were already like a whole forty or fifty people lining up lining up outside ready to go in for the for their for theirs oh my god service and it was weird because
153. up and see their point but erm and it is there ' s this big blank when you ' re sixteen there was a lot of er trying to convince their children to actually exertion of pressure on and he was handling it very well the can you but you don ' t actually really appreciate no but on the other that it doesn ' t thank you matter rung a few bells with me because
154. so mm it ' s a lot of i ' m not going to admit that anything is i ' m fragile or anything right if my friend ' s there yeah oh yeah so that ' s another pressure that they ' re they ' re they ' re they ' ve got because they can ' t appear to be weak in front of their contemporaries mm oh there ' s well i don ' t know what
158. it why can ' t you? and it was just oh god i think this is the wrong road erm yeah i think would get erm sharp with me in the kitchen if he was under pressure doing what he ' s doing yeah i think that i ' ve gone wrong and if you ' re not helping you ' re actually making things harder mm it ' s just kind of like ah but i
159. this sunday what it what perhaps you might have to do is maybe once every six weeks or something just cross the calendar through yeah and not yeah so at least you get a family day yeah yeah the pressure ' s off of him well we never get a family day because he plays football mm but at least it ' s not all day i mean i said i ' d go and stand there mm he said
160. erm and you probably aren ' t right for the you know until really a year for the bigger journey yeah but that ' s why you need somebody you can rely on to take some of the pressure off the two of t the couple exactly and when that ' s somebody that and dad ' s perfect for that yes exactly and er and whether it ' s somebody that ' s as close as family or
161. have an interest shared common interest with this person and explain to me how this supervisor erm thing goes terribly wrong is that it lands on their desk they feel obligated because they ' re under pressure as an academic to get the money coming in as in supervising a phd candidate yeah yeah they say no too many times big black mark mm you you don ' t get promotions based on that so you have
162. on it as i got up with it mm like leant on it mm kind of shaken it they are quite flimsy on the screen aren ' t they? you can ' t apply much pressure i wasn ' t really thinking about what i was doing i was distracted was stressed out or something the plot thickens i can ' t remember what now we was arguing about something and i wasn ' t
163. re like really good like top of the you know near top of the class and then other times you really struggle yeah is that because it ' s ti you ' re tired sometimes? or yeah and pressure oh the pressure cos sometimes erm we do big maths first and other times we do forty - four club and a hundred forty - four club mm hm and i ' m quite shaken up after
164. good like top of the you know near top of the class and then other times you really struggle yeah is that because it ' s ti you ' re tired sometimes? or yeah and pressure oh the pressure cos sometimes erm we do big maths first and other times we do forty - four club and a hundred forty - four club mm hm and i ' m quite shaken up after the stress of
165. is people coming here can ' t claim benefits for four years till they ' ve worked here for four years which is fair enough to be fair all i heard that was that that there would be no pressure for us to join the euro or anything like that but what did you mean dad? i can ' t remember it wasn ' t too much to be honest with you nothing interesting no i watched a really
166. depending on their population and then germany wouldn ' t have so many you know countries like croatia and england who ' ve totally ignored it would have their fair share and it wouldn ' t be such a pressure on certain countries who are taking more in because that ' s been their decision that ' s true yeah and if you reattributed some of the money that ' s being wasted in europe you
167. it needs to be february it ' ll be february mm you know if and er whenever you if you need to come back very very slowly if you need to come back doing different stuff so the whole pressure of that has just gone off mm mm but i found the last few weeks i ' ve actually started being quite bored which i mean er for me i mean qui getting in in a better place yeah because
171. up yes and two doors down i met him recently at a funeral actually his name was and he got to and he had the most awful time because now what was it i think it was just the pressure and he he was a bright lad but not not he probably should have gone to where i was or something mm like that but at he just he just couldn ' t believe the mm the the academic prowess
172. malice it was because i didn ' t ge i genuinely i told you my cl judgement was clouded i didn ' t i wasn ' t in touch with how i felt and then you blamed me i pressure you into it i force you that wasn ' t even true that was just an outright lie yeah i felt i felt pressured it wasn ' t it wasn ' t fair to say that you pressured me and
173. ' s thirty - one there isn ' t a whole lot of hope for her i wouldn ' t say it ' s impossible no you ' re right but while she ' s under the really the pressure yeah oh while she ' s under this environment of you know this unhealthy environment she ' s living in with your parents there ' s not much chance of her breaking free and she ' d
174. ##s if my friends were there then they would make fun of me i ' d feel quite sad that would make me sad so you ' d cu succumb to the rule of the mob peer pressure you ' re thinking from like a media or tv show erm level cos like as always and they always embarrass the teenager or boy and they go oh and all their friends make fun
175. the the the the erm not that creme de la creme one but the other one mm ordinary they can all make cakes well yes it ' s just if they can make cakes under time pressure yes when somebody is st when there ' s those erm presenters are s er poking the ingredients yes and making and breaking erm breaking them yes nadia ' s that cake lid or whatever it is yes
177. ##d ah i said you ' re not gonna fail i said don ' t you fail and of course my mother - in - law ' s going oh oh you mustn ' t put so much pressure on him he can resit it i said not at three hundred quid he can ' t i said you better pass that anyway we haven ' t heard cos there was a written exam right so
178. i ' m getting so much shit from my parents for this like you need to make this like the best party ever like and that kinda shit really? no he he was joking about like oh no pressure oh oh but it was like i don ' t know i think i think yeah i think there is some problem he ' s not allowed to stay over at friends or something i dunno but is he
179. the regulators are watching what the banks are up to the banks aren ' t actually that bothered about where the money ' s coming from as long as they ' re making profits so more and more the pressure ' s being put on them to question where the money ' s coming from yeah and there ' s huge careers in that whole area of compliance and yeah regulatory are you still eating prawns cat?
180. up no to very much just only ten minutes and because it ' s winter i can probably walk home every day might not want to in the morning but well if you can come christmas yes but no pressure cos that ' ll be a nice family christmas wouldn ' t it? yes it would be nice mm quite squashed after this just this big bend here a train is coming on time yeah think so
181. things and everyone disowned him and it was all sort of verging to that because you couldn ' t handle or you know they all couldn ' t handle it and those sort of pressure times just bring out the the monster in people don ' t they? yeah yeah yeah yeah and then em that ' s the thing people either support each other and come closer together or yeah cope in different
182. were you not there when they ordered it? shshe was supposed to be ordering oh she was like oh i ' ll ring them and then gave me the phone i was it was too much pressure well this is exciting we have more onion rings than i think we ' re supposed to it ' s to make up for the right for the fanta not being fanta yeah the fanta mysteriously turning
183. like why do you smell like? well he steals my bath stuff all the time tell him to stop stop oh i might ask him and see if he confesses well he will if you put him under pressure he ' ll be like just go up tomorrow i know what happened just go up to him tomorrow and be like why do you smell of? that would be so funny why do you smell like does?
185. said that i never did that so i dropped it cos cos i was like okay mum you alright? yeah but i really i really don ' t like when people do that like they put pressure on you or turn it into a competition? yeah and then make you feel shit i fucking hate that too that like me and had it out once and she was just like this is who i am like
189. or not yeah set up set up systems do the do the stuff do the psych do the psychometric testing mm do this testing see how people cope under a bit of stress and a bit of pressure but you know lots of kids how to write their cv taltalk to i know you all think you know social media because you all use facebook and twitter that that that would surprise me but you you you
191. terribly pompous? erm no it has a specific meaning yes you acquyou acquiesce under a bitter duress don ' t you? yes you sort of give in to pressure yeah if you agree er we er we agree to go on holiday together to ibiza but erm if you acquiesce to go to ibiza it suggests that actually you would ' ve wanted
192. business suit high powered nonsense i ' ve been through mm mm i think fuck it actually i really enjoy retail work in a small community environment mm mm where there ' s no stress and very little sales pressure or sales pressure you can ignore quite successfully erm and i really enjoy physical work i love being on my feet all day i love moving my body i love the manual aspect of that job mm mm and
193. powered nonsense i ' ve been through mm mm i think fuck it actually i really enjoy retail work in a small community environment mm mm where there ' s no stress and very little sales pressure or sales pressure you can ignore quite successfully erm and i really enjoy physical work i love being on my feet all day i love moving my body i love the manual aspect of that job mm mm and i love bringing
194. told me okay we ' re gonna stop the car please relax i was like this my leg because i failed the first one mm the next one is m you know you get more nervous you feel the pressure ' s on and yeah and then each one then became okay i ' ve got to pass this time i ' ve got to pass this and my driving instructor said after the you know first one what happened
195. was lying there going like that ah and he said i ' ve never been more scared and he knew it was all a game but it was just the i said did you move? he went no pressure imagine being shot in from that close though oh he ' d know about it that ' d be a bad bruise what? laser quest? not laser quest er paint paintballing yeah he just said he
199. ve eaten too much food but i ' ve still having a mr kipling ouchy i don ' t know i can only eat two oh it ' s cos i ' ve had too much pressure on my belt oh no it ' s still there oh yes baby that is a good mr kipling i don ' t like mr kipling they ' re lovely yeah but you ' re gonna try one
200. i don ' t like new year they don ' t really want to celebrate it i don ' t she doesn ' t though there ' s just such a big build up to it and so much pressure on s one night there is bit like christmas it is really said that to me said she said she said oh what have i been doing? and she said well she ' d been round getting this getting
206. like t a thousand pounds to share oh yeah yeah yeah mm but i would never get through the erm the first round because i ' d no that would panic me absolute panic i cannot think under pressure they could say to me how old are you? if i had to answer it i ' d be going oh erm i ' m not really sure yeah er pass when i was at work the other
207. doing activities like yeah it ' s amazing if you can blend all those three things together but like sometimes need it for yourself no not for yourself like like i think sometimes people put themselves under too much pressure to try and get them all together rarather than kind of go allocating different times to those different kind of activities it ' s like oh my god mm it ' s like now when people get
208. ##uraging what the hell? cheating cheat cheat face the wall sorry wait now you ' re doing left? yeah so ' s left - handed yeah yeah this okay erm this is the one the pressure ' s on oh look at those hands er babes weird it ' s like oh dude that ' s really weird ' s got the edge now yeah yeah he ' s got it he ' s got
211. responsible dedicated and trustworthy and will be totally committed to any task or project i undertake either working on my own initiative or as part of a team i have an outgoing friendly personality i work well under pressure and consider myself to be patient kind and understanding great that sound alright? yeah great let me read it again i am responsible dedicated trustworthy and will be totally committed to any task of project i undertake working
212. again i am responsible dedicated trustworthy and will be totally committed to any task of project i undertake working on my own initiative and as part of a team an outgoing friendly person and i work well under pressure i am quite outgoing would you say? i invite you to consider cation yeah not a little shy retiring violet no this is brilliant that ' s brilliant okay that ' s alright then that ' s brilliant
213. you know what i mean? it is i i ' m an artist yeah i ' m an artist comfortable working in erm most media erm and i am highly creative so i work well under pressure and consider myself intelligent kind and understanding i ' d just put it as the final sentence i ' d just make it as the last sentence erm erm erm i ' m a part - time
215. ##s my dad ' s my dad ' s drunk beer before he doesn ' t really like well he didn ' t like it now he does like it because cos that ' s just like peer pressure it ' s just like i ' ll have a beer and you ' re like oh right i don ' t really like it but i ' ll have it just cos it ' s the thing to
216. afraid i know no i wouldn ' t and and she this is the trouble ' s beginning to realise she ' s sat down under things like that for too long mm oh she she has succumbed to pressure from but that doesn ' t really care that much one way or the other no it ' s cos mum says yes but i wouldn ' t have thought that erm he would stop actually doing stuff
217. gonna have seven military bases that makes you oh that gives you the power to quarantine yeah a lot more things doesn ' t it? yeah yeah yeah i ' d go with that so local pressure who are we gonna give it to? erm your guy the colonel or jean - claude van damme? i don ' t think colonel jackie chan? yeah yeah i ' d say as as you
219. suddenly realised i ' ve and yeah no and and no one ' s got any f sympathy that that ' s not on you know that ' s not on er and then if you are around the pressure is on well i know it of you did june but would you i know come in and do it? you know can you possibly er but i think i ' ll be in zimbabwe anyway so i '
220. t need mock exams now what we need is kids in the room with us going through the stuff yeah yeah not taking a s a two - hour mock exam and and er cos that puts more pressure on cos you ' ve then gotta mark it all of course you have yeah yeah mm you know we had to do we had to do last week there was a deadline to put some grades in put
222. you do but unfortunately youngsters at the moment don ' t learn from that experience no b because they dare each other to do some more you know that ' s the trouble w where you got peer pressure yeah oh i can have i can drink this and i can drink that yeah but it al but it also but it ' s also when you get older i i lose what what looked at somebody else '
223. ll have teachers that can ' t teach oh well er w what will will happen is they ' ll have teachers in there for two years three years then they ' ll be burnt out because of the pressure they ' ve been put under or the way they ' ve been treated yeah mm and some will end up with nervous breakdowns some will end up not carrying um on in teaching where that ' s where
224. the country it ' s crazy they ' ve got a crazy system i wonder how like fucked up they are though it ' s shit basically and but like mentally yeah but there ' s a lot of pressure on people in this country but then if you think about other countries in korea it ' s it ' s horrible japan and korea and i think china the highest pretty suicide rates in the world wow i think
225. i ' m sure quite quite a demanding lady very nicely mm very much in the highland way where you mm you know we don ' t ask very much you know but you put that kind of moral pressure yeah on your kids and erm yeah but that ' s erm yeah pressure could be put on in all sorts of ways that ' s right you don ' t have to explicitly say that ' s
226. highland way where you mm you know we don ' t ask very much you know but you put that kind of moral pressure yeah on your kids and erm yeah but that ' s erm yeah pressure could be put on in all sorts of ways that ' s right you don ' t have to explicitly say that ' s right and the he so erm and i get a feeling with erm '
227. be selling about twelve or so yeah yes it ' s coming darling i had to make you wait it occurred to me why don ' t you feed in the morning since you ' re not under any pressure to get up? yeah that would be fair i suppose but it ' s often the time when i ' ve just managed to get to sleep you know i mean that that would be end of any possibility
230. him yeah he seemed quite erm but he must ' ve thought yeah i ' ve seen what they ' ve done to ed miliband do i want my family to be under that kind of pressure? yeah cos hadn ' t he been under a lot of pressure with his wife and died and everything hadn ' t she or something and he was? yeah yeah yeah yeah i mean if you look
231. i ' ve seen what they ' ve done to ed miliband do i want my family to be under that kind of pressure? yeah cos hadn ' t he been under a lot of pressure with his wife and died and everything hadn ' t she or something and he was? yeah yeah yeah yeah i mean if you look at the kind of job it is and you think like he ' s
232. re i was tempted but i thought no that ' s erm yeah but i cos realistically they are intrinsically flawed as a thing mm because whatever you do mm you ' re gonna put pressure on it and yeah but i i alwa it will just tear and it will just leak and before i missed that i hoovered doing that yeah well you know mm hoovering and cleaning up and everything
233. ' s all influenced a little bit i can really woo yeah all power to your elbow woman go for it so yeah uhu i ' m quite grateful actually that you know there wasn ' t that pressure on me i did get a bit of that from grandparents and have you got a boyfriend? when are you getting a husband? mm when are you getting married? mm when are you settling down? blah
234. are research teams who do erm but surveys as kids of how happy we are i think we had a better time than things now cos of people parents allowed to there was no there was less pressure in everyday life afraid to let them out less worry you used to went out on your bikes and just disappeared for the day well as said low technology yeah yeah it was a low tech yeah but then you
235. hung over on the sunday morning so oh crikey yeah it ' ll be nice i ' m not that bothered about drinking though but cos all the lads are there but is everybody going peer pressure other than? mm everyone everyone there ' s me ah that ' ll be really good won ' t it? yeah and you ' re not going to anyone ' s house are you? erm i
236. they ' re drinking loads that ' s not who you are that ' s why it ' s just weird like y i don ' t know intimidated is the wrong word then it ' s just peer pressure i guess it ' s it ' s yeah just being with the lads it ' s like a big occasion yeah but i guess again it ' s like if imagine it was one of your friend ' s
237. a bit fiery like that ' s just maybe i ' d be bored if it wasn ' t like that mm horrendous n it does n easy put the phone down on him and putting pressure on him and horrendous but after two weeks and she ' s they didn ' t see each because she been moody cos he had to go to work it ' s obscene isn ' t
238. he go out with? that old chick demi moore demi moore i was telling my friend today you know how you have a weird synergy with certain things but i haven ' t really physically you got pressure? no i have one with buffaloes for some reason it ' s like got the same food as sheryl crow i thought that was fun but that ' s a weird thing to have a synergy
239. placement i ' ve only actual teaching jobs no i ' ve always been cos i when i came back from abroad well i worked at and that there there was there was nothing like the sort of pressure in terms of behavioural needs but we had a head who was a nightmare so he was the one that was putting the pressure on we had lots of pushy parents so yeah i mean i would say
240. worked at and that there there was there was nothing like the sort of pressure in terms of behavioural needs but we had a head who was a nightmare so he was the one that was putting the pressure on we had lots of pushy parents so yeah i mean i would say that was pretty they was an okay i worked hard there was a lot of preparation i had thirty - three in the class so
241. voted for voted a glass of wine well that didn ' t last long then did it? i wouldn ' t wouldn ' t exactly say that you ' re i stood i withstood all the pressure oh yes a glass of wine i ' m not very good at the austerity biff with the wine austerity it ' s been a stressful day with the er choir administration stressful
242. ' t anything to do with law it was just like palm reading but it was really hard like a massive paragraph and the amount i know it ' s all meant to be how you deal with time pressure and stuff yeah but it was about fifty questions in twelve minutes like massive paragraphs and then like and then the actual question itself was like four lines long mm it was just ridiculous well uni when i
243. although what is it? and rice wine rice whiskey mm the rice wine oh it ' s one of a very strong yeah people invite you into their house and there ' s quite a lot of peer pressure on you like quite a lot of pressure well you have to drink it otherwise it ' s an insult mm yeah yeah there ' s give you this big shot thing it ' s just like drinking i don
244. rice whiskey mm the rice wine oh it ' s one of a very strong yeah people invite you into their house and there ' s quite a lot of peer pressure on you like quite a lot of pressure well you have to drink it otherwise it ' s an insult mm yeah yeah there ' s give you this big shot thing it ' s just like drinking i don ' t know wd forty or something
245. ' s enough i ' ve lost six dollars i don ' t need to lose any more yeah and i was too shy to go on like the black d jack i feel like i suffer under peer pressure and i ' d be like pressured to stay and pressured to to gamble more than i wanted to that ' s you kind of have to know what you ' re doing to not get scuppered yeah
246. like that ' s more chinese though you know? that ' s kind of yeah i mean cos they ' ve got a lot more i think they grew up with grow up with a lot more pressure mm cos there ' s i dunno a billion of them and all going for the same job yeah you know and just the the lack of kind of knowledge of history as well yeah no i mean
247. looking after my mum yeah she was a complete fuck up and i don ' t i don ' t i ' ve got my own family now i don ' t wanna yeah but it ' s that pressure you know? yeah yeah my i mean my parents aren ' t ill mm at all you know they ' re both active but i kind of wanna get to know them be you know yeah for a few
248. not true for everybody but basically everybody ' s sort of the same kind of person mm yeah and even if they ' re not they try to bbe like one there ' s quite a lot of pressure they ' re all middle class to be like straight? middle class? no like upper cla like to be oh really? sort of posh? or to be a certain way in to like make
249. do it with thirty but i was really annoyed cos i spent ages learning it and i only needed i hate speaking because the whole class can hear you yeah i hate that and there ' s much pressure cos if you get something wrong the teacher goes and they like raise their eyebrows and they ' re like oh for goodness sake um well it ' s it ' s fine when you get into it but
250. erm you know people always have like a bet on how long the best man ' s speech is gonna last mm and whether it ' s gonna be funny and stuff yeah there ' s so much pressure on a best man i feel really bad for them yeah like maid of honour doesn ' t have to do any of that no but yeah it was the best man at this wedding was really good but mm
251. time and i thought okay she ' s not a christian i don ' t that wasn ' t a problem she wasn ' t a strong muslim either no no i but i wondered whether it was the pressure of christmas yeah doing the food doing the meal yeah yeah yeah yeah but it wasn ' t the food when she died and i started going through all the paperwork i knew she ' d had a child before
252. good well you sound very manic well yeah but i survived and you know this holiday will be fun it will be mental space and it will be fun it ' ll just be there ' s no pressure it ' s there ' s no pressure to do anything we can just wander round eat if we get cold we can go you know to the cinema or we can go up to the hotel and chill we
253. yeah but i survived and you know this holiday will be fun it will be mental space and it will be fun it ' ll just be there ' s no pressure it ' s there ' s no pressure to do anything we can just wander round eat if we get cold we can go you know to the cinema or we can go up to the hotel and chill we can go for dr like but there '
254. we can just wander round eat if we get cold we can go you know to the cinema or we can go up to the hotel and chill we can go for dr like but there ' s no pressure because er we ' re in a business suite by the way mm when i was looking at it and thinking i was like oh hello i know and because also like it ' s unlike it ' s not
255. the thing in i don ' t know i don ' t think so er i ' ve told him i don ' t want anything yeah but that doesn ' t mean anything but there ' s no pressure and i don ' t think mm that ' s what we both like there ' s no pressure yeah and that ' s what and i were kind of saying as well i think there was so much pressure
256. him i don ' t want anything yeah but that doesn ' t mean anything but there ' s no pressure and i don ' t think mm that ' s what we both like there ' s no pressure yeah and that ' s what and i were kind of saying as well i think there was so much pressure on your on you two to be together er it ' s it ' s the kind of thing
257. and i don ' t think mm that ' s what we both like there ' s no pressure yeah and that ' s what and i were kind of saying as well i think there was so much pressure on your on you two to be together er it ' s it ' s the kind of thing where both of us turned round today cos er obviousl it it wasn ' t the kind of thing
258. basically saying today to each other kind of you know i want us but without that you know i want it to be like it was when we were friends in the way that there wasn ' t any pressure or measuring of the relationship obviously there ' s gonna be that yeah from time to time but there ' s just been a lot of kind of figuring out but do you wanna know what the massive difference is
259. s just been a lot of kind of figuring out but do you wanna know what the massive difference is? what? you ' ve got something to lose that ' s the thing that ' s the pressure like at the moment that ' s the thing and the pressure comes from that and that ' s the reason for the verbal affirmation because otherwise i ' m like yeah are we at risk of losing
260. you wanna know what the massive difference is? what? you ' ve got something to lose that ' s the thing that ' s the pressure like at the moment that ' s the thing and the pressure comes from that and that ' s the reason for the verbal affirmation because otherwise i ' m like yeah are we at risk of losing things? yeah and i think that yeah that ' s the
261. mm i know that i ' m fine without it doesn ' t bother me at all you know like i know that without him i can function perfectly fine mm erm and it there ' s no pressure on it and we ' re happy and it ' s comfortable and we can do that and carry on as friends and there ' s no there ' s nothing confusing in it mm the moment you say well
262. carry on as friends and there ' s no there ' s nothing confusing in it mm the moment you say well actually i wanna be with you again let ' s be together mm is the moment the pressure happens because there ' s that pressure to keep it going mm and it bec and it ' s that ' s that ' s where i think my downfall is it ' s just you ' ve got
263. s no there ' s nothing confusing in it mm the moment you say well actually i wanna be with you again let ' s be together mm is the moment the pressure happens because there ' s that pressure to keep it going mm and it bec and it ' s that ' s that ' s where i think my downfall is it ' s just you ' ve got something to lose mm and therefore there
264. nothing it ' s just as when you want and when you can do it and when you know just when and when exactly as i said if you can do it you know no there ' s no pressure on you like i ' m doing mine monthly but that ' s only because we wanna earn a little bit of money but you know people might do it sporadically they might go oh i ' ve had
265. working hours yeah and it was fine so what a job to watch people ' s private videos yeah but i suppose facebook are prprobably kind of legally obliged to do that now they probably have pressure from er record companies and yeah er i dunno movie companies what about youtube then? well youtube yeah erm well they are they d they do delete things mm but it ' s a needle in
268. and it does the job and it doesn ' t even need to be able to stand up you know amazingly mm oh what ' s that over there cos it hasn ' t got a lot of pressure on it or anything that was the biggest i could manage and i just thought if it ' s open at the front i ' ll be able to yes put a spade in which is a lot more convenient
269. speaking to her in russian cos it turns out she ' s married to a russian guy just casual conversation in a different language yeah so they started having a chat i think felt a little bit under pressure because she hasn ' t spoken it for a while spoken it although she did say that erm you know? oh god down at? yeah i mean that ' s that ' s not quite russian that
270. know god that ' s i mean it ' s amazing but i mean the thing is is that when they say it doesn ' t matter but when push come to shove you can ' t put any pressure on these people no you can ' t to do anything no like you could if it was a government owned that ' s right yeah anything that is government owned i mean you eventually you kick up such a
271. got to wrap two trees up two bits of ropes well for just where the rope goes i thought i would just put a bit of tape on around first put something around then i ' m not putting pressure on them perhaps i ' m being silly don ' t worry about it mm? i can just tie it i think it ' ll be alright i ' ll plead ignorance you didn ' t bring my shirts
273. i think there is no no? no i don ' t agree with that mm but i do think like kids are getting a shorter time to be kid but why? they ' re getting so much pressure they don ' t work any more to develop sexually more than anything yeah but like you know i had i started t babysitting when i was thirteen i had a job in a shop when i was
281. just chewing the top ah what does it feel like when your teeth are coming through? well i can ' t remember mm but i know the wisdom teeth kill yeah but why would it help to put pressure on it? it helps them break the gum which is why erm my mum said erm make some dry biscuit things like really hard biscuits for them to chew on to break the gum literally yeah
284. be with sixteen - year - olds well if they do it i don ' t think they will do it but you could potentially be with sixteen no no no because l there was l a lot of pressure to get there yeah because it ' s it ' s the a levels for adults you know? when they put the prices up for uni i don ' t think that ' s there was protesting going
285. no f make - up thing erm i ' m not really that interested in it but my nephew really wanted to do it and so he asked if i would do it people get a lot of pressure from their family or friends to do it and that kind of stuff yeah mm and was really gonna get get to the core of you yeah yeah so i like i said i ' ve got no money co
288. be more likely to be out on a friday night or out on a saturday night or even out on a thursday night so yeah yeah yeah so it ' s nice it ' s kind of taken the pressure off thursday friday saturday eve for not being drinking nights i thought today was monday because we meet up in the week yeah yeah that ' s true i need to remember it is saturday for the bus timetable i
294. t treat it it could cause glaucoma but it ' s not glaucoma yeah no but it ' s pressure yeah a lot of people have them glasses don ' t they? pressure he we ' re all under pressure under pressure i had a lot of pressure this week she doing alright ain ' t she? i am i ' m trying to cos i hate to think i hate
295. ##laucoma but it ' s not glaucoma yeah no but it ' s pressure yeah a lot of people have them glasses don ' t they? pressure he we ' re all under pressure under pressure i had a lot of pressure this week she doing alright ain ' t she? i am i ' m trying to cos i hate to think i hate to think hate to think i '
296. ##a but it ' s not glaucoma yeah no but it ' s pressure yeah a lot of people have them glasses don ' t they? pressure he we ' re all under pressure under pressure i had a lot of pressure this week she doing alright ain ' t she? i am i ' m trying to cos i hate to think i hate to think hate to think i ' ve got
297. glaucoma yeah no but it ' s pressure yeah a lot of people have them glasses don ' t they? pressure he we ' re all under pressure under pressure i had a lot of pressure this week she doing alright ain ' t she? i am i ' m trying to cos i hate to think i hate to think hate to think i ' ve got anything wrong with me i '
298. very very close contact with mm with people numerous people a lot of people all the time but it ' s tou it is hard for people that don ' t wanna have children because they always have pressure from their family and even from their friends you er you i know you want me to have children and dad ' s made it very clear that he wants me to have children and it ' s i haven
299. from their friends you er you i know you want me to have children and dad ' s made it very clear that he wants me to have children and it ' s i haven ' t put any pressure you on you to have children i wouldn ' t say you put pressure on me but i know all i ' ve said to you is i just don ' t think you ' re in that right i
300. and dad ' s made it very clear that he wants me to have children and it ' s i haven ' t put any pressure you on you to have children i wouldn ' t say you put pressure on me but i know all i ' ve said to you is i just don ' t think you ' re in that right i know deep down that you want me to have children god and i '
301. re in that right i know deep down that you want me to have children god and i ' d love to have er ha ha exactly hold your son exactly or daughter in my arms that ' s pressure of course i would that ' s pressure you say that you don ' t but you ' ve just said that you totally would want that to happen so that ' s pressure that ' s but i '
302. that you want me to have children god and i ' d love to have er ha ha exactly hold your son exactly or daughter in my arms that ' s pressure of course i would that ' s pressure you say that you don ' t but you ' ve just said that you totally would want that to happen so that ' s pressure that ' s but i ' m not saying that ' s a bad
303. my arms that ' s pressure of course i would that ' s pressure you say that you don ' t but you ' ve just said that you totally would want that to happen so that ' s pressure that ' s but i ' m not saying that ' s a bad thing yeah but it ' s just something that well i mean i people that don ' t have children could say to people that do
304. that do have children you don ' t know what it ' s like to live with yeah deciding not to have children yeah it ' s a very very big decision to make yeah do you think the pressure is more on and we have to live with it for a whole that you should have a child what than not having one? when you ' re together as a couple? oh massively so and especially
305. friends since she ' s come home saying oh when are you gonna have a baby then? now kind of thing none of her friends have children though oh really? no no oh maybe that takes the pressure off of her erm the only people that have children now of either side of our friends quite interestingly strangely actually cos when i spoke about bas and having a degree none of her school friends close
306. it out mm all we know is we definitely don ' t want them now you ' re not ready at the moment yeah we definitely don ' t want them now definitely not well i would stop putting pressure on yourselves and a that ' s all you ' ve gotta say you ' re not ready at the moment to anybody oh we don ' t put pressure on ourselves it ' s other people putting pressure on
307. them now definitely not well i would stop putting pressure on yourselves and a that ' s all you ' ve gotta say you ' re not ready at the moment to anybody oh we don ' t put pressure on ourselves it ' s other people putting pressure on us yeah but if you get asked so the question just say oh not for quite a few years yet oh i know i know how to deal with it
308. pressure on yourselves and a that ' s all you ' ve gotta say you ' re not ready at the moment to anybody oh we don ' t put pressure on ourselves it ' s other people putting pressure on us yeah but if you get asked so the question just say oh not for quite a few years yet oh i know i know how to deal with it it ' s not a problem i don '
309. t let out we are the finale oh are you? the end of a a week of events and we are the finale oh right you ' ve gotta be the best so there ' s not much pressure is there? no you ' ve just gotta be the best mm but there we are i mean but things like this make you work you ' re working hard together yeah and actually we had to play in
310. yeah it ' s brilliant it doesn ' t ma you could stop for a whole page and come in at another point no one will miss you no yeah so there ' s no there ' s no pressure whatsoever but it it ' s the feeling of being part of this wonderful sound yeah i bet someone recorded all that didn ' t they? ah some people going round with video recorders yes and there was
311. else yeah completely different was on and we just cos she was tired i was tired mm we ' re funny like that wi so well we ' re terribly relaxed when we ' re together so no pressure to yeah well yeah yeah erm nice yeah but she can ' t come to any of these events or anything yeah no you know she ' s working but i think i keep mm trying to push her
315. instruments in there is there? yeah there ' s a rain maker somewhere mm i dunno if this is going to be alright actually i ' m gonna mate it ' s fine there ' s no pressure well i wasn ' t trying to cook anything amazing i was trying to use up ingredients i wanna cook you a rendang a what? a rendang it ' s an indonesian slash malaysian curry
316. far far easier em but love it but love it the it ' s it ' s got its usual commercial pressures but em we when you when you find yourself absorbed in something it it ' s not pressure is it? it ' s more just a em a hoop to jump through rather than pressure mm fantastic eh wh winston churchill said that he said em make your hobby your job and you ' ll never
317. its usual commercial pressures but em we when you when you find yourself absorbed in something it it ' s not pressure is it? it ' s more just a em a hoop to jump through rather than pressure mm fantastic eh wh winston churchill said that he said em make your hobby your job and you ' ll never work again the rest of your life and i absolutely concur with that concur
321. you? that ' s so that ' s five years from forty still unmarried so happily unmarried happily unmarried but i think the parents are kind of uh getting on now oh do you get a lot of pressure? yeah i mean they ' re coming on to their sixties and i think they just want to have grandchildren and you know play with them and be happy and what about? have someone to spoil what about
327. just taken that on board erm i think some of the reactions have been positive i know that who? oh sorry yeah cos it ' s just been real they ' ve just got all the pressure on them at the moment over this erm and there ' s a lot of tension between editors and it ' s been like well some of you aren ' t pulling your weight cos you ' re
331. that ' s right i mean i don ' t i can ' t be bothered i mean you know that ' s fine though em i don ' t know i don ' t feel like i should pressure myself into thinking yeah that ' s i need to be friends with them that ' s like when said oh see you in two weeks or something i thought two weeks? what do they mean by that?
333. don ' t really know but i swear like people seemed to actually enjoy being teenagers then like when we were like in year six mm like there was there was probably still like you know a lot of pressure but i think i don ' t think people ca like teachers can ' t remember as many students breaking down over their exams and shit like mm it seems to be quite common to have anxiety attacks before exams
338. anything yeah i mean cos er there ' s so much there to do and i ' ve done it all already yeah we could just chill out do the things we want to there ' s no pressure to go anywhere or see anyone we don ' t know anyone in you know erm and we could go up to aberystwyth sort of bit of retail therapy such as it is indeed well
341. was for like ten minutes in the middle of a lesson seems like quite a good idea though i mean lots of parents can ' t get there in the day but when you when you can takes the pressure off the teachers for the evening too doesn ' t it? so have we established that your zafira is one that ' s going to be recalled or not? erm erm they mum '
342. the other day who played at welford road and he said the problem with welford road he says you ' re that far from the edge talk about intimidating it really is yeah you know it puts pressure on the other and they ' ve expanded the erm er ththey ' ve shortened the pitch and increased the in goal area or something or the other way round this year they ' ve done something
343. and did she end up with someone? no basically they dropped those couple dropped out before the serie they literally went did all of that and then they backed out of it yeah because apparently the family put pressure on them and i can imagine that cos like i can imagine that i guess you sort of like go you ' d humour whoe your daughter or whatever through it and then when you realise oh my
346. associate clowns with being really scared i ' m not scared of clowns but then this massive cultural thing about being scared of clowns a lot of people are yeah clowns that ' s peer pressure sarah can play this yes for a while it is let ' s not make it a recording time yeah name my every paper i deliver aww who ' s go is it? uh me on okay ready
351. meal somewhere and they said that i was sort of sounding like what their lounge man had been like and i thought that might be quite good you just get your cash for the night there ' s no pressure at all cos as you say no one ' s listening to you yeah just a bit of fun to try a bit of jazz maybe try a bit of just a f bit of improv as well
352. was like it ' s very unlikely yeah that i ' m gonna be able to do that but then i did manage to which was great but it was very stressful cos it was such time pressure so i got the commission at like three or four on tuesday i managed to get into a class at like nine thirty the next morning and like oh which was great it was like there just happened to be
353. so that ' s really good it ' s like but it was very stressful yeah but erm yeah it was good like yeah it ' s just a lot more stressful i mean the time pressure was the way that yeah is it something you wanna do more of like that kind of like erm instantaneous? yeah i quite liked it it was quite nice mm to haven ' t i used to
354. gonna go? i guess so i mean it ' ll be so er yeah maybe you ' ll be rea oh god maybe she was really stressed or something maybe just like under a lot of time pressure mm but i got i reckon you might be really good friends with her i think that ' s gonna where be the way this story ends you ' ll go i love her yeah i just like inhaled a
355. ' s like making you can invest in london being much more multimodal yeah so like at the moment in like say even if you live out like it ' s still there ' s so much pressure yeah since i lived there for work even if you live out in like yeah but like if you properly invested in like and i th i think they are trying to but like you said very haphazard
356. him on the team bus for the next game to prove that it was him right cos someone was like it ' s not really you but it presumably it was so why why should they feel under pressure to do it why why even bother so mm create an account if you ' re gonna feel? yeah yeah it ' s a tricky one it ' s a tricky one for footballers eh i ' ve seen
359. really important it ' s really important cos i know it ' s a business and i know it ' s and i know it ' s on street and i know that there ' s a massive pressure and we ' re thirty - ninth in the country last week that ' s good that ' s a pretty high target what ' s their issue? that ' s really good you ain ' t gonna be
371. never he was very serious and he never quite got the idea that i didn ' t want to be pushed and every time we went he was pushing me to do something more and i just felt under pressure and i wasn ' t really enjoying it any more yeah and it was when i was starting to think about selling me house mm and of course i was spending quite a lot of money on this you pay
372. get to that point we ' ll adopt well though tasked with my with the erm the erm standard bearer of my genetic material i ' m sorry dad you say you don ' t put any pressure on me no no no but you do you do i mean there ' s always the you ' ve told me before you want to take my name yes although because you keep saying well where would the mark
373. ' s always the you ' ve told me before you want to take my name yes although because you keep saying well where would the mark in history be? erm erm he does put some pressure he does it kind of passively aggressively but you really do but although your your brother might end up as being the the standard bearer yeah i don ' t know i mean you may not have children to
374. they have to be aware er er a sentence produced wrong could maybe could start a war yeah exactly yeah so it ' s i i have a lot of respect for that job kind of i have no pressure no pressure there then it ' s good though it ' s tasty that ' ll be yours yeah is yours alright? please have a bit of ours erm too big i ' ve got half of
375. to be aware er er a sentence produced wrong could maybe could start a war yeah exactly yeah so it ' s i i have a lot of respect for that job kind of i have no pressure no pressure there then it ' s good though it ' s tasty that ' ll be yours yeah is yours alright? please have a bit of ours erm too big i ' ve got half of a load
378. not be nothing wr there might be nothing wrong with me so they don ' t go and then they end up with like a problem yeah yeah i just think cos they are under a lot of pressure aren ' t they? yeah but if you look up anything online it ' s like you should have this seen by a doctor yeah well that ' s why you shouldn ' t look anything up online should
379. t spoken to them since then so oh you should get round in in the in the garden i know i should do that i know but then that ' s when it always feels does really um putting pressure on yourself makes it worse yeah i ' m not i ' m not in the mood to do that no at the moment no well that ' s fine mm just see how you go i haven ' t
380. like the the week after that it ' s whether i ' d be er you know we don ' t want yeah that ' s what i mean yeah i don ' t want you to be under pressure so mso maybe like the thirtieth is the thirtieth of october any good? yeah i can do the thirtieth thirtieth ' s good for me yeah
382. actually a bad a pill really? erm i literally can ' t see myself taking drugs ever again like you know you took coke yeah i think that ' s just cos like it is peer pressure like was doing it and she like kept mentioning it and then what like have a line have a line? no it was like she made you do it didn ' t she? just kept mentioning it like
383. thoughts and i don ' t get it as bad now like i don ' t get dark thoughts from the drink i feel like chatty and happy yeah but maybe it ' s like society ' s pressure ' s like got to you no i think it ' s like also the whole thing is like drinking like exaggerates emotions like i ' m not saying that you ' re only not drinking because you
384. and you know come from? yeah the and the challenge you know the question that should be asked of these complainants is you know how would you like to have a job in which yes under the pressure where every ten minutes yeah somebody is gonna pop through the door yeah and exactly and require your opinion every ten minutes that ' s and present with some some six times an hour symptoms wham wham that
385. it ' s such a lovely room actually yeah right now wait a minute now it ' s my turn i think is it my turn? no it ' s me oh okay there was i all under pressure did you get a vowel darling? no ah oh dear it doesn ' t make any difference i ' d be crap if i had vowels as well well there ' s a nice e right next to the
386. she said in terms of the format the layout the tone she said you don ' t even need to think about it you ' re just doing it anyway so she said i said well that takes that pressure off yeah if it ' s only just the content end then yeah yeah we ' ll get through that then you ' ve just got to research and think and put it down do it in the same way
387. and when you see how difficult the questions were getting as well they were they were really hard and when for you it didn ' t matter if you got it right or wrong whereas that ' s the pressure for somebody thinking i ' ve got to get this for the job or yeah exactly i wasn ' t under any pressure none whatsoever and i made him take it who was saying he was rubbish i made him
388. didn ' t matter if you got it right or wrong whereas that ' s the pressure for somebody thinking i ' ve got to get this for the job or yeah exactly i wasn ' t under any pressure none whatsoever and i made him take it who was saying he was rubbish i made him take it and i said how did you do and he went oh i didn ' t bother finishing it i said you
389. on the other hand with the whole age thing er er you know you ' d listen to the news another day and there ' s so many obese people that and it ' s putting so much pressure on the nhs that everybody ' s just gonna die of all their obesity - related diseases mm so i don ' t under i can ' t i can never work out how predictions are ththere '
390. acid no no that no that ' s not it happens all the time at athletics right? does it? i thought yeah they ' ll be running yeah and er basically they they just put so much pressure on their bodies oh i dunno lac i dunno if it ' s lactic acid it ' s someth anyway it ' s hilarious because you just see them i and i mean i tell you
391. like erm yeah wing field champions and yeah this champions and that champ and it wasn ' t all down to me it was a team effort yeah erm and and i don ' t want that pressure you know? no and also or or i ' ll go somewhere and they ' ll go oh he ' s arrived so you can take over now erm or yeah they ' ll be so so crap
392. that a plastic thin bag loved all that he loves all the field craft stuff where go out and you ' ve gotta s you know you ' ve got all your gear survival survive the weekend feel the pressure yeah sort of like erm you know you ' ve all your shelter and stuff and then you ' ve got to heat up heat up your food in the old hexi stove and yeah boil in a
393. out but like like who like in a different way like yeah i dunno i just feel like i ' m gonna feel like this wherever i go really and i ' m always gonna have the same pressure from my family do they want you to do really well or do they just want you to do stuff all the time? i don ' t i don ' t even know any more is that what?
394. turn up with the money and they ' ve got all the right references from their bank then we ' ll consider them mm but to start considering them mm goes by the board when you get a hundred pressure situations yeah it ' s easy to panic and go with something the other thing i find the churches do is they ' ve got a very enthusiastic champion of the project often the picker who has seen other
396. the way i was so i said okay which he said mm are you available next friday? and i said no because it ' s the play next friday and i said i don ' t want the pressure and it i just don ' t so he said okay i ' m not gonna pester you and say what about that friday and what about that friday he said i ' ll leave it to you when
398. would ' ve done a percentage of most of them i ' m just thinking yeah yes very good yes mm mm well it gets you in it takes the fear away well it takes a lot of the pressure away as well yeah yes oh dear and it makes it more you work harder as well because you know that this stuff actually counts mm i mean we just had it all in one year yeah yeah for biology
399. ve gone i don ' t like this the non - physical you goes what i do like is to be more relaxed i like to be more ah yeah yeah erm enjoying everything not feeling so under pressure and it becomes that straightaway now if you decide to to do that as well then you you can do that yeah but erm what often happens what we often do is instead of just going yeah i
400. you think of something? so she she ' s been a tidy freak since she was fourteen there was one day when she was fourteen when she was tidying up and she nearly collapsed under the whole pressure of it like how badly she wanted it all to be perfect really? and it was like a sort of like epiphany moment yeah she ' s been really she ' s been i was gonna
404. about two years before you ' re even considered yeah would that be a nice increment for you? it would be a substantial about six grand six grand more mm but a lot a lot of pressure a lot of like he ' d have to be right and stress pretty much have to be the first one erm in the office and the last one out yeah yeah because you have to be able to
405. six months he ' s saying this week that new people are oh no sixteen sixteen what sort of jobs are they going to? are they getting better money or is it just to get away from the pressure? erm both a few a few progression mm mm oh yeah and then two people the no three people who had that have gone to team managers within so that ' s that ' s mm so nineteen
406. of some people internally to make them do what you wanna do it ' s weird but you have to yeah walk this line of being everybody ' s best friend but also being able to be put enough pressure on people that they do my goodness whatever it is that you wanna do my goodness it ' s a really weird position you have to be a bit vain as a politician i mean you know a bit of
407. you didn ' t think that at the time well i just got drunk it was rubbish and tried to pull and failed ah maybe that ' s where it went wrong yeah everybody puts erm too much pressure on themselves don ' t they? when they go on holidays like that yeah it was the time when you know it was really popular you know it was late nineties you know ibiza was where did
408. right yeah that ' s right and probably not in their best interest no no no to draw attention but anyway there as a kind of racial prejudice there i suppose no no and the police are under enormous pressure under those you know when those crimes happen yes the funny thing was with that was the ira stepped in and said they didn ' t do it we did it and they still jailed them the police still jailed
409. d be far too sensible yeah the work experience kid would be worried about getting it right and wrong instead of just speed restrictions on that there was at some point an accident along there yeah but maybe local pressure? but from who? no one lives along that section well i mean the only other logic i can see is that there ' s a pub on that section but it ' s got a really visible entrance
413. see her? chickened out she did yeah bless her i think like i i i think you need quite a lot of balls actually yeah i can imagine yeah to do that yeah erm yeah the pressure would ' ve been on as well like i can you would have to have done well like i know you would ' ve had to have done really well i ' d ' ve been really offended if she
414. straight yeah definitely into boys yeah exactly you ' re like ah yeah exactly but i ' m kind of pleased that i didn ' t yeah i know i can imagine yeah it ' s a lot of pressure on both of you really wasn ' t it? yeah yeah erm at least she felt confident like confident enough to talk to you to begin with though i guess it ' s a good first date yeah
424. who have a child and a life mm well i ' m not saying like put the child in nursery like i ' d hate that like that ' s the thing though but the pressures it ' s pressure to make sure that you ' re growi you ' re making something lovely as well yeah like this whole life is in your hands yeah i couldn ' t di couldn ' t do it but like the
425. the garden yeah so you could just sit indoors reading and very hard to sipping beer actually manage it in reality and then i find no because they ' re just pottering around you ' d be under pressure to go to the beach with me during the day i suppose but then then you ' d just sit in the taverna mm so then you ' ve just got to erm mm it ' s not
429. want to yeah yeah someone can wear you as jewellery yes they make diamonds now they yeah mm yeah they ' re not as pretty as the ones that are formed naturally mined after being you know under extreme pressure yeah for billions of years when it comes down to it really yeah i wouldn ' t pay c i mean millions of pounds for a certain diamond or whatever or a ruby or whatever cos that ' s
430. last one? i can check i heard your welsh accent come out then mm comes out excuse me it comes out when i go home to wales really? mm and maybe in times of ridiculous stress and pressure yes maybe or when drunk three seven ninety and i think yeah it was a thousand over and yet it wasn ' t penalised? i don ' t believe so so why it scored eighty - nine percent

Cluster 2
0. really doesn ' t it it ' s just very nice drinking tea and eating cake yes and occasionally doing some work it ' s um yeah it ' s it ' s nice it ' s very low pressure and i have more responsibility now which is nice low pressure but with responsibility mm um i ' m wondering whether to open that one or leave it or just have some of that one um go for it just
1. drinking tea and eating cake yes and occasionally doing some work it ' s um yeah it ' s it ' s nice it ' s very low pressure and i have more responsibility now which is nice low pressure but with responsibility mm um i ' m wondering whether to open that one or leave it or just have some of that one um go for it just open it should i fill this up? oh that would
5. what ' s the day today though? seventeenth? yeah seventeenth maybe i finish on the fifth cool so what do you do with the beans cook them for like a day? mm in anything? a pressure cooker first without pressure it would probably be a bit long cos erm just cooking beans on the hob is erm could like can take a really long time it ' s a bit annoying
6. today though? seventeenth? yeah seventeenth maybe i finish on the fifth cool so what do you do with the beans cook them for like a day? mm in anything? a pressure cooker first without pressure it would probably be a bit long cos erm just cooking beans on the hob is erm could like can take a really long time it ' s a bit annoying well if you were gonna
7. twice a day mm and er but now er i i cycle home which takes twenty minutes and you know i i take i cos i ' ve got n one of these things that take my blood pressure you know oh that ' s good a checker and erm always after cycling it ' s always low really? absolutely yeah yeah no doubt about it bit of aerobic exercise yeah oh yeah for sure
11. the thing is it ' s once they put all this stuff in the ground and all that dirt and leave it for ages what what they do is they have to flush it through with a a high pressure water anyway before they start using the pipeline so oh it seems a bit pointless to scrub every pipe to put it underground they ' re they ' re just i think they ' re just being stalling for
18. drink if i drink orange juice it just burns my stomach anything acid i can ' t take mm mm so oh dear the thing about aircraft of course as a passenger you never realise is that drop of pressure mm mm which makes you very sensitive to our process of dehydration yeah yeah mm mm erm i often think that i must admit but if you go on board with a water bottle and you
19. on board with a water bottle and you ' ve drink three quarters of it mm and there ' s just a bit left at the bottom and you put the bottle on the side there obviously the atmospheric pressure in the bottle will take off and after about fifteen minutes this bottle is all swelling right up in front of you we ' ll do it when we fly you ' ll see yeah yeah i don ' t
20. minutes this bottle is all swelling right up in front of you we ' ll do it when we fly you ' ll see yeah yeah i don ' t think i want to i i can understand it pressure drops to about a third of the normal atmosphere mm and you really some people suffer quite bad i i i often get headaches on the plane because of that mm mm well it affects my sinuses i
21. depth or your orientation and you can basically do the whole thing of like swimming like think you ' re swimming up but you ' re going down and end up kind of like putting yourself into way deep pressure ooh it ' s kind of like messed up the things that can happen to you scuba diving that ' s really weird now i ' ve been put off going scuba diving this is this is actually making
24. other people from pandora yeah other people from pandora and then it ' s all the franchises will be there yeah yeah that ' s good hello everybody hello everything okay? good evening how are you? different pressure yeah you ' ve had your hair cut yes oh yeah i wondered if there was something different about you mm yes how much did that cost you? yeah did you did you get his name? seven pounds
26. mustn ' t it? yeah well apparently it ' s very a very peaceful death it can ' t be cos when you breathe in all the water will come into your lungs and yeah that pressure must feel horrible and it ' s the whole motion of breathing in and out but your bobody would be trying to get it out wouldn ' t it? and you ' d be coughing and you '
27. so it seems no weird that they have that connection outside of the water still but the only reason that they can ' t survive out of the water is because their body weight is so huge mm the pressure is too much on their internal organs and that ' s why they die i know but they used to walk did they? yeah what were they? what were they? mm they were whales but they could
33. to twelve point five four mil but okay it ' s that ' s interesting yeah it ' s er inches are still in engineering it ' s still in very common usage er psi as a unit of pressure for example pounds per square inch interesting mm maybe it ' s just sort of yeah i dunno really but i don ' t know why that would be different cos cos you can ' t sell
35. a lot really? will it make her lose her hair? no i mean it the thing that will bother her most i think is erm is nausea and sickness mm it also can affect your blood pressure your iron levels your thyroid levels i mean there ' s quite a few things it can interfere with so blimey because that was a problem last time but they do wasn ' t it all the nausea
39. stood on top of the printer yeah you know we ' ll put like papers and things and then they get taller and taller yeah they do don ' t they? and then that put some sort of pressure on the top of the printer and then that that won ' t go no that jam the actual cartridge where that run up and down yeah that the the printing head is jammed so you got to open it
40. the gear is and i thought well that that should be alright so i in the end i had to put it in ' s press and it went with a hell of a bang about a thousand pound pressure went on it and that went with two big bangs when that so you know how badly the wow yeah well that went hell of a bang when that went like a gun going off that is he he was
49. gotta do mm just lining them up you ' ve gotta you ' ve gotta line them up properly won ' t you? it ' s once you start drilling and you ' ve gotta have that f pressure on it yeah very clever things door them hinges those sort of hinges very clever well i was amazed that the one ' s that we did when we put them on the wall the brackets on the wall now
57. the soldiers to walk from war plane onto the uh hijacked a plane it was absolutely preposterous board board the pilot board the um the plane in mid air somehow getting around the u pressure difficulty as i said absolutely ridiculous how how they managed to get get themselves to the right pressure i don ' t know hey what i was thinking i wonder if we could put these on a hanging basket too
58. preposterous board board the pilot board the um the plane in mid air somehow getting around the u pressure difficulty as i said absolutely ridiculous how how they managed to get get themselves to the right pressure i don ' t know hey what i was thinking i wonder if we could put these on a hanging basket too these peas cos they normally need a stick don ' t they? i ' m trying
59. see the little thing yeah you have to move your finger round it yeah so it gets all your print yeah but i wasn ' t doing it with in the right place or with the right amount of pressure she ' s going doo - doo - doo - doo - doo yeah good lord did that take ages? so eventually now that was the hardest bit wow once that was set up it was fine so yeah
61. same cos they go hard very quick if you eat it straight fresh it ' s lovely but you can ' t keep it oh right okay mm erm llakeland have bought out a microwave pressure cooker really? that sounds different it does yeah yeah twenty - five quid it is so it looks like a well it looks like a flat microwave yeah but it ' s made out of very rigid
62. does yeah yeah twenty - five quid it is so it looks like a well it looks like a flat microwave yeah but it ' s made out of very rigid plastic it ' s still got a pressure valve and everything on it mm mm mm well that one it ' s supposed to be an oven a grill yeah everything you can imagine it ' s a combi whatever yeah same as we ' ve got
66. ##active thyroid so she put me on levothyroxine and then erm and then i sort of on a hunch sort of said to her oh and i haven ' t had my blood pressure taken for ages and it turned out i had absolutely sky high blood pressure as well so they put me on drugs for that and then as i went back to the doctor for checkups cos when they
67. erm and then i sort of on a hunch sort of said to her oh and i haven ' t had my blood pressure taken for ages and it turned out i had absolutely sky high blood pressure as well so they put me on drugs for that and then as i went back to the doctor for checkups cos when they put you on levothyroxine they have to keep doing blood
68. if you ' re on the right level of of drugs and to control your and bring your body up to the right level of kind of mmmetabolism and then also erm with my blood pressure i was going cos i didn ' t get on with the drugs so i was being tested for different drugs to contr try and control my blood pressure and every time i went back i said to
69. and then also erm with my blood pressure i was going cos i didn ' t get on with the drugs so i was being tested for different drugs to contr try and control my blood pressure and every time i went back i said to her you know i ' m still bleeding? and she would say oh that ' s really really strange that that should have been sorted out by now so she
71. ? i mean it ' s massive ain ' t it you know? so they ' re getting the water ready to feed lots more people otherwise i mean when we first moved here there was no water pressure you could hardly get water pressure upstairs could you? and there was a water tower yeah and there was a water tower down there a big green water tower weren ' t there? but there was still no
72. massive ain ' t it you know? so they ' re getting the water ready to feed lots more people otherwise i mean when we first moved here there was no water pressure you could hardly get water pressure upstairs could you? and there was a water tower yeah and there was a water tower down there a big green water tower weren ' t there? but there was still no water pressure and then they had
73. hardly get water pressure upstairs could you? and there was a water tower yeah and there was a water tower down there a big green water tower weren ' t there? but there was still no water pressure and then they had to pump the water up from up to this one here but now they ' re putting their own one in which is a big bore they ' re gonna put in or they ' re
75. s had the same thing just said leave it yeah oh dear but i think the dentist is very difficult and it becomes worse as you get older yes cos no one likes it no mm my blood pressure must all be up then yeah there ' s loads of butterflies now isn ' t there? yeah there ' s loads isn ' t there? the birds were quiet weren ' t they this morning? perhaps
78. coming in i see you know there ' s a cold front moving in cold front isn ' t here yet so it can ' t rain yet and rain no that oh no i think he said low pressure yeah that ' s not good is it? er low pressure usually means that high winds will follow and rain yeah yeah a slow push high usually comes in erm fill the void depends where the high pressure
79. moving in cold front isn ' t here yet so it can ' t rain yet and rain no that oh no i think he said low pressure yeah that ' s not good is it? er low pressure usually means that high winds will follow and rain yeah yeah a slow push high usually comes in erm fill the void depends where the high pressure is yes there ' s a high pressure coming off the continent
80. yeah that ' s not good is it? er low pressure usually means that high winds will follow and rain yeah yeah a slow push high usually comes in erm fill the void depends where the high pressure is yes there ' s a high pressure coming off the continent like if there ' s high pressure over france for example then that won ' t bring rain it would if there ' s a depression over france
81. ? er low pressure usually means that high winds will follow and rain yeah yeah a slow push high usually comes in erm fill the void depends where the high pressure is yes there ' s a high pressure coming off the continent like if there ' s high pressure over france for example then that won ' t bring rain it would if there ' s a depression over france right other side if it comes the other
82. and rain yeah yeah a slow push high usually comes in erm fill the void depends where the high pressure is yes there ' s a high pressure coming off the continent like if there ' s high pressure over france for example then that won ' t bring rain it would if there ' s a depression over france right other side if it comes the other way travel back from the sea then it ' s there
85. he ' s got a couple of little pensions but he won ' t go down and sign on because he doesn ' t wa he ' s quite a nervous person okay he ' s got high blood pressure he gets very very stressed and to sit in a job interview would just make him so he ' d never get a job then? if he can ' t sit in a he most probably wouldn ' t
86. ##d erm cornflour? cornflour? cornflour mm did it with cornflour they had a bunsen burner and an air gun you know just a just a yeah pressure air gun and they blew the cornflour over the bunsen burner and that went poof yeah same type of thing yeah mm cos that ' s what coffee - mate is in some respects
87. all places yeah ours is in the loft i hate going up there though yeah cos sometimes when he first put it in he said just go up and check the the bar checking it yeah for the pressure make sure it ' s above one and if it is just turn the taps a while yeah yeah yeah i hate going in the loft i just send one of your boys up yeah well has been up there
88. and if he comes and checks it and services it all yeah yeah you do yeah inspects it and stuff yyou yeah checks the gas hob and that as well he does yeah makes sure the pressure ' s all yeah alright so he said do it that ' s the main thing yeah a lot of landlords don ' t do they? no or they leave it but they ' re bound by law
92. but the been everywhere hasn ' t there? i said i as i explained to him and they ' ll have to build a new school erm build a new school in well cos of the pressure mm yes for places well what? but but there isn ' t any do you do you know what happened? they ' re building one you see but the problem they have mm is erm they the
96. go and leave when you want really yes it gives you that independence doesn ' t it? there ' s no yes you don ' t have to wait half an hour or for the bus or the pressure have to collect something or no that ' s it the car park ' s open twenty - four hours so oh that ' s good there ' s no restriction the only condition is i can ' t park
97. right becau er they rely on well i ' m glad you ' ve put me off i cos i was just rushing out to get one well cos you ' ve got the water pressure issue apparently apparent i don ' t know it ' s what they say but oh really? well the water pressure ' s not brilliant where i live they changed the water supply recently and they send me a
98. i was just rushing out to get one well cos you ' ve got the water pressure issue apparently apparent i don ' t know it ' s what they say but oh really? well the water pressure ' s not brilliant where i live they changed the water supply recently and they send me a note not a note they sent me a formal letter mm telling me of the official change of some reservoir to a
99. just like saying ha have you got gas central heating? no i haven ' t you ' ve either got that or you haven ' t got it or you haven ' t but that ' s right pressure is a matter of degree when does it become high pressure? well maybe it also er b it ' s one of those things that you just say you know oh right when you ' re well what difference
100. no i haven ' t you ' ve either got that or you haven ' t got it or you haven ' t but that ' s right pressure is a matter of degree when does it become high pressure? well maybe it also er b it ' s one of those things that you just say you know oh right when you ' re well what difference enenquiring would it make? well i suppose
101. what he was gonna put in exac just tha i said mm well the tank ' s around here and he went and looked at the tank he said mm oh yes yes you ' ve got high pressure mm of course this could be an entirely made up question with a made up answer just to you know wrong - foot the client well i can just imagine someone saying erm do do you want an engine
102. kosher question okay okay you ' d know that yeah yeah was a kosher question yeah actually i think if somebody asks me that i ' d think well hang on if i ' m not high pressure what ' s that gonna mean? yes and i might be worried then if he said that ' s right oh well oh well you can ' t have this that and the other that ' s right that
103. from that ' s all sides twenty - two different angles and that ' s right you know and yes and a bidet will be no good at all oh yes exactly unless you ' ve got high pressure you know you got i got that ' s right cos water has to go up that way that ' s right you know but it yeah would probably be the other way round wouldn ' t it?
104. see about that but yours well would probably come first if it ' s sese if it ' s september yes and i can i can erm er report back on high water well it low water pressure and goodness knows what else it may well be that if i if it ' s er yeah still haven ' t got something done i shall approach you again oh well you can by all means and if you
107. yeah and it ' s leaving us in you you know it ' s it ' s it ' s warming below us instead of warming us yeah and causing us to be right in a kind of low pressure above it rubbish there was a thing in the paper but if it moves we ' re stymied we ' re stymied yeah that ' s what they say as well there was a thing in
112. inside of it do you? i ' ll let you carry on no i i no you shove it in i i just put it in but then i i suck it gently mm and then just slight pressure on it so it cracks and that moment when you get that lovely lovely melty truffle mix mm that just comes in mm mm mm yeah mm mm mm mm i always get mm mm mm mm
113. the yeah south but on the east coast yeah but they as their diet maybe that ' s where that girl ' s from mamatches western diets they ' re gonna have diabetes and high blood pressure problems like you won ' t believe cos they the salt intake in food is huge people u people do sweat a lot cos of the summer heat but so some salt is good cos it stops
118. okay that ' s like not normal yeah erm and you get sort of extra protein in the urine and sort of backache erm you know things just symptoms that aren ' t quite right blood pressure ' s really affected mm erm and so she sent me to hospital and they carried out a test but nothing was really sort of flagging up or anything so they sent me home but i was getting
123. lives with four girls just saying no i love it though i know i love it but anyway okay okay so oh no leave it see if it goes off what is it? the radiators the pressure it ' s like the second time today go on go okay erm you can use this item and object to get discounts in shops student card no it ' s more like erm you can use
124. i would say yeah yes what is it? what is it? tell me what are you doing? habit of keeping chocolate at home after really sliding oh yeah looked at her and i was like the pressure just kept looking down at the table and i was just like what? and i didn ' t see that she put one there for me as well she was like you thought was just just checking you out
126. ah no sometimes i roll it a little bit just to get the cracking started and then you start picking it i wouldn ' t say crack all over though mm lean it on its side and apply light pressure with your hand as you roll it against the counter this will crack the shell around the egg begin peeling at the large end of the egg there ' s an air pocket at the end so it ' s
127. ##wh unacceptable oh i saw the weather forecast earlier and there ' s erm some nice weather coming up yes it said it might rain a little tomorrow yeah later on but there ' s a high pressure system coming in temperatures around mid - twenties that should be nice might even be able to sunbathe on the beach yeah yeah i was surprised when we were down in nice you know er how erm
129. it oh crikey oh and we think you could just like get a kango hammer and take it all out yeah it took longer to get out because the way the concrete was made and the pressure that ' d been put on yeah had really made it tight and it just wouldn ' t just wouldn ' t snap wouldn ' t budge no and so no and then there was one bit that goes under
134. bed eh or just chill out mm and i mean i i i i didn ' t know i had diabetes for a while so i ' d end up going on that i used to get my blood pressure checked regularly and then it wasn ' t that long cos if it was too long it would cause all the damage but eh so i must have been at school working and i was wondering why i was
135. station yeah we did and you had to record it yeah you know wet yeah wet bulb thermometer a dry thermometer that ' s right yeah wind direction yeah er mm out in the the pressure you know air pressure we even had one when we went to school camp we had had to do the weather they had one out at er mm and we had to do one there as well yeah all the
136. and you had to record it yeah you know wet yeah wet bulb thermometer a dry thermometer that ' s right yeah wind direction yeah er mm out in the the pressure you know air pressure we even had one when we went to school camp we had had to do the weather they had one out at er mm and we had to do one there as well yeah all the wea the different
140. level now? it was six i don ' t know what it is now it was six supposed to be about four four five yeah yeah you ' re not stressed or anything like no no your blood pressure ' s alright? blood pressure ' s fine yeah it ' s just probably too much cheese and milk and potatoes and bread and stuff like that mm friend our friend down er suffolk he had the same thing
141. i don ' t know what it is now it was six supposed to be about four four five yeah yeah you ' re not stressed or anything like no no your blood pressure ' s alright? blood pressure ' s fine yeah it ' s just probably too much cheese and milk and potatoes and bread and stuff like that mm friend our friend down er suffolk he had the same thing and he ' s cut out
143. was gonna oh my reflexes reflexes of a cat oh what was that? oh did you just spill something? where i ' ve been sat no oo i ' ve been sat with the pressure on my penis quite hard now my penis oh that ' s a big shame huh it makes my leg go numb how did it go? wonderful wonderful? have you just got home? haircut? yeah
145. and er because it was under the thames right? yeah course it they had er it was sort of all the air in there was compressed air yeah not much you know but it was er above atmospheric pressure yeah and i said to this guy who was who was interviewing me for the job i says er well you know what about these er you know er er problems with working under compressed air? do you alleviate
152. for something i think it was just a just something quite regular and the doctor said hang on have you er had a erm you know a weight check recently or anything like that blood you know blood pressure whatnot? and she ' s like oh and then he said no no i want to see what you ' re all about and erm and he said to her listen and he gave her a right
155. just it causes instead of make or was i the sa no does it yeah instead of making you fat and diabetic but your mum so they saw you do all that it gives you high blood pressure and heart attacks mm and do you know my blood pressure ' s always been absolutely spot on or if anything low really? yeah yes that ' s good i have low blood pressure mm yeah i have a
156. no does it yeah instead of making you fat and diabetic but your mum so they saw you do all that it gives you high blood pressure and heart attacks mm and do you know my blood pressure ' s always been absolutely spot on or if anything low really? yeah yes that ' s good i have low blood pressure mm yeah i have a i tendency to have low don ' t copy us me
157. gives you high blood pressure and heart attacks mm and do you know my blood pressure ' s always been absolutely spot on or if anything low really? yeah yes that ' s good i have low blood pressure mm yeah i have a i tendency to have low don ' t copy us me and are the same you ' re not doesn ' t count okay your wall ' s signed that was m er mum '
168. ve got such good feet yeah you haven ' t got a s bit of hard skin on them so lucky yeah so did you feel any pain in them at all? where i was working or any pressure or? erm no the well only the the third toe along on this that one yeah yeah i i got like shooting pains in that a bit i ' ve found it on both here mm yeah and
169. ' s not too difficult to it ' s just going back revert back to floodland mm to er easy to let it do it now what they ' re doing that way is to relieve the pressure on coastlines in other areas isn ' t it? mm coastlines in other areas? yes where it ' s eroeroding the coastline if if they let the floods flood plains flood it takes
170. ##s in other areas isn ' t it? mm coastlines in other areas? yes where it ' s eroeroding the coastline if if they let the floods flood plains flood it takes the pressure off the coastlines it ' s the only way you can get release the amount of water coming up tidal water so let it go into the flflood plains rather than try and defend it mm well
176. an hour ' s written exam my word and i have to do thirty minutes coaching to the guy and they assess me on my skills i said blimey that i he said yeah it is high pressure he said so i but let me tell this he said mum they ' ve given me this and he pulls out this waterproof coat with the logo on and it ' s a nice coat with the logo
184. i ' ve got trousers i can get into and what i can ' t when you used to go to the quacks just for a check - up they used to weigh you take your blood pressure and everything don ' t do anything anymore you have to ask dad i asked i asked eh i think that was can i weigh myself he said go and see the nurse if you want to weigh yourself no
186. them inside and out yeah and er and coat them and line them yeah so it ' s er and then er what we yeah what we would be doing is going down er with a s with a pressure washer and so you you ' re inside it? yes a little bit although not too much because normally it ' s oh you didn ' t you couldn ' t walk right through it these? are
187. but we do it because he wants us to do it if it ' s sewage it doesn ' t matter and if it ' s water it ' s gotta be blasted anyway mm at high at high pressure oh does anybody want anything from the shop? no thanks i th no thank you you sure? no no i don ' t i don ' t know well well part of it was saying that ' s
188. clean the pipes because well no and but and are the same he he that ' s and you can see why yeah yeah you you you ' ve gotta you ' ve gotta blast the pipe at high pressure before it ' s and and test ph levels and everything so a little bit of dirt in it now iit it ' s irrelevant we blasted this mm mm mm you ' ve gotta blast it to check
190. down like you know the savoy hotel like rustling up some fr foie gras or something it just seems a bit extreme but yeah they it seems extremely hard to to work in that high - pressure environment in in a big you know proper posh restaurant like it seems there ' s still a kind of like i think i wouldn ' t like sorry yeah when they send it back and it ' s
196. all day well no they ' ve been claiming rain all day and it hasn ' t and now it ' s saying not gonna rain well it ' s because of this i ' m not surprised the pressure ' s dropped quite a bit yeah but i thought but now it ' s going back up again so it ' s gong to decide that that flow ' s come through already but i thought the storm was
197. it ' s erm battering the waves it ' ll fizzle out by the time it gets to us yeah yeah yeah oh right i thought it sort of seems quite i mean i i know pressure moves quicker than like wind if you know what i mean er er cos it ' s not it ' s more complex than that but you still sort of don ' t expect it to be here already
198. ki i this is mushroom stroganoff and as you said it ' s erm mushroom what? stroganoff and earlier mushrooms? is it vegetarian? yes you referred to the cabin pressure yeah thing whe is that when he ' s got erm food poisoning or? er allergy mm hello everybody happy friday happy weekend let me just move these candles so i can see you mm yeah
201. my friend erm our friend erm he a he drank far too much coffee and he got really ill you can and you can exacerbate erm you can do yourself some damage your pressure as well oh if you drink too much coffee you should limit if you that would you ca you should only have one a day it ' s like alcohol it ' s a depressant innit so
202. whatsoever it ' s not your knees and what it is was my hip and because my hip was slightly out of kilter i suppose then you ' re putting it ' s in your leg slightly different pressure on your knees yeah knees are not so much of a problem in mine i don ' t know what it is at first i thought it was like sciatica or something you can get like but it
203. controlled by the himalayas if the himalayas weren ' t there they wouldn ' t have the monsoons that they have crazy isn ' t it? every year it ' s like the low and the high pressure and all that sort of stuff yeah and they get two monsoons and they get like one pushes from up and one pushes down but it ' s completely by the the himalayas it ' s like a base
204. ##test part of this part of wales and like about two miles difference between the two and it ' s just amazing and that ' s just all coming off the coast with the the high and the low pressure yeah it dumps it just off the mountain yeah yeah so it ' s all comes under high pressure and it ' s really nice this side and it it goes over the mountain and you get the the
205. just amazing and that ' s just all coming off the coast with the the high and the low pressure yeah it dumps it just off the mountain yeah yeah so it ' s all comes under high pressure and it ' s really nice this side and it it goes over the mountain and you get the the low yeah dumps it it just dumps on the the other side of the mountain it has that
209. mm i know i know er some people used to i don ' t know the value of it but you know i can see the logic in it used to instead of having say thirty - two pound pressure oh let a bit out yes they ' d let a bit out yes and make it a bit so as it ' s softer a bit spongier yes and er so you know it ' s a
210. that and after a meal and to the or the atenolol mm some medication i ' m taking oh yeah the medication not quite right yes yeah and that see that is to lower the blood pressure yes and it had you know already done it by itself just yes so it didn ' t need any help mm yeah and that ' s it mm and if i ' d have got sat down i '
214. ' re not free and it just oh i was gonna yeah yeah erm so no i don ' t even get to see my sister as much as i should do really no oh no the water pressure ' s ridiculous it ' s either really slow really i ' ve heard swearing in here numerous times as he ' s just done that every time frustrates him i remember when my erm my brother
218. hair go static mm mm it makes me get snotty because i ' m allergic to the air con yeah like no i get a really bad hat headache every time it must be the ai cabin pressure yeah but i get a banging banging headache sinus capsules sometimes help that mm but no i just couldn ' t imagine i could just couldn ' t imagine anything worse waitressing but doing all those things
221. they er er all they did was stretch my leg and er they didn ' t put any hands - on pr you know she kept saying about oh well let ' s mm put some hands - on pressure and stuff like that nothing nothing at all if i wrap i think if i got a huh one of those bandage not a crepe bandage no c you ' re supposed to put no? cold on
228. few days comfortable they ' ve mm taken out erm the antibiotic they ' ve taken out the lung pump they d weren ' t doing any more obs so they were doing no more blood pressure or anything like that they weren ' t feeding him cos they were feeding him intravenously so they ' d taken away all fluid all food so basically they were turning him and swabbing his
229. supposed to be fine like this again tomorrow sunny? yeah sunny but cold well i suppose i suppose got two erm er barometers in his er living room and er it was very high high pressure but they ' re starting to fall now so mm yeah i think we ' re gonna get some rain well out there it ' s always cold we we ' ve got a barometer out there oh have
266. and that was windy like this and the actual greenhouse imploded yeah it all just went in you know the wind mm must have mm what happened that must have been so bad that it made the pressure inside the greenhouse less than the pressure outside and that just went and just imploded and just finished up as a heap of all very neat yeah didn ' t didn ' t splatter all over
267. the actual greenhouse imploded yeah it all just went in you know the wind mm must have mm what happened that must have been so bad that it made the pressure inside the greenhouse less than the pressure outside and that just went and just imploded and just finished up as a heap of all very neat yeah didn ' t didn ' t splatter all over the place we just cleared up the
272. s extraordinary it ' s against the law that ' s i had a great view as it came in to land we could see them all the time chatting away and yeah is this actually that like cabin pressure? that ' s like totally against the law i know mind you er if one of them had started to you know press the thing forward and drive into a mountain you could have dived in there couldn
274. know it ' s probably a load of rubbish as in the body produces too much so yeah too much blood yeah and it has to get rid of it yeah well they say it ' s like a pressure an outlet isn ' t it? yeah for for something like that which so it makes sense if you think doesn ' t it? really yeah he should do some relaxation techniques warm these feet up a bit
275. i massamassage far too low than what i should do because i like to be able to put my weight through my arms yeah so i ' m almost leaning into them for the for the pressure but that isn ' t really doing my back any good yeah mm mm because i ' m bending over too far with the pressure mm could you stand on something have a slight like a long step thing you
276. arms yeah so i ' m almost leaning into them for the for the pressure but that isn ' t really doing my back any good yeah mm mm because i ' m bending over too far with the pressure mm could you stand on something have a slight like a long step thing you can put next to the bed? could do cos i mean i come up and down and you were just slightly higher yeah
277. you were just slightly higher yeah i mean i can lift this up but i don ' t like them to be too high because i then i feel like i ' m not being able to put my pressure through properly mm does that make sense? yeah yeah but if you were actually just standing on something you would actually just be at a different angle and leaning at a different weight onto it yeah that might help
278. it was great where were you s at school? guantanamo? he was an ele the teacher was an elec electrical engineer electrocutioner? electrocutioner see i told you look pressure washer only eighty - nine ninety - nine he put twelve volts through but only a low amplitude so press pressure washer? guess it depends on the amplitude ah look whole fresh leg of lamb that
279. electrical engineer electrocutioner? electrocutioner see i told you look pressure washer only eighty - nine ninety - nine he put twelve volts through but only a low amplitude so press pressure washer? guess it depends on the amplitude ah look whole fresh leg of lamb that would be nice oh they ' ve got some crockery in have they got a gravy jug cos
280. my parents although i ' ve got that i bought that gammon i bought like a gammon joint hey but i was just wondering i suppose be nice you know you could uh you could get a pressure washer patio cleaner incinerator is that is that the one from um let ' s get an incinerator for like chew for chewing gum? eh? chewing gum off the uh yeah one of
282. one of those things it ' s just there to make you feel better well it ' s powder but i mean like seriously that ' s about a litre of powder well no darling they put them under pressure don ' t they? yeah i know but i ' m just saying that ' s like a litre no but doesn ' t matter about the pressure it does fucking doesn ' t does no if you squash
283. litre of powder well no darling they put them under pressure don ' t they? yeah i know but i ' m just saying that ' s like a litre no but doesn ' t matter about the pressure it does fucking doesn ' t does no if you squash something down you can get more of it in don ' t be silly you can ' t make a litre of water go into less than a litre
286. d he put a condom on it was he gonna use it again later or oh oh god yeah blatantly he ' s preserving his ketchup preserving his yeah he needs to really like the pressure like pop the lid or something and just like have ketchup spread uhh ahh no just don ' t put ke i mean there ' s ann summers on every high street in every region yeah
287. like they ' re creating all these medicines for things that actually probably would be be prevented if it is wasn ' t for the world that we live in anyway mm mm mm erm for instance blood pressure medication mm there ' s various names for it cultured meat synthetic meat and shmeat i like shmeat schmeat schmeat and they ' ve already made a burger by
289. it the only thing i ' ve got to leave off is ramipril not ramipril oh lisinopril anything ending with a pril oh i ' m on ramipril blood pressure tablets on ramipril mine ' s lisinopril yeah yeah i ' m on ramipril and that ' s the only one he said and another thing she said to me i suggest she
290. s it ' s yeah it ' s different places but it ' s not it ' s not like a needle that goes in sharp no i they ' re blunt but it just goes into certain points pressure points yeah i had six weeks yeah did you? it did my back good yeah then they twiddled them a bit i ' ve been talking to someone i watched a programme on it had it five
291. like little glass bulbs that are like the shape of a goldfish yeah cupping i think is it yeah yeah but they heat it up and stick it on your on your skin yeah and it pulls the pressure up on your skin and you got all these balls on your on your body oh that looked horrible that did but they said that does a good job as well about time i ' m seeing him do you
292. long is it? especially with this i mean eighteenth of december we ' re only in january yeah it ' s not even a month yeah no it ' s not it ' s nothing to worry about pressure in in this eye this eye yeah he ' s having drops for it and i ' ve mm and i ' ve got to take these drops once a day at night erm for three months i said
293. said it it might clear it up it sort of if you don ' t treat it it could cause glaucoma but it ' s not glaucoma yeah no but it ' s pressure yeah a lot of people have them glasses don ' t they? pressure he we ' re all under pressure under pressure i had a lot of pressure this week she doing alright ain ' t she? i
312. force like a like a where? really deep massage around my neck and my ears okay and on my head they did my eyebrows for ages mm like massaging all the pre you know and all the pressure points that i know mm they did mm all the pressure points and i ' ve not had a whoosh really? since a walked out and the ringing ' s down already so i ' ve bought well
313. my neck and my ears okay and on my head they did my eyebrows for ages mm like massaging all the pre you know and all the pressure points that i know mm they did mm all the pressure points and i ' ve not had a whoosh really? since a walked out and the ringing ' s down already so i ' ve bought well you seem full of energy i have bought compared to hey
314. yeah that ' s my treatment i think you want the sheep? and they want me to have a facial and stuff okay but i don ' t know whether baa they want me to have a pressure point facial yeah which i ' m not sure really cos they don ' t speak much english baa well they what were they sending you stuff? or are they no oh they didn ' t sell
318. and black purple yeah yeah and now they don ' t do that oh really? well no well that must be them tablets you ' ve taken it was the tablets oh i had such a low blood pressure that i wasn ' t blood wasn ' t getting up here you see so you ' re not you ' re completely off them now? yeah yeah i ' m not taking them at all right and i
319. you? you know i haven ' t had an annual check and i did say i do get warpy spells just like dizzy ones when i bend down and the nurse would say well because your blood pressure is is on the low side you see but it was on the too low side because but it may not have been last year but it is now cos i that was worse this year when i took
320. when i went to there the pipe from the shower to the shower head mm is leaking obviously that if that ' s leaking the shower ain ' t gonna work cos it ' s gonna drop the pressure so when we came round we said have you told them about the shower? and she said yeah you said you ' d get us a pipe now i think if they were intelligent they ' d they would
322. ? i think really? i don ' t know but what this was i think they they get the carcass when they cut the joints off it and then they hose it down with a high pressure jet and what that removes is a sort of sludge of meat off the bones eh huh and i think that ' s mechanically removed meat and it ends up in eh beef burgers and sausages and
323. many spiders i would say it ' s probably more comfortable than sleeping in a a tent but eh true which i have done within the last twelve months with the cadets and did you did you get the pressure cooker out and make a meal? oh no no we usually have cold meals em you don ' t really want to do too much cooking i think in a confined space mm i think dad enjoys his
324. out and make a meal? oh no no we usually have cold meals em you don ' t really want to do too much cooking i think in a confined space mm i think dad enjoys his his pressure cooker on the boat oh does he? yeah has he got a pressure cooker on the boat i i haven ' t seen that and he ' s got a recipe book for pressure cooker cooking
325. you don ' t really want to do too much cooking i think in a confined space mm i think dad enjoys his his pressure cooker on the boat oh does he? yeah has he got a pressure cooker on the boat i i haven ' t seen that and he ' s got a recipe book for pressure cooker cooking but in the summer we ' re quite happy with cold meals true although he
326. his his pressure cooker on the boat oh does he? yeah has he got a pressure cooker on the boat i i haven ' t seen that and he ' s got a recipe book for pressure cooker cooking but in the summer we ' re quite happy with cold meals true although he seems to just survive on mars bars mars bars and drambuie it ' s nice so em i think
328. six tonight again er the chemist are they? they mm don ' t half goodness me put some time in mm mm them lot mm they do well it ' s to well i take a bit of pressure of a and e and everything well it does yes they ' re asking it does people not to go but what they go to a and e for and what they dial these oh it ' s crackers
329. ? he had a fainty do didn ' t he? oh he ' s been getting these after eating he ' s been getting feeling faint and he ' s had a bit of trouble with blood pressure oh so he rang them and they went through all sorts of things with him and er and they said they ' d ring back in twelve hours anyway they rang him back about he went in about eleven o
330. sorts of things with him and er and they said they ' d ring back in twelve hours anyway they rang him back about he went in about eleven o ' clock at night and they took his blood pressure and everything and he was fine so he was alright he was b but you ' re better doing it aren ' t you? yeah cos that ' s can be a sign of er diabetes yeah yeah
332. fibrillation and all that and course he erm got the doctor out who prescribed him antibiotics but before the antibiotics came up from the chemist he suddenly became all incoherent and his blood pressure dropped to his boots and his pulse was racing and his and he couldn ' t stand up and he was just lying there so called the paramedics well called the nine nine nine the paramedic
334. ? i i think i might be now that i ' ve started on the rubbish tip yeah as much as you can any other time you want us to come and do it getting rid of that that pressure washer yeah well done yeah mm that ' s brilliant yeah yes i ' ve got rid of all my records will it fit in our car? it might wants it reckons ' ll have it well
335. t i don ' t gamble just just wait till you ' ve got a a whole pile of stuff and then ring them and they ' ll come and get it all mm but if can do that pressure washer i ' ll be more than pleased to get rid of it right we ' ll go we ' ll go up we ' ll head up now is daddy ready? yeah and don ' t forget
336. the tip? just no give it when ' s come give them the lot give them that? give them anything yeah oh yeah okay we ' re going up to my house to get right okay the pressure washer and i ' ve got something for you we ' ll touch base there then can i have the your card garden card? you see people might want furniture to put in a shed do you know
337. decrease oxidised ldl cholesterol in men it also increased hdl and and lowered ldl in men with elevated cholesterol mm erm and it improves blood flow and lowers blood pressure and of course it ' s an antioxidant mm erm what else has she put in here? it may improve brain function is that? does it does it make the tea as well?
339. him off the tablets completely and he ' s been feeling fine he ' s been brilliant ever since mm so he ' s been well you see the tablets they could be you know sort of high blood pressure tablets yeah which may have pushed his blood pressure down so low that he felt dizzy down low that ' s right yeah you know? yeah but i mean you don ' t know yeah he wouldn ' t
340. been feeling fine he ' s been brilliant ever since mm so he ' s been well you see the tablets they could be you know sort of high blood pressure tablets yeah which may have pushed his blood pressure down so low that he felt dizzy down low that ' s right yeah you know? yeah but i mean you don ' t know yeah he wouldn ' t have known you know no how much better he
344. mm yeah we could ' ve done but it ' s enough ain ' t it? but er er i dunno about these blooming doctors you know this all this thing about erm high blood pressure weren ' t there? yeah they were putting everyone on statins yeah then suddenly someone come along and said statins well actually you don ' t need to do that no you know all you need to
345. s what the statins were for that ' s it yeah mm cholesterol and they said something like oh you know this is your weight this is your height this is this this is your blood pressure this is oh you ' ve got you know something like high cholesterol fifty - six percent chance of dying o er having a heart attack cos of your cholesterol better put you on stat
347. ? is it the end of the world? yeah it ' s it ' s been going above scotland oh yeah and it ' s come down yeah that ' s a different stream and the the high pressure below it you see ryanair cos that ' s what keeps us warm the gulf stream yeah yeah there ' s there ' s a different stream we ' re talking about we ' re on the same
348. like dad got the water sorted out i think but we ' ve got an electric shower because of the farm sometimes like if they ' re power washing or something we just get horrendous water pressure so oh like a dribble so yeah it comes out a dribble and it ' s really hot and it ' ll go stronger if you put it round down to the cold but yeah it
349. ##ble so yeah it comes out a dribble and it ' s really hot and it ' ll go stronger if you put it round down to the cold but yeah it ' s and when the pressure is right it ' s freezing cold yeah it ' s fucking minging but he ' s got it sorted now cos but if if they are power washing we ' re still still fucked i i the
350. was one of the apparatuses that the ot brought with yeah to try for granny and told me since on the phone that it granny couldn ' t cope with it oh really? because because of the pressure on her knees from it mm but said go ahead and let them try get the ot in and try the apparatus so i i did s but i did say um that this apparatus th um might not be
357. it ' s really bizarre you can you can feel it i ' m not gonna ask what it feels like cos obviously if feels like you ' ve got air feels just like it ' s like pressure because it gets it ' s like in the eyelid and it ' s like pressure almost like a ball of water but you know it ' s not water yeah i think i ' ve sorted it but
358. what it feels like cos obviously if feels like you ' ve got air feels just like it ' s like pressure because it gets it ' s like in the eyelid and it ' s like pressure almost like a ball of water but you know it ' s not water yeah i think i ' ve sorted it but i feel like i ' ve got a little bit of a you popped your eye?
360. lot on the sort of five ' s and thing so it means if you but drop it on its side it ' s the glass bit is sort of exposed to being yeah taking a lot of the pressure well pressure the energy and sort of yeah i take your point yeah whatever you call it yeah well come on your the one doing physics i haven ' t studied physics since i was your age pretty much that
361. the sort of five ' s and thing so it means if you but drop it on its side it ' s the glass bit is sort of exposed to being yeah taking a lot of the pressure well pressure the energy and sort of yeah i take your point yeah whatever you call it yeah well come on your the one doing physics i haven ' t studied physics since i was your age pretty much that doesn '
362. and a y axis and the further away from the point of origin the better the card yeah you really are a mathematician at heart okay now all i ' m thinking of is er that bit in cabin pressure and i started three months ago with a cheese sandwich cheese sandwich oh dear is the sort of person who wouldn ' t end up buying them at all but would still end up with the largest collection i do
363. three months ago with a cheese sandwich cheese sandwich oh dear is the sort of person who wouldn ' t end up buying them at all but would still end up with the largest collection i do like cabin pressure of course you would be heartless not to that was erm helsinki wasn ' t it? yes cos it was the cos he was er taking the orchids to his friends milo and there
364. i might have a look in a minute yeah mm i wonder if the new loo ' s there now mm have you seen it lately? but says that it still fills up slowly cos the pressure ' s so weak mm well at least it ' ll flush properly and it ' ll be sparklingly clean yes yes apparently coca - cola ' s really good for cleaning toilets is it? it ' s
365. view of all of us of course yeah ah now you see it is it ' s i mean it it clears the window frame oh yes yeah er you you don ' t have a lot of water pressure no right so it ' s er it it ' s it is quite slow to fill up but it flushes it does flush and you ' ve got the facility of just doing a half flush which '
366. so erm but i don ' t know where the cold feed for the bath and the sink comes from yeah how it gets there maybe it runs under the floorboards from the same area but the pressure ' s good it ' s a different pressure yeah the pressure ' s better is it? er it ' s er is it er quite different yeah? yeah i suppose it is ac well the bath '
367. where the cold feed for the bath and the sink comes from yeah how it gets there maybe it runs under the floorboards from the same area but the pressure ' s good it ' s a different pressure yeah the pressure ' s better is it? er it ' s er is it er quite different yeah? yeah i suppose it is ac well the bath ' s not that good er well the bath is
368. feed for the bath and the sink comes from yeah how it gets there maybe it runs under the floorboards from the same area but the pressure ' s good it ' s a different pressure yeah the pressure ' s better is it? er it ' s er is it er quite different yeah? yeah i suppose it is ac well the bath ' s not that good er well the bath is hopeless you can
369. would like to announce that that flush is very good yes it was very quick a lot of suction really? yeah and just good one one press yeah and gone no no having to exert any pressure or and no sort of pumping of the thing like that there you go yeah very good excellent yeah really good erm and i allowed to help? i dunno who ' s in the lead? yeah
370. press the button and it flushes again yeah yes yeah exactly yours was like ah oh yeah you know but that was yeah such a gentle flush as well it was just pressing a button but no physical pressure no exactly and i think i think like the big button for a number twos should we say exactly erm if you press it and hold your finger on it oh and hold it down it it like
376. listen when i go home and see what you say you ' re gonna be disappointed i feel like er however much er if i just do it yeah yeah it ' s restarted again he told me had pressure pressure i ' m surprised he he was saying that erm he was anxious you know he he they went through a se a session being anxious about things things have settled down now at uni and he
377. when i go home and see what you say you ' re gonna be disappointed i feel like er however much er if i just do it yeah yeah it ' s restarted again he told me had pressure pressure i ' m surprised he he was saying that erm he was anxious you know he he they went through a se a session being anxious about things things have settled down now at uni and he feels
381. re getting those plastic bank notes in this country now did have you seen them? let ' s have a look it ' s plastic does it yeah but aren ' t we getting them on friday cabin pressure form after that ' s from australia where should we cash it didn ' t we do the wh smith the post office i would wait until the pound ' s a bit weaker yeah yeah it ' s
395. ##usely bleeding i saw it there was the tiniest bit of blood once you ' d dabbed it with the tea with the kitchen roll for a little bit only cos i got i got pressure on it straight away do not exaggerate you hypochondriac oh no i i well yelled through and went he ' s bleeding it hurt at the time that was as close as i
397. petrol was the pump was working yeah anand did it come out the the spout into the tank sort of thing? the tank was filling as per normal but all of a sudden there was a huge pressure on my hand and the pump almost jumped out of the car you know where you put it and the petrol squirted up yeah yeah yeah yes and the petrol spurted up gosh but had you
401. ##o i see i don ' t think she ' d been pregnant that long she ' s been pregnant for a long time she was pregnant when everyone was supposed to be going to ireland and her blood pressure dropped so she wasn ' t allowed to fly er but that was all because she was pregnant yeah and ever since then ' s just like been rubbish i think ' s what was? was what i think
402. ##umatism or whatever thing they ' re doing it for but apparently like um you can get these ones that you wear for sea sickness yeah but it ' s not made of copper but it has like pressure points yeah i don ' t know if they work either though i don ' t th i don ' t know if you can cure take these out and then put them over there am i in the way
403. erm if you if they come right after you they can do this thing where they like basically they put like this plastic sheet on the thing oh and so they can see what the last four the pressure cos of the cos you leave heat marks or something yeah or actually it ' s an app it ' s an app so that if they hold their phone over the erm payment thing it can
410. i can ' t oh you know a pipe is a pipe they ' ve gotta they ' ve gotta flush it through before they use it anyway you have to you know bung water through at high pressure which cleans out all the rubbish tests all the joints i mean that ' s standard procedure and i am assuming it ' s a drinking water pipe if it ' s sewerage well there ' s even
411. about your job that the the thing you did before you were erm retired? and erm you ' re an instrument technician now can you tell me what that entailed? yes anything from pressure gauges to control systems mostly pneumatic but some of it electronic what part of the job did you like the best? all of it really? can you spl stipulate? you liked
412. beet yeah er but yeah you can only grow it under licence? oh and yeah it ' s quite a process to extract it it ' s not easy they have to put it in these low pressure cookers and that extracts the sugar somehow with water don ' t c oh boils at a very funny temperature very low temperature i suppose oh mm you find it? yes i have yeah that ' s
415. sometimes if you get to the end of a night and you haven ' t kissed somebody it ' s a bit like ah i know i know i know don ' t you just wanna kiss somebody? pressure i know that ' s was like i used to like judge my night cos if i hadn ' t got it yeah then that was a shit night because yeah crap night there was no one there so
416. desk even cos i thought maybe if i strap it up it ' ll be fine but it swells by the afternoon and whether that ' s just sitting in that position so you ' re putting pressure on your leg and yeah i don ' t know i don ' t know just give it time if it hasn ' t improved much more in another month i ' ll go back to the doctor ' s
417. him at all oh feel quite sorry for him really i it ' s she did say something completely odd to him she asked me how it was going with the rest of them in the afternoon how his pressure was and then she said to him i said oh he does do it but we just have to remind him to go on his side sometimes cos he mm takes the pillow up goes into the back and
418. all the time i ' m thinking mm bit harsh don ' t you think? i suggest you do that otherwise you ' re going to die was basically what she was saying unless his sister had bad pressure sores had bad sores no she didn ' t cos oh she he s she said your s before she had said your sister never had one pressure sore all the time i cared for her she
419. she was saying unless his sister had bad pressure sores had bad sores no she didn ' t cos oh she he s she said your s before she had said your sister never had one pressure sore all the time i cared for her she made a real point of it in front of me so i was mm like well he ' s not really i mean he ' s got he ' s had
420. well he ' s not really i mean he ' s got he ' s had a red area that ' s got a scar it ' s just a scar yeah mm he ' s never had a pressure sore has he? i said to i said to her i don ' t think it ' s going to heal it mm looks like a s it looks like a scar mm more like a scar now mm
421. ah yeah but it hurts but it ' s no it ' s a different kind of hurt isn ' t it it ' s a it ' s a nice hurt it ' s like pressing all the pressure points yeah i quite like it on the beach yeah i don ' t that ' s awful walking on peb pebbles? well the little ones it ' s not like you ' re walking on fire it
422. quite possibly had because cos he ' s trying he ' s really trying with his diabetes and in actual fact he ' d had another test cos i asked him how it was and his blood pressure was fine mm that was all under control now they ' ve changed the tablets and the diabetes he was he was down er what ' s the number they give you? i don ' t know the number
423. know checking each child as they went in to make sure they weren ' t too er strong too strong yeah excuse me can you just squeeze on this er this er this tube for me? yeah this pressure sensor yes mm ah mm alright? yeah ankle hurts your other ankle? or just the no no the yeah right the actual ankle yeah it ' s presumably just because you ' re walking differently mm some holiday
426. ' ll have one then as long as i ' m not depriving anyone of them you ' re not depriving anyone pressured housing containing a gas or fluid uhu that ' s positive pressure yeah pressure higher than the surroundings yeah one function of the plenum is so the mill pond is higher than the mill and therefore has a higher pressure than the water at the mill that makes sense science
427. have one then as long as i ' m not depriving anyone of them you ' re not depriving anyone pressured housing containing a gas or fluid uhu that ' s positive pressure yeah pressure higher than the surroundings yeah one function of the plenum is so the mill pond is higher than the mill and therefore has a higher pressure than the water at the mill that makes sense science science mm
428. gas or fluid uhu that ' s positive pressure yeah pressure higher than the surroundings yeah one function of the plenum is so the mill pond is higher than the mill and therefore has a higher pressure than the water at the mill that makes sense science science mm thank you dad for enlightening me i miss your regular enlightenments living away from home now daily science updates daily science updates yeah you learn
431. getting a new shower actually i don ' t know i know it ' s well she wasn ' t going to but i think she might it depends how much money and that what ' s your water pressure like? well it ' s an electric shower it ' s like no i don ' t i mean er i don ' t know say you ' re running the sh you ' re running the bath water
432. good no it ' s not very good it ' s quite weak it ' s quite weak cos you could have a shower like in mine where it ' s attached to the taps yeah my water pressure ' s good though so it comes out really strong well the plumber was like yeah your shower ' s like an antique it ' s like it ' s so weird it ' s like got these strings
433. pursued by a shark like quick quick but if they did that really yeah well you have to be really deep though i think to get it oh right to have that as a consideration oh like when the pressure like you but you can hardly really feel it when you go down there can ' t you? yeah cos it ' s gotta be like very deep yeah i mean you are you have gotta be far
434. go into a decompression thing in the bottom of the ship and they have oh like a bell or something that that the the air is but the the people who condensed it ' s under pressure the people who dive for pearls they go down quite far i think it ' s cos they ' re not down there for long and they oh cos they don ' t even take a tank yeah
435. submarine don ' t you? yeah so that ' s when the divers are going if they ' ve been down for hours they have to go into a decompression unit oh which then the pressure ' s controlled in that area they they spend it so they have to kind of pretty much they may live in there if they ' re doing diving over a couple of weeks yeah then when they come up

