Cluster 1
0. all the data that it ' s accumulated looking for that word and then finding all the variations of it could improve its accuracy is your six - pack like that? but perhaps they ' re getting the information to find the different variations of it maybe they don ' t have all the variations of the word come on let ' s go and put the washing out is your six - pack like that? oh my
1. ' d just leave her to it yeah the worst thing you could do she ' ll talk to you when she ' s ready mm yeah the worst thing you could do is to try and chase chase information out of her yeah but when she comes to you just listen to her and don ' t don ' t forget about it cos i think boys have a tendency to for when something like that happens to
2. he ' s fallen deeply in love with her in a matter of moments mm and believing this shit though it ' s the it ' s not just the believing it ' s the way he delivers the information mm like so we ' re both sat here and he said you know the thing i told you so for like ten minutes i ' m like well i know what you ' re talking about yeah i '
3. ' m thinking yeah do you know what i mean? you would never say that mm one it ' s rude cos there ' s someone else here two you ' ve already been privy to this information anyway yeah do you know what i mean? it ' s just that that drip feeding of building up the suspense like it ' s a play like it ' s not yeah yeah mm mm if you were
4. that you know we thought she was pregnant mm and you know she ' s lost the baby you would you would be so if you actually was gutted yeah yeah yeah you wouldn ' t drip feed information for the attention that ' s really weird do you know what i mean? just the mm the whole thing ' s very strange he likes the drama i think that ' s what it is he ' s
6. oh my god in the evenings you know like it ' s er school isn ' t enough is it like you ' re a child you ' re brain is a sponge you ' re constantly yeah absorbing information so you know don ' t just put them in front of the tv he said he went round the other day and he was reading a book with his son the girls said like oh dad we ' re
10. t go in and worse stay which could be ruinous? he says he ' s never been able to hold on to facts ever and i believe him it ' s as if his brain seizes information without being able to hang on to any of it says he doesn ' t fake it i ' m a genuine honest person and i don ' t hide anything well yeah are you gonna have some of these
12. at work? i did i said it ' s all started for me over christmas so the boys were like well they ' re quite they look and i said i know it ' s probably too much information i said but i don ' t wanna be embarrassed so at least if you lot know what ' s going on and i get up to open a win well was laughing like so then we were having and
13. ##s the wall had been painted god you couldn ' t have a war like the s the second world war now there would be no use taking signs signposts down anymore would it? with that information out there people would know exactly where they ' re going now damn if they wanted to invade i ' ve lost my i dunno if i like it everything being what here? my parents ' house?
15. they are quite appreciative so that ' s good so i like that part mm but what what was the? so what did you do masters? em well my masters in library inf information management right my undergraduate degree was in business and it right so when i first start actually when i first started working for the library it was only just a temporary thing oh right em and then it i is
16. working here mm and em i remember i started working as a liaison assistant mm and i really enjoyed the job so that ' s when i decided that i could go ahead mm and do the masters in information and library and information management so what was liaison thing? what ' s that job? em liaison assistant it was just working for the liaison offices right em and it was a lot of sort of admin
17. em i remember i started working as a liaison assistant mm and i really enjoyed the job so that ' s when i decided that i could go ahead mm and do the masters in information and library and information management so what was liaison thing? what ' s that job? em liaison assistant it was just working for the liaison offices right em and it was a lot of sort of admin things and you know
19. don ' t get our hopes up i did an msc module oh did you? yeah he did no that was your original no no that was the librarian c the oh that one the erm yeah information science yeah yeah yeah yeah at he did yeah that ' s when my overdraft was so large i got it extended to pay for the course is that nice darling that fire? come on open up
22. of course relevant to the area oh yeah yes relevant to the area the bridge at remagen and er yeah we saw so you have all that sort of a bridge too far and ev all the information that you need is usually on the television if you watch it yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah but i mean i don ' t mean we sat in and watched telly what we did was after lunch we went
27. ' t actually need that you can put that stuff elsewhere can ' t you? but it ' s all going to fall apart if i don ' t have anything to leave it in is it important information in there? i guess some of it is it ' s got like my account number and account details do you have a folder you can put it in with your other like your degree certificate and that kind
29. mm i suppose if the door come the summer when the door ' s left open they ' ll be able to wander in and out at will oh i have no idea mm it ' s too much information to be able to understand um in such a small screen yes quite i really find that with those mm tiny screens i i couldn ' t get on with them at all to view a whole web page yes
30. and all through the night? no sometimes it ' s just a piddle please comment no advice or your thoughts before i go to my that ' s so bladder problems that ' s so much too information as i can ' t she ' s probably got a uti or something yeah a uti or a nine month pregnant yeah no no it ' s erm and it says as i can ' t
32. ' t get it and i just managed to stop myself before i you must have looked dead cute going down little twins one just starting to drown anyone else had some cracking holidays? no is that enough information? i think we ' re finished we might have to do a new topic it ' s been like nine minutes we ' ve got like another eleven minutes to go still ten minutes you can talk about another
36. seem to enjoy coaching anyway though does he? no he doesn ' t is he a good coach when he does coach? yeah well he he knows enough doesn ' t he because he just relays information that he ' s been told over the years doesn ' t he? he ' s had a lot of information given to him quite he ' s bright isn ' t he? so yeah does he do
37. coach? yeah well he he knows enough doesn ' t he because he just relays information that he ' s been told over the years doesn ' t he? he ' s had a lot of information given to him quite he ' s bright isn ' t he? so yeah does he do more technical coaching than you do do you think? it ' s hard to do technical coaching in a group session
41. ' m using this correctly it might have been even phenomenological wow because she did a study of her fellow students on the third year of the criminology course yes to see whether the information on crime and justice had altered their er opinions on er punishment and rehabilitation and things like that but did she do it before and after? er i think she compared it with people who were non crimi
42. really struggle to think of erm day - to - day jobs that they mm do that would mm require detailed erm quantitative or qualitative methods no but they ' re gonna be in an information environment where things will come at them yeah and they have to understand and oh i agree with all that i wa i mean i i i mean i think in some ways the the cleverer ones amongst them
44. to mm to b to buy this library and to sort of educate themselves i think that ' s oh with the internet though there ' s not really any excuse no yeah was absolutely no excuse all the information was out there and i don ' t i i really don ' t like this sort of ideology that you have to be spoon - fed everything oh could have just just read the bbc pages that would have
45. tells them what to think and it ' s well and also it removes the state in which to think because they fill it with entertainment i think maybe also they ' re the readiness like the availability of information having it so readily available like all the time can can breed laziness because it ' s you think oh i can look that up i can look that up and people never do no it ' s
46. the time can can breed laziness because it ' s you think oh i can look that up i can look that up and people never do no it ' s er you know the difference between information and knowledge isn ' t it? yeah i mean knowledge and understanding and understanding er cos i remember when i was young and i was you know the only person ever to go into higher education in the
47. gets an equal say so you know how you know how do we do that? and you think you know but but so many things are unequal yeah well like understanding and it is but access to information i ' m not sure about access to information we can ' t everybody i mean in this country like if you grew up in the valleys and you didn ' t you know you you ' re your background
48. know how do we do that? and you think you know but but so many things are unequal yeah well like understanding and it is but access to information i ' m not sure about access to information we can ' t everybody i mean in this country like if you grew up in the valleys and you didn ' t you know you you ' re your background your family background it makes a difference to your
53. just it doesn ' t really work like that in you know like you said it ' s er it didn ' t compromise her well ability to to have people tune in and watch her and convey the information and you know and let ' s face it who the hell watches countryfile for the totty? exactly yeah yeah it was a stupid decision anyway whatever way you look at it but she did make
54. a he ' s he ' s the professional network coordinator um yeah shall i um do you want number one? er yes please what ' s that job? um he he kind of er sends out information to the um the people who were interested as you know so kind of graduates who are interested if you like right um so er well no people who are in industry now yeah working as engineers who still wanna
55. in six months later yeah i mean i think the point er the the their sort of their purpose is that you teach people what how to do it themselves and you also teach them how to get the information themselves so they can stay up to date so that you don ' t need to go back yes but the point being that actually it ' s very patronizing but yeah you can pay er one person to
56. at the next roundabout we ' re gonna go right which is the third exit instead of going straight over okay? okay how far ' s that roundabout? um not far along maybe a mile okay again information is good okay sure yeah you need to provide it i ' m hoping that we ' ll be able to join the a66 at the next junction down er yeah so we want the a67 here
62. called oh and yes i was on the phone a long while but he sent an email and he looked at it and he went well hmrc documents he said you know they ' re better than the information you ' re actually send in yourself he says because that ' s correct and up to date oh so he obviously must have pinged or put me on hold mm and he come back very quickly and he
64. these er new laptops and er windows is that they are trying to extract information from you all the time if you notice that erm computers constantly engaging with the internet so yeah they ' re taking information off you that ' s why i don ' t like so yeah i get the same with my phone right it ' s always saying you know data will be trans you know data will be shared with this
65. s a huge amount of administration that comes with it and then on my side you know all the books and the website and texts and videos and erm all kind of variety of erm of presenting information really and knowledge and so it ' s a huge thing and a lot of people are involved you know so it ' s just like ta you know as anything does you know it kind of grows organically
66. fancy that thing? no i ' m alright just with the fruit thank you yeah? say where the farm is? farm where ' s that? i dunno that ' s just got no more information than that so we passed the caravan park and there ' s erm a restaurant there mm and a shop and then we went to and found the londis looked quite nice the caravan park though up
67. rules page yeah? yeah it ' s the oh when it says the rules that you should er reveal everything mm hm is it only if you ' re asked? or do you have to get that information out read it? probably maybe try and get it out the other way you can ' t you could have i ' m not looking at i ' m not looking at the other but you ' re not
72. mm i mean a lot those those erm global books and things like that mm where you ' ve got they seem to be more where you ' ve got a really interesting topic mm with some interesting information this is and then discuss it this was this clil book that i saw at at but it was it some of the topi it looked like it was designed for a sixth form so some of the
73. one of my other questions which keeps coming up again and again and again oh no that ' s not relevant actually so one of the things he did was he gave us this list of ways to represent information that state school teachers use all the time uhu and asked us to try and work out what what each of them were erm this was my favourite so this is this is a tree diagram this was
74. isn ' t it? oh but looking at that i did kind of read it and think oh yes what withheld lots of things that ' s so true and lots of things use to build power information used to build power big time yeah mainly down definitely oh that ' s bad look at that that ' s all of them i know i know i was looking down this side didn ' t even get to
80. tell me any of that i yeah whatever think i did no you didn ' t didn ' t didn ' t at all think i did di you didn ' t i ' d remember see i remember information okay go on anyway erm because she found out cos i bought some shoes er like running shoes and she found out that that i was size eight yeah but she bought size ten she went come and
83. having sex will reduce his size? yeah basically i don ' t understand why anyone would go through it it ' s ridiculous what? oh fuck me eleven grand trust me i don ' t need that information i ' m not gonna do this give me the lecture on penis enlargement got serious mental problems if you want to get this done is it worth it? you ' re not gonna gain your money
87. yeah overshot that one overshot this one yes i mean hopefully you ' re unfamiliar fun to unfamiliar road talking and the sat nav ' s screaming at you as well it ' s too much information coming in well nowadays it seems with the sat navs that people cannot pay as much attention to you get caught talking whereas i think before the sat navs probably at the time dad ' ve been like
88. and could exude so many different smells like a cuttlefish sees in different colours and like changing its body its colour if we released different smells for different things and it was able to communicate enough information it would effectively look like telepathy yes it would look like i ' m just standing here and i ' m able to read things yes that are going off in your body but i ' m picking
89. will just update as soon as you do it as far as i ' m aware tea mm where did they do it? no i think it ' s still in date well they ' ve got this information off the medal ' s card i imagine oh yes yes yes i think it is yeah cos that was that was my dad ' s one mm and they are sort of starting to try and find other
90. was that was my dad ' s one mm and they are sort of starting to try and find other things like which battles they were in and that sort of thing mm i think quite a lot of information was lost in the second world war but i doubt if anybody would ' ve brought it back yeah that ' s what i ' ve been told they ' ve always looked after place in er yeah er they
91. it ' ll save you going to the bank be able to get er car taxed now as well i think i just hope it does the trick i ' ve found out some some good yes some information to advantage isn ' t it? mm then you just have to yeah couldn ' t without it on his feet that ' s why er business day isn ' t it? business day mm and then of
92. an old coal - mine in yorkshire then oh man i mean don ' t joke give me a ti we can estimate a timescale of two to six weeks slash four to six weeks for this information she said oh let me just see if i can do that i though oh my god if she gets me on your life is hold she ' s gonna disappear yeah forever um she well and by the time
96. look it did though are you trying to be funny? no yes you are you ' re just doing exactly what we were talking about in english no yeah you actually just did no rubbish information the rubbish information is great half of what i say is rubbish that ' s very true you know i ' m joking anywhos erm i went out i went i came down to on wednesday yeah? yeah oh
100. ' s the way you have you think ain ' t it? you er yeah it ' s it ' s all training your brain ain ' t it? yeah you take you ' ve gotta take information on i mean how many people use algebra? but we had to learn it mm it ' s just like you know you you ' ve got you ' ve gotta learn it yeah you know you ' ve
101. it ' s so mean it ' s like the meanest thing you can say cos it ' s not like it ' s not just like i had a bad experience that that ' s the information i ' m giving you it ' s like don ' t go to this place and like everybody boycott this place it ' s like someone it ' s like like it ' s like so extreme like i
102. ? i think there ' s some ibuprofen in er in that bowl we ' ve got something i ' ll take some with with this sandwich aye i ' m going toilet thanks for that information oh for a poo? no shh no for a wee oh right i thought we were gonna send him out to the i ' m so glad that we recorded that give someone a laugh whoever '
105. going to fly by isn ' t it? yeah it ' s good that you ' ve got your accommodation agreement yeah that ' s a relief it ' s quite exciting when you get that kind of information yeah it was more exciting when i got accepted yeah well when you got back? when you got back from yeah and i got did you get the grades you were hoping for in the end? what was
106. came back from your christmas and you were like yeah it ' s really nice i got these presents my cousin and by the way i ' m joining the navy that ' s what happened which piece of information do i first cousin? navy? right and i said to my dad i need to get an answer to this question cos the first thing people say when they find out is why do you want to
108. can ' t watch it any other way mm enjoy it as part of an audience yeah which is nice but which is nice but it but it ' s not the only way that we can get that information yeah is it? so it ' s just good sometimes if you ' ve missed something to watch it later down the line so last night for the first time and i actually said oh can you tell me
109. so this is yes and this how we get the students to tell us what they want so we do our market research by getting students involved in telling us what they want yes we get we get that information and we kind of cherry - pick the bits that we think are useful for us and yeah in terms of moving into the academic realm and hobnobbing with the right people that means going to conferences
110. money so that we can run our own student film festival mm uh - mm mm right and so if you look at where you start from yeah there you ' ve gotta create some kind of database of information to start with and that you need to find a mechanism to spread your message before you start yeah yeah so there are certain lead elements before you actually go live with the stuff that you ' re doing okay
111. having say ten interviews available no right? i didn ' t say ten er you said ten i never said ten er okay so when you start erm what kind of frequency do you want to publish information on to keep up the momentum? i dunno well you tell me what do you think ' s beneficial? well erm you could start with weekly you know so you ' re doing one per week
112. well i ' ve got a couple of weeks left i need to start creating some more videos so then i ' ve got a buffer mm of more right? erm and you ' ll find that information will come in that you ' ll want to try and adapt with mm to try and help streamline a few things and what have you all sorts of systems you need to make sure are set up yeah
116. version of many years later but i wonder if there ' s you know might even be a role for kind of republishing it or yeah reimagining it with with this kind of information in it for women so not just about interesting cos your age there must be all kinds of interesting ways that you could do that actually yeah and i mean i read when i was having when i started
119. implemented properly like you know using the eye scanner or a finger print scan right yeah um you ' d have you would have a massive database but the the the trick of it is that only the relevant information is available to each person like yeah the the guy who wants your medical records like a doctor yeah he can ' t see your criminal records yeah similarly you know yeah the passport guy customers can ' t see
121. your iris scan yeah uh and everybody ' d but they do they do link but they would have something very sh uh have to be uh very uh careful to make sure that you can ' t access information that you ' re not allowed to have yeah but they do link your your fingerprints now with your passport cos mine mine when i went as i say when i went to america they did that there yeah
122. told us about it in the first place so then i was like oh i emailed the lady but they didn ' t email me back mm mm and she was like oh well there ' s some information here oh well ask her about it and then i got home and i checked my email and she had emailed me back the other day whoops whoops ah yeah it was it was at the weekend
123. ' d already written like a similar kind of essay yeah and it was only like two thousand words so i was like i ' m gonna read it and see like if i can use any of the information or just like find out the sources or something and i was reading it just like cringing i was like yeah i ' m so sorry for writing that yeah and then like correcting like the th the
128. er oh really good that sounds interesting but like he ' s the guy that people think wrote all of shakespeare ' s plays oh really? yeah oh that ' s fun yeah i have all this useless information yeah but still you had fun oh oh can ' t remember my friend ' s name who i forgot she ' s doing english lit now apparently they have to read a book a week yeah what? yeah
130. really wasn ' t very good at spanish and i can ' t do learning by myself and then when we tried to drop out miss was like so you ' re just being spoon - fed all the information is that it? and we were like yeah yeah i was so annoyed at that time what was cos she wa she said that she was gonna stay in language futures with me and then the next day
132. ' re still learning you ' re not you can ' t you know i ' ve only got to sit down and read a textbook for an hour and i start to get tired and i stop taking information in so it ' s completely pointless yeah like it ' s not making them any more intelligent or anything it ' s just very competitive so it ' s a shame see that ' s the one of the
138. be appreciative if it ' s no they won ' t they will get in the car and like they ' re fucking weirdos what ' s wrong with that? it ' s an information pack shall we hand them out at the door when they leave? well you know i would like to know how much i would be paying in bills yeah if i moved into a place well we were pretty
139. twist don ' t do that she ' s eating the cardboard i ' m i ' m ready again that ' s good cos i missed you teaching me i used to rely on you for my information with like stuff like that the propaganda stuff basically you ' re my you ' re my tutor in that oh ow ow what do you wanna do? er what do you want to go to er what time
140. ? yeah i think because obviously he ' s in canada i think he sat up and watched it yeah that ' s well he was probably sat at his desk yeah he was probably in work watching the information coming in coming coming coming and i said well we didn ' t stay up we went to bed we just heard the news yes we ' re out interesting night yes well what ' s your view on it
141. matter how it ' s written hence the tabloid press like they get obviously i mean it doesn ' t mean how it comes out if there ' s a juicy bit of fact or juicy bit of controversial information then you know often it just gets put out regardless of you know the writing but then sometimes you just feel it now cos i read so much more than i used to and i read a lot of
142. you what colours it grows yeah? and the the flowers mm yes and no he ' s he ' s fantastic he ' s he ' s er well in in everything he ' s a mine of information as a child mm we used to sit sometimes with a dictionary this was our entertainment yeah yeah sit with a dictionary and go right yeah dad what does this word mean? mm and he knew every single word
144. m a visual person i like photography i ' m interested in video stuff it ' s feasible that we do erm some kind of element of erm er not film - based but documentary - based information that could be delivery of whatever product in that media digitally online to whatever audience okay? so what ' s that called then? as a as an overarching word as a er er well you could
156. it it ' s fucking hilarious fucking tulisa and her trout pout i know what the fuck does that say? my granny ' s a what? it ' s what? is on there information what on the granny thing or the penis thing? any most central to man ' s sense of self and the quest of penile perfection has driven some men to extraordinary and dangerous extremes as free men prove
161. apologies so she said oh your your friend was here yesterday and i said oh which one? this was the day before we met the day we met the day before that was here this is so much information i can ' t keep up was she? yeah and she said um who did we meet? and when did we meet them? who was i with? we met two weeks ago on thursday yes i
162. yes it was going to be the last week but they extended it you see why? um because they have found more money to um gather more information er wine? please there ' s one open yes thank you got it the river your singing is being recorded i hope you know that? sorry? your singing is being recorded it ' s lovely they '
163. well is a spy which one? she keeps saying just i don ' t want to even know ah what ' s his is engaged to who? to who? well that ' s not very nice information to sofia vergara who ' s that? who ' s that? ah i don ' t even like sofia the one off modern family oh aye no one even likes her oh eh oh well he
167. can use oh it absolutely is yeah because em all their billions of people use it every day all all the security they have i mean if they got a bad name people people being you know having their information duplicated yeah amazon would go out of business absolutely i did write a really strongly worded email today i requested my credit rating a couple of weeks ago because i wanted to speak to hsbc about getting
168. it cos i ' m gonna search it out oh it ' s a not very good picture though is it? no just i just want the no well it isn ' t anyway you want the information just want the information it doesn ' t look u very inspiring but it ' s supposed to be a century sixteenth century manor house? sixteenth century manor house but it doesn ' t look like it there does
170. of said yes if i had the time in theory yeah in theory which is not necessarily in practice oh i i ' d never have the time hypothetically to do it in an ideal world all the information yeah yeah obviously in an ideal world yeah we ' d all like to ye wouldn ' t it be lovely? know how to do everything yeah exactly but that doesn ' t mean you ' ve actually got
171. ' t remember anything no as if it never happened so i wrote this email which was i even told them about the book you know yeah i told them about going to meet and you know finding out information i told them i ' d finished my masters i told them all these things that had happened all the kinds of things if they ' d asked you yeah you ' d have told them yes exactly and i
173. i can ' t even process anything now and i ' m forty - one you know so god knows when i was eight years old yeah that ' s right what am i meant to do with this information? i know exactly it ' s it ' s unprocessable in a way exactly it ' s just no but that ' s exactly the yeah that ' s right take away quite from this whole
174. ##cessable in a way exactly it ' s just no but that ' s exactly the yeah that ' s right take away quite from this whole conversa what am i meant to do with this information? yeah yeah for fuck ' s sake it ' s terrifying it is it is yeah but you ' re you ' re right it ' s it is it is erm i don ' t know changing
175. it a good thing that you is it a bad thing because you remove that element of human interaction? or is it a good thing because it means like iif you had to go looking for that information would you bother mm to find it out? mm well you see the thing is is it a good thing that you actually do? the the thing is at this point in time you ' re thinking about
176. removing another layer of communication or interaction or yeah the you know you know in some ways there are many there are many good things not in some ways but there are many good things about the access to information that we have now in terms of how it empowers us and kind of what what greater significance or what greater level of things we ' re able to do yeah because of it but also it does
177. really is how how little sometimes people check the veracity of the informa not the veracity yes you know er am i saying the right word? the veraci yeah the veracity of the information that they ' re looking at yeah you know because so much of the stuff that you ' re looking at is self - published i mean wikipedia being the greatest you know yeah kind of example of that the
178. so i guess in school there are other areas where people are questioning that and i certainly did in it you know i ' d ask yeah the kids to well maybe you know think about the sources of information they ' re using for their own research for their projects yeah and question that but i think we it ' s really easy to get lazy as well yeah definitely and yeah it t there was erm you
179. a lot of it knowledge so their starting point was really low down there so yeah although they might have seen me as some kind of it god guru i really only had a very specific set of yeah information you know that you needed to know to and and but you know to them it was all smoke and mirrors you know it was kind of like wow you know this is amazing but oh right it is very
182. don ' t normally kill them mum cockroaches yes i do horrible aren ' t they? okay right so i took the last card yeah so i ' m saying when on the table this information tells you what cards other people have got in their hands because like for example there ' s a priest here and there ' s a priest here there ' s only two priests in the game so i know
183. was a what? baron yeah so she knows that you haven ' t got the baron cos if you had the baron you wouldn ' t have guessed she was the baron right? so yeah that information you kind of just be careful darling why? there ' s two barons yeah but they cos percentage wise yeah yeah yeah alright so i ' m gonna play careful with the priest and i ' m gonna
184. racket er? rackets making a noise so i would like to llook at yeah? er ' s ' s hand yeah happy with that? yeah i ' m happy with happy with that information? so mm what are you no listen no don ' t do that prince erm ddon ' t let don ' t let her do that what sorry? i want to see your card please what
185. m going to watch out for to look at erm ' s arm oh you ' re so predictab hhand sorry not arm you look at her arm all day dunno what sorry mate the information you ' re gonna get from it chairs oh you want daddy now is that it? alright shouldn ' t you have flipped that over? sorry yeah put the arm on put your arm on alright i '
187. look how many trains people have got left really right okay ssome something i should be i need a bit more routes done have you done any of your routes yet? none of your business correct answer information is power dad your go erm i ' ll take that green please what have you just put down? a blue a blue? that one off the top like rachel riley rachel rachel can i have er
188. told you must have been yeah yeah must have been well you ' ll get that advice again when you ' re in hospital just ask them mm and the font of all knowledge will find out all the information you need to know won ' t you? yeah i can look it up cos i don ' t know anything but those chairs something mattress erm oh are you not getting one of those steamers
189. the hard drive yeah cos there ' s no cos the hard drive ' s no good at the end of the day yeah yeah stick a hammer through that cos people er get lots of information from hard drives don ' t they? yeah so yeah was erm it was a long while ago he wanted to start up a business of er cos people were changing computers left willy - nilly
191. yeah cos they didn ' t know and that and then the and now they still haven ' t edited it out? yep oh my god i never knew that no that ' s very g interesting information there why has that not been on like bloopers and film mash - ups? it must have been probably has although i ' m just surprised that they have never edited it out yeah i mean
193. he was finishing off the story when we were in the pub and he ' s like er i ' m really surprised you ' re still here and i was just er it ' s just so much information for me to process yeah so much information and the thing is you can only make allowances for a person if you think that they ' ve learnt from their situation or er you that they truly regret it
195. an esl course for you know people who who ' s english is not you know english is not their first language are they? oh wow yeah they they just literally i think they have an in information evening about that em either today or tomorrow cos julie asked me to sort something out for it so yeah you might mm are you going to be teaching? no no no i ' m just sorting out
196. ' s going to be teaching actually they must have the teacher already i suppose yeah yeah but it ' s just a what ' s happening in the next few days is just like a just like an information really you know for people who are potentially interested there ' s always stuff like that happening yeah i could see that being a career move later in life i don ' t think i can do classroom teaching until
200. ve tested about five or six dirty bombs so they let go of a dirty bomb and then they go and see what what it ' s caused what damage it ' s caused and so i suppose that information could be used in several ways one way is what damage you can inflict on your enemy maybe a to create a radiatio radiated buffer state around you irradiated buffer state rather and er
202. five three three i think are free they ' ve changed it all round without mm without sort of letting people know yeah you know mm if you go on the net you can get all the all the information well this is the thing ain ' t it you know mm it ' s like i was it ' s sort of like you know if i could be arsed yeah to go onto talktalk you know
204. goes yeah i ' m not quite sure how to do that yep but i ' m sure i will think about it mm erm it won ' t take long to make it and it just the information we need to raise so and so and have a thermometer because we ' ve got i think we ' ve got twenty something thousand saved towards it have you? yeah i ' m i ' m
206. receive it hmm so it was more about it doesn ' t matter whether you meant it or not or whether you meant it to come across like that it doesn ' t matter the way somebody receives that information hmm is more valid hmm than how you intended to say it absolutely and so but that ' s quite an interesting point isn ' t it? it ' s like when bl blokes get annoyed
208. just erm it was just going through a slide a a powerpoint deck and erm are there any are they really any ever any good? yes they i mean it ' s just sort of information sharing and an opportunity to ask questions i mean we do it we do also have erm one by meeting by video conference where the presenter is actually up on large and you couldn ' t actually see them
211. is probably about four books a week yeah i ' ve got to get through about four books yeah feeding your brain all the while aren ' t you? yeah i ' ve learnt a lot already with information so erm there ' s a lot of work well what are the other students like? are they similar ages or all ages? it ' s quite a young crowd actually backgrounds or out of twelve of
215. in already i bet mm but i said but that ' s short term because once all this osm i think it ' s called is set up and all these different things and the input and the information ' s inputted on different things then it ' ll it ' ll run mm mm yeah yeah excellent so they meet on monday it ' s half seven till half nine okay every other monday at the moment
216. yes i would like to do a doctor ' s degree in that if the if if if there is something research out of it that comes together mm right so if you did that you could frame that information in the context of business at the same time couldn ' t you? get seed money yes cos it ' s research yes mm uk very forward - thinking right uhu okay so you ' re interested
217. to people like down at the university of and go how do you she gets to travel round the world mm how do you do that? how? you know yeah yeah of course someone passes on that information and yeah you basically try and put what you can together but essentially i would want to be earning money mm yes yeah while you ' re trying to do that cos it ' s er professional development yeah
218. time that you probably become a lecturer you you ' ve gone through your own education yourself and you ' ve picked up ununconsciously you ' ve internalised a certain manner in which mm information is conveyed mm mm mm mm mm mm i think that ' s very interesting what you ' re saying i ' m sure that ' s a large part of it i don ' t know much about it
219. stuff oh me too like a there was like about four paragraphs they hadn ' t sighted off the website ah ha and because that ' s the only place that you ' re allowed to get the information is the book or the website cos it ' s the business school yeah luckily for me they do still have books hallelujah i can write all over them and take them on the bus and yeah
220. the investigator would get your targets covered in blood they ' re either a doctor a vampire or a serial killer oh charming so you you have to guess which one they are based on like other people getting information erm but the consigliore what they can do is they can get the exact role yeah so they they ' re more powerful than the investigator but they ' re also on the bad side so
224. just also got frustrated because he wasn ' t expecting me to move erm the people and you know erm but he said he said don ' t worry you know you did the best with the information you had and you didn ' t you know he admitted that he hadn ' t said anything so perhaps erm he just had a plan in his head and it didn ' t go the way he wanted
225. i know how to do everything but at the end of the day i ' m going to show em some stuff and they ' re going to be like well am i going to do it with this information or am i just gonna is it any worth worth it well it ' s up to them to do something but if they don ' t do owt with it then exactly that ' s what i '
227. ethnicity? are they gonna see ooh you know en anglo - saxons signing up for our are they are only ethnicities interested in doing the dishes yeah yeah i mean what will they do with that information? it ' s totally irrelevant in that context so i mean you know the government ' s is obsessed with it cos they put it on their form cos they want yeah yeah okay they want to
230. he thought he would entertain us if he couldn ' t assist us yes yes yes he entertained us on the way though he only had to go quite a short distance i feel back to his erm information points well if you had been in original coach b mm he would have been halfway to practically cos that platform ' s ever so long mm if you think of the alphabet from b to oh yes a
234. you ' ve virtually got on the train haven ' t you by then? yeah and i ' m having assistance from other mm although how you ' re meant to get assistance from other mm to the information point is largely in the lap of the gods mm but i know how it ' s going to happen on this occasion yes and indeed i can probably manage myself cos the thing is if you get dropped
240. ? yeah fancy that how are you getting paid to do that though? what ' s what ' s the deal there? er it ' s cambridge university press they ' re like collecting a corpus of information so a few years back they made one of like written words so like a hundred or three hundred million written words or something was the corpus mm now they wanna make a a spoken one oh right so they
242. ##s my turtle okay get some points on the board can you hold me? can you hold me? yes darling erm i don ' t know anything about mine so mum ah so mum ' s information she plays in dad here ' s dad you don ' t know anything about yours do you? no so erm sit still daddy daddy yeah? so this one hold me hold me and this one can
244. ' ve gotta act on it all falls apart don ' t it? if you if you ' ve been the amount of cards we have to put down yeah you ' ve gotta try and give more information not and if possible across rather than just for one particular card so people have got a rough idea yeah oh dear this is lovely you could sit here all night couldn ' t you? mm watch the sun
245. in books because at the moment we ' re reading just generally which is a bit overwhelming cos we don ' t really know what we ' re focusing on as much there ' s a lot of information can you take it? i ' ve i ' ve just like whether it ' s an age thing or not but i just can ' t absorb things no no no i can ' t not as well
246. this lecture on not having any sugar i know i know and you ' re overloading me on it i ' m always on skype to my mum how no not a lecture you gave me the information that was the wrong word i did the same thing and then i go home and the first thing i buy my nieces and nephews is like ice cream or a chocolate bar or a cake i know
248. out it ' s what you do with the data after you ' ve collected it really is the key thing and you know people have now are catching on to the fact that there ' s so much information out there if you can harness it you know you can do so much and learn so much that you couldn ' t see before you know cos most people work in isolation companies even if you work for
249. s going on over there and over the years multiple computer systems have grown up because maybe they ' ve acquired a company or they ' ve developed something quickly and they end up with lots of databases of information no one ever gets the big picture and if they do it takes them months of management time yeah and a lot of organisation a lot of staff pulling data out and sticking it into spreadsheets and things
250. ##heets and things like that so nobody really has a view what ' s going on across the company and they might have clients in here and clients over there and they ' re not using yeah that information not using it so there ' s so much more we can do and i think every sort of five or six years something new comes up in technology which that allows it kind of blows everybody away and you
251. s cos er well before there was telephones erm do you know that oracle at delphi? it was actually er erm they hhad er sort of privileged access to a lot of information cos lots of people passed through ah yes and so that ' s why they ' re able to sort of give sort of goo quite good answers to questions cos they they were really awa had
252. talking about no jefferson thomas jefferson was it? thomas jefferson was it? yeah well there you go he he drafted he wrote the er the constitution i think and i ' ll bet he was useless at information god it vibrates that doesn ' t it? that the trombone? trombone vibrates are you still shaking? i am i am you were playing it are you still shaking listening to it? it reminds
255. really fucking annoying like this feeling of just like having all these tabs and just like yeah and you know there ' s these studies that you can ' t erm receive or proc like retain information as well if it ' s on a screen as it is on paper yeah probably even like typing and writing is different i don ' t know if keeping information is my goal no but even sort of like
261. think the the outcome would be the members say well it ' s all too much er to take in defer the decision kick it down the road for a month and then refuse it mm seek more information but that would be the ideal thing absolutely and it happened so many times in our case didn ' t it? er referrals and yeah so yeah the worst the worst outcome is if they approve it
263. angle yeah same i got forty point nine that ' s what i got from your the vertical so i i put i put that i just put an angle on it just because okay it ' s more information but yeah i think question one just wants like the axes and that ' s about it then and then question two i have answers for all of it except d i think do you want the d though?
266. similarly related to the blueprints that come out of that mm and that could be outsourcing erm particular writing topics et cetera that pepeople pay money for to erm put information up online yeah so it ' s simply finding somebody who ' s a good writer erm getting them to write some content and being the go - between erm to front the clfront the client and
268. were googling something weren ' t you about that? what yes er did we get anywhere with that? i bet that pasty ' s burning now i think it asked for me some for some information that i didn ' t have that we didn ' t have? mm right oh i i ' d forgotten it ' s ju it ' s just made me think about it now saying that but i think
269. ' d be stupid not to plead guilty because if she pleads not guilty and gets found guilty the sentence ' ll be greater harsher so i ' m thinking if they ' ve got all the information stacked and she ' s got an actual senten and she ' ll just plead guilty and try and get off with a a lighter sentence mm and then she ' ll come out and try and find me
272. within the same model range due to otherwise identical specifications yeah extrapolation is is using the data you ' ve got to get other data well extrapolating oh right is like taking and teasing out information extrapolate data yeah take something out yeah we ' ve got a different definition to you dad yes? we thought it was like if you extrapolate data you sort of take a like a mass
273. feeling the pinch badly because there ' s so many people won ' t reply to them yeah but it just and now i heard that the government is going to crack down on some charities who sell your information if you give money to some charities mm and there loads of charities mm they can they ssome of them sell on your information to other charities who then mm i think that ' s i think that '
275. we ' ll do a bit of world war two then we ' ll go so it ' s iiit ' s never boring for the kids because they ' re just picking up i guess bits of information but then they ' ll reinforce it it ' s a study aid you ' re not going to be able to pass an a level off the back of it yeah you ' re not no but it '
281. you ' ve done um er it ' s interesting about cultural differences as well though isn ' t it yeah i think er from what i see from a lot of international students is the the er the information of of mm you know wanting to put more information on mm so obviously the mm i ' ve seen a lot of cvs where they run mm to three or four mm pages i think the most i
287. also kind of people who are no longer informed like there ' s kind of officially speaking there are all these kinda people yeah you know just like having opinions that aren ' t actually on top of the information i saw a man with a beard once yeah me precisely precisely mm sit down n but we ' ve finished no cos we ' re still talking no cos we ' re talktalk about talking about
292. to language or to and see well to see how that applied to like publishers and i went and interviewed quite a few publishers and spoke about it but the problem is it ' s so hard getting the information mm and people are so busy that actually yeah it ' s better to do something where you can it ' s all ready and available and you can yeah really do the the research kind of research and analysis
293. and everybody else is out there you know yeah but it ' s a bit silly but we are moving into a society where everybody is expected to be more open and transparent yeah and with the way that information is spread anyway you can find out a hell of a lot without having a talk to these people in the first place yeah so so what they can learn to help others along as they are doing it is
294. know he doesn ' t enjoy a book though no mm not like me i i ' m knowledgeable which is strange because i don ' t read books yeah there ' s other avenues i get my information from er reading articles or seeing it on tv or mm whatever but erm i should read more i ' m not well read really but erm it ' s kinda like a skill you kind of have
296. very selective about which books you choose i think they ' re almost going to say which books they want you to get yes yes well i think that ' s a good idea really and hopefully all the information that you need or the majority of the information will be at your fingertips then won ' t it? it will yes you had quite an extensive reading list for your higher education yes i did quite a lot
297. they ' re almost going to say which books they want you to get yes yes well i think that ' s a good idea really and hopefully all the information that you need or the majority of the information will be at your fingertips then won ' t it? it will yes you had quite an extensive reading list for your higher education yes i did quite a lot of them were not very obtainable some of
298. ##m they do think though i do think that in those systems there is kind of an element of erm if you ' ve if you ' ve learned from this and you try to learn this extra information yeah then you can go up another level yeah but it depends on who yeah that ' s true if you ' ve already got that background it allows you to move up another level yeah yeah yeah yeah for
299. naturally gifted aren ' t they? i was saying this some people are naturally gifted and they can sit in a lecture or a classroom as far as their you know at their stage and be fed this information and store and retain oh yeah he ' s st and never really yeah no have to oh no don ' t have to try he ' s still wishing i get to the bottom of a page and i
300. s not trying his best no yes that ' s what ' s frustrating it ' s like you know this is what and supposedly have got although sometimes i do question myself erm this you know retaining information and this they they would for example have to read something three times for it to sink in to sink in mm er where somebody else could read it once and i ' m going well i can relate to
301. twos twos mainly threes one but a mixture but miss average but if it was now i wouldn ' t be surprised if i was in that category that yeah yeah i don ' t retain information and i have to read it three or four times mm mm to understand then it ' s just down to yourself isn ' t it? self - discipline and how much you want to do it yeah and
302. i can sort of bring up at any time might be able to bring it up erm just starting to do that really organising my quotes i ' ve read through a few things quite a lot of information we ' ve studied so far isn ' t there? mm we ' ve studied quite a bit definitely mm erm well we ' ve been doing it for a few months now haven ' t we?
303. even annoyed me then yeah kind of thing yeah yeah but it would get in the way of what i would want to use facebook for absolutely yeah yeah um because you just get a mhm wealth of information in one area it ' s a little bit confusing or complicated it can be yeah yeah yeah data overload or information overload yeah yeah yeah i would call it mm but so facebook in a way is
305. could say we ' re getting off the plane yeah i suppose it ' s related in a way isn ' t it yeah yeah yeah yeah because it ' s all connected isn ' t it with er information is just mm shared so much quicker these days i have a theory that it ' s just made everyone shameless shameless? ah ah that that ' s a better word than faceless maybe yes yeah
306. it you ' d probably send them a card it would be very difficult it ' d take several weeks to get there yeah if they yeah live but but sometimes in a remote place you can get this information quite quickly mm and and you reunite families that way so it it it does have a very good effect like that yeah um i don ' t know if it ' s it overall is it more a good
308. to be mm mm god actually you know erm here? so like this is going to be hard to describe mm what are you talking about? it ' s too much like kind of data and information what was that thing about living longer though? that looked interesting things that affect living longer life quitting smoking and things like that mm god oh my god these are like common mis common misconceptions
309. i ' m just seeing whether to but the kid kids kids have just called my bluff already she just yeah well well is she not allowed to be in this game then because she ' s got inside information in your facial expression? know er you don ' t seem too impressed mum it ' s just my normal face oh sorry so it ' s a large tibetan mountain goat a yeti? no that sounds
311. the school on fire really that ' s the best bit i mean we never got to write anything you know to do anything like that not that i remember anyhow so would you prefer to get your information from a book or from your television your computer? erm you get it where you can i think don ' t you? yeah it ' s you ' re doing it in probably going towards more the
312. re doing it in probably going towards more the books because yeah of the sort of academic integrity part of sort of got to be able to chase your source and source of erm obviously you want it information to be reliable and so that ' s that ' s what they ' re looking for yeah but probably increasingly it ' s erm online journals as well is it? yes oh right you see what he
314. like obviously the clev one of the clever ones you ' re obviously the most clever one no you ' re the clever ones no i ' m not i j know nothing i just regurgitate information wrong you are the clever ones that ' s all i do well yeah no i am really clever actually yeah we are all clever ones we are clever ones live long and prosper do you know how you
316. and apparently because didn ' t wanna go so god went last year and the year before how ' s? well not well not very good i think but i haven ' t spoken though oh we get information so mm just i thought they got rid of the cancer well i don ' t know it ' s obviously more knackering than you expect isn ' t it? mm yeah ' s house has gone
317. ' m reading the horrible history of science mm book have you got to the end of it? or are you just still reading it? i ' m still reading it there ' s a lot of information so what kind of things have you found out? erm names of dinosaurs and di well actually i forget the names of all the dinosaurs erm there ' s a velociraptor can
320. t suffer for it i love the um the the ice cream it ' s not vanilla or strawberry or chocolate it ' s a different flavour that ' s the only thi that ' s the only information you ' re getting should probably have asked him about that actually it ' s like well er it ' s it ' ll be strawberry chocolate vanilla probably having said that it might not be they might have um
321. like he ' s on the back foot you feel like s somebody you feel like somebody else is having a joke at your expense and you feel like you were the one that didn ' t have the information like yeah and i know it ' s awkward and i know that ' s not a conversation you would have wanted to have with like prior to anything happening well he had a go at me because he said
323. they they don ' t they just assume everybody they assume they do then they ask you to put then they ask you to go to your computer to put a code in and then they get all your information well not not so much get all of you information what happen they send a virus it says right you ' ve got a blue screen now and on the blue screen it says x y and z and that
324. assume they do then they ask you to put then they ask you to go to your computer to put a code in and then they get all your information well not not so much get all of you information what happen they send a virus it says right you ' ve got a blue screen now and on the blue screen it says x y and z and that ' s the background stuff that it ' s nothing
325. so if you got more it gets diluted more doesn ' t it? well of course it does yeah yeah yeah you know that ' s a bit stupid it well i mean when when you use information like that that can always be manipulated can ' t it? yeah facts and figures are so manipulated well they can manipulate it how they want to however they want to do it they can manipulate it mm ah
326. just be like look i ' ll type in year one lit students mm uhu i ' ve found it oh here we go the powerpoint one i had i mean not like oh okay the actual information just something that might help possibly manners are important do they want that? oh here we go choose one of the following pairs yeah pairs there we go discuss the ways in which the two the poems engage with
329. than yeah than you had before well that was supposed to free up the the wavelengths on on er vhs mm f rather but whether it did or not i dunno and with digital it can contain more information like embedded in it yeah like you put the radio on what subliminal? and instead of just going through the frequency range it tells you what channel you ' re on yeah that ' s right yeah
335. said look this isn ' t good enough well i don ' t blame me i ' m only getting information for i said a it ' s not good enough because we should ' ve had all this information right at the beginning in a pack well no we ' ve been told that you ' ve got to ask i said oh we don ' t even know what to ask for i said so just pull it
339. a sugar daddy i said so i ' m not really that bothered but for someone like i said it is a really bad situation i said i ' m her line manager she can ' t get the information she needs and therefore i ' m coming down blow by blow mum he said okay fine you ' ve done the right thing i went upstairs and was in tears and she was i don ' t i don
341. it direct to me you have been talking for twenty minutes and that was at the bottom of it so i wrote back and said er find your email exceedingly offensive because we are just trying to find information that you and should ' ve been given to us at the s at the start we should ' ve had this in a pack why don ' t you forward that to and then complain about it? anyway
347. erm they ' re fairly short descriptions actually but the the time it ' s taken in looking at the information that ' s what what takes up the time yeah i see reading through taking in the information correctly anyway it ' s really boring but and who ' s gonna check it though i mean what ' s the system behind it? well the system behind it is that they ' re then i mean i
350. s just pair you just got i got selected like they select randomly oh yes yeah sounds good yeah and then like you know? you ' re yeah contributing to erm like this massive databank of information that ' s being gather aabout people and their health over their lifetime so unfortunately and even genetic erm information mm so all this information ' s been gathered but unfortunately yeah i ' m not gonna
351. know? you ' re yeah contributing to erm like this massive databank of information that ' s being gather aabout people and their health over their lifetime so unfortunately and even genetic erm information mm so all this information ' s been gathered but unfortunately yeah i ' m not gonna profit you know and and it ' s not gonna help but did did they give you your data? no no no
352. yeah contributing to erm like this massive databank of information that ' s being gather aabout people and their health over their lifetime so unfortunately and even genetic erm information mm so all this information ' s been gathered but unfortunately yeah i ' m not gonna profit you know and and it ' s not gonna help but did did they give you your data? no no no so it you d you
353. ##dantic why is it british national corpus twenty - fourteen? when it ' s twenty fifteen? anyway okay enough anyway that ' s thank you very much you know that ' s quite you know enough information now to read about oh oh had to do my my dreaded google profile and er they were like fill in your profile cos i went to it and i was like oh god had all these really
356. know? well that ' s u bound to be linked to your important passwords it ' s just i dunno it ' s just kind of all these things which seem like really arbitrary pieces of information no they ' re really but you ' re right actually they ' re not they ' re no they ' re not just kinda data mining yeah i know plus it ' s quite precious i ' m glad
361. car was like his parents ' or something mm he was like you know like extremely though just like the blonde fluffy hair yeah the bloody four - wheel drive the yachts he just didn ' t retain information though and just and just like yeah brummies there ' s not posh and i was like dude i swear you know i ' m from there what are you doing? oh what a crazy guy
363. made it look silly different colours and then what they had to do they each had a little eh print out in black and white and they had to colour their animals different colours and then do like an information gap activity what colour is your eh elephant? my elephant is pink what colour is your elephant? my elephant is pink too whoo we got one the same and every time they had one the same a
365. in to cover her was doing a good job but she did struggle because this woman who was on maternity hadn ' t left half the resources that she should have left behind and half the files and the information and so i was having to chase her up trying to get hold of it and it ' s you know she ' s put some absolutely awful comments on facebook about this young teacher really really it ' s
366. definitely because we ' ve been sat down for a long time oh like just like a normal day i would like i didn ' t know what everything each piece was so i like highlighted the bits of information geek so like there ' s the station oh yeah six minute walk yeah yeah yeah we can do that so that ' s fine and it ' s quite a while to the quite a way to the un
371. we stopped on my friend ' s recommendation at at poet ' s house yeah the henry miller was the museum is that right? maybe something like that yeah gotta remember this too yeah it ' s important information isn ' t it? yeah that was a really cool spot though honesty system coffee on the porch and it was basically just a book shop in what used to be his house wasn ' t it? er
374. to the dead i ' m interested in dowsing i ' m not interested in any of that i ' m interested in that i ' m interested yeah in is finding historical sites yeah and finding the information he ' s found out by er he reckons the furthest back in time he ' s been is thirteen and a half thousand years and he has has found erm he ' s not spoken to
383. well this is it you know? there was a lot of argument about why the police aren ' t working with him or why you know they ' re not they work together in that he gives them information but they were saying why why have are not? why aren ' t they using his methodology? why? why is it yeah? why ' s this not happening? yeah yeah and they do they say
384. go oh really? i suppose in a way i ' m a bit like that but but then again i don ' t read the newspapers i don ' t mm think i d i genuinely get my information in different ways so yeah but yeah i think i think there is a certain aamount of sensationalism now with all the er what was it? how many different people being banged up for underaged
386. to be fair i missed the september brown bag brown bin collection because that was when i was away mm erm but yeah no it it ' s it what annoys me when they send out the information with things out is they they try to present it as if it ' s better for you if they were just honest yes and said we ' re sorry darlings but it ' s a lot easier for
387. t tell you i was i was in well it was the festival that ' s why oh yes yes erm i was manning a stall there yesterday for the rspb oh right of what? information? well they sell things and erm a tombola that was kind of aimed at kids mm erm i mean was it wasn ' t a tombola it was actually a bag lucky dip yes but
394. interesting example this came up when i did one of my law taster day things one of the example questions they set us was so what happens if someone puts a poster advertising a reward for a lo information on a lost dog and then changes their minds but fails to take one of the posters down? and um decides they didn ' t don ' t care about the dog anymore well no say um for example
396. fucking hammered? you can ' t remember anything no i i no i remember the ne the game but i don ' t remember anything being so like shocking i don ' t remember well then er that information is lost it wasn ' t that shocking was it? i don ' t think it was i haven ' t seen anything that was that shocking thank you thank you that ' s cos you can '
397. why don ' t you want it? because there ' s something about it i think erm i was i i saw something on the tv about it and it ' s to do with access of information again i haven ' t even looked at it what does it? what is it? and erm them recording your informa what? you haven ' t looked at it? mm right well it '
398. well we ' d be arrested well we did get cut off didn ' t we but erm what was i saying? like why why does it matter? why does it matter that they have the information? yeah because it basically have you heard that all of this stuff is going to these big vaults in the north pole? yeah yeah i ' ve heard that i don ' t know about that where you
400. s me and it tells you fine okay i i didn ' t know that and then you can just pull that back up again as you told me the other day you only get the very minimal of information in the box yeah yeah and you have to go on the internet to their website to get the rest it ' s f and of course it ' s quite difficult when you ' ve got s like a
402. of the um in fact one of the guys that used to work in marsh um who left and went to another broker he he his area er got the account so he had a lot of in inside information cos he worked in marsh mm so he knew um i mean he didn ' t know the he didn ' t know how much we were getting or anything like that but he er i ' m sure
404. ##meney chim chim um there ' s a jessica fletcher oh jessica fletcher i wish i ' d remembered that ah but i y those pub quiz ones they always get you no matter how much information you think you ' ve got in your head the a new fact comes in and pushes an old fact out i know some t somehow like it seems that that that that is mechanically not the way the brain
405. it was in the same order the same bullet points the same titles like it was literally the same the whole of that chapter in lecture form and i was just like i ' m not taking any new information from that like doing that reading didn ' t help me because the lecture then became pointless yeah and it ' s actually been the same each time they ' ve based it on the chapter they ' ve given
408. i haven ' t been since so that ' s gonna be awkward for you but i mean i ' m doing all the reading and i ' m doing all the lectures and stuff so like i have information to contribute i ' ll just work really hard yeah with them in the group well i ' ve gotta catch up four weeks of lectures for my politics erm because obviously i i cos i ' ve
410. he he did it very nicely it wasn ' t it wasn ' t as if he was saying oh oh you know oh no this is gonna be he just took it he said donkey just as er information you know mm mm this is a donkey mm thanks very much yeah put that okay you ' re welcome purple purple? yes purple i think it ' s red look the pink it ' s great are you
411. snakes in dead madagascar now just not poisonous ones oh right erm erm erm yes it ' s it ' s it ' s wonderful now people can just tap into and get a load of information er that ' s totally wrong er the the the the the prob the problem is it ' s not always wrong you can ' t have a decent argument in the pub any more but you can because
412. totally wrong er the the the the the prob the problem is it ' s not always wrong you can ' t have a decent argument in the pub any more but you can because there are most information you ' ll find two answers saying the exact s contrary thing on the internet so it just fuels more well more drunken banter you usually go with the one that is not wikipedia wikipedia they tested wikipedia wikipedia
413. not let you quote wikipedia no that ' s li you because it ' s like anyone can go in and edit it well that ' s the problem that that you so you always need to verify the information through a secondary source but that ' s exactly the problem but yeah and it ' s er it ' s but i i found on pure facts you know what they did at the the as much as a
414. t use books i think you need to include journal articles as well i think they ' ll definitely expect you to do that why? because it it ' s pardon me it ' s another source of information but if those sources are just published in books you know there are books of effectively journals they ' re not mm some of these books are edited and it ' s effectively just journals but some of the stuff
415. to on the thing ah i mean otherwise it ' s the same it ' s in the same order it ' s just a bit of punctuation mm as long as you ' ve got the information there then i mean i think it it ' s something you might have to change i think the way you you ' re doing it is the way that i did it for history yeah surely as long as
416. ##ctuation a little bit yeah yeah just simple stuff you know about erm conditional sentences if they ' re reversed not putting a comma in it a comma in yeah they seem to like knowing information like that i teach them about clauses and once you ' re talking about clauses you have to talk about commas you can ' t not talk about punctuation yeah punctuation yeah erm they
417. ##mones is it the same one? erm that ' s a good question i believe we have pheromones i believe a pheromone is any kind of smell that transmits information erm usually sexual but not always i don ' t think would be called this one just yeah and i guess it is usually sexual might indicate i don ' t know? like when you ' re dying
419. this is what ' s going on yeah recap recap and this is where it ' s heading to recap you can recap that yeah and you can provide a little bi little bits of information to maintain yeah that thread of interest or something like you know well what would you do now if this was you? what would you be thinking of your next step? how would you be going about setting
420. were thinking about was sharing a conversation we weren ' t trying to present any particular learnings from it yeah but there is something valuable in there to learn about but immediately he was trying to attract our information which we would provide him for free into to provide more value to the community and to his product yeah yeah yeah of course so he he ' s he ' s cleverly allowing his community to build his
423. ' ve always been like that though yeah i get i get scared er i have to come and ask you don ' t i? yeah quite often yeah it says you will you will lose all your information if you do this and i think oh gosh it ' s er and it ' s okay really okay it just says it ' ll u lose all your saved inf mm mm all your er information
425. you have been working on something mm like supposing you ' re working on word or or anything else and then you think oh i ' ll download something and that will wipe out unsaved information mm you have to save everything but i do i do get scared and i come and ask you don ' t i? yeah mm yeah mm i went on site to download something and norton comes up mm
427. search for stuff course you can but you know you you ' d use youtube for a completely different reason for me i ' d u i use it for entertainment but you ' d probably use it for information wouldn ' t you? i ' m just checking our cases are there how far are we off now do you think? half an hour i might go and have a walk my bum ' s a bit
431. wearing demin shorts and a stripey vest top and i had my shoulder - length brown hair up in a ponytail picture the scene yeah i was gonna say that ' s obviously sounds like all vital information there i loved my hair on sad note note that and spent lots of time putting it into different styles whereas most of us just you know leave it yeah but now music channel was on the tv playing chart
434. can almost be matic pretty sh like children not knowing that just this taking the internet as a as like a given it ' s just a thing oh it ' s just yeah it ' s just information isn ' t it? it ' s like having i don ' t know electricity yeah electricity means internet whereas it never that was it ' s quite a recent thing oh it ' s getting dark now yeah
435. is and i look i could be wrong here because i ' m quite junior and i ' m a little bit unclear about this but my understanding is that you the only person that has access to that information is the person who gives it so if your tutor gives and er and let which is a teaching form er then it goes to let office and they ' re the only ones who should have access to it
442. er a scan? a scan on my bones are they? mm an mra? i ' m trying to oh a dexter a dexa scanner mm uses two small x ray beams which gather the information as they yeah pass through the body i don ' t have to go in that tunnel i wouldn ' t have done if i ' d to go on that tunnel it ' s a moving arm that does
444. ' s been saying we ' re spending way too much money on this this and this and i was like right okay now the thing about me is that like i ' m a hoarder of information and when i need it i ' ll use it so she ' s been telling me this for weeks and weeks and weeks and i ' ve just been nodding and saying yes and like she ' s been
446. a new movement coming out as a result of the the there is a bit of a problem isn ' t there in the the economy that that it ' s becoming very easy to to freely transfer any information so that would include any movie or theatre or or music or yeah share things yeah well what there was that young lad who was extradited to the us wasn ' t he? he had like a
448. day but i was surprised at the number in that two hours was it a hundred and fifty i think so it ' s non - stop they pour in and you rush around saying do you want any information? are you going to look? can i help? and they all cluster around and some of them are very interested in our so called ninety - nine percent medieval synagogue erm down the high street if
451. mean we didn ' t have to do the nct classes did we i mean? i wish we hadn ' t really? we ' d have saved ourselves three hundred pounds oh well i wanted the information well you didn ' t know at the time you didn ' t? well do you think it was useful to get both of them? the nhs and the nct classes? i felt i felt a
452. know at the time you didn ' t? well do you think it was useful to get both of them? the nhs and the nct classes? i felt i felt a lot better with the information mm i didn ' t partic i didn ' t go there to make friends no i went there for the information well yes i think other people in the group went there to make friends didn ' t
453. nhs and the nct classes? i felt i felt a lot better with the information mm i didn ' t partic i didn ' t go there to make friends no i went there for the information well yes i think other people in the group went there to make friends didn ' t they? mm hm em because you know as much as you read books you still get a different set of information when
454. information well yes i think other people in the group went there to make friends didn ' t they? mm hm em because you know as much as you read books you still get a different set of information when you attend a class yeah you know with the teacher and all? well that ' s right i mean em i mean it was useful but em yeah i mean just because you ' re in the same
456. talk erm where yeah i know what you mean you ' ve gotta be free you get to the state where you you know you get to a but the the police to control people by using that information but what could they use it for? is your tax? is your car taxed? insured? and is it roadworthy now if what how is that orwellian by the authorities knowing that
459. aamazon or a click through straight to amazon because people won ' t buy it ah right so how do you do it instead? you do the click through to your website which provides extra valuable information oh so you have to have a website yeah mm mm oh right oh so and does that mean that people can also order a erm a hard copy too from the website? at the moment because of
460. mm so okay and do they? how do it how do you learn about what they ' re actually proposing? is there it ' s kind of like a you know a quite a detailed bunch of information? whwho is proposing? amazon how they how they get you to you know publish your book online and how do how you find out about the latest developments do they email you? or do
461. erm yeah i mean i ' m not sure firstly that was no help to me and it wasted my time and secondly just to give someone a lesson people who haven ' t necessarily excelled at accepting information in a school setting yeah it ' s stupid i i kind of feel like giving them placements is more useful and maybe doing and enjoy doing it cambridge university service yeah i ' d basically say they they
464. ve come across them somewhere or whether you ' d gone right i want to help me do all the work? well it it was just quite an easy way of doing it so no it was great information about yeah yeah erm and it was but it was fantastic no because we don ' t have success figures as such because no exactly job that they are only gonna earn money if they place me and i
465. ' ve had a er an argument with someone about what they owe and that but they it was on the radio the other day they don ' t take you know they don ' t have all the information no they just have some of it and then they make a guess on that but yeah mm if that guess was wrong that ' s right you had it ain ' t you? you had it mm yeah
468. be he must be the son or mm grandson or whatever it would be yeah mm there you go something else you have to look into again i shouldn ' t open my mouth why not? half your information something else i was going i have written on a piece of paper to say to you oh yes? we have erm a piece of gammon that we bought some time ago and put it in the
469. from different schools say to me cos we were talking and you know how you talk to erm people? you talk to admin people and they say you know erm thanks for all the information and by the way how ' s y how ' s your season going? you know got e looking forward to the summer? yeah i said i am i ' m retiring at christmas and they went you
473. i ' m quite i ' m quite up for that the g the gas knocks you out ah but you were you were out for like the thing that terrified me is they give this this all this information where it ' s like you know cos you ' re awake like because you ' re asleep your heart is basically not working so it ' s like it ' s relying on they is that what happened
477. yes erm but dad on the other hand has taken a you know i think he ' s taken more of a kind of a a objective approach which is you know this guy has been collecting this information for years and though he ' s not entirely sure why erm it ' s so important for him to have dad ' s measurements i think more importantly is really after and myself you know in terms of
478. probably go yeah yeah you know take my waist measurement but all these other bits and bobs and details i ' m not quite sure whether erm you know that that ' s actually the sort of information that these are things i can be bothered to give him oh droopy eyes that is quite yeah i think from i he ' s got droopy eyes and so i have i hate my eyes
482. as what you ' ve been able to do but you know well you yes i mean i we ' ve had such fun because we went up to london quite a lot to find out a lot of information yeah and we are mad yeah we actually went to really yes because the mormons they it ' s part of their religion that they have to find out so many generations so over the years they ' ve
486. ve been listening yeah gave me like shifty eyes sometimes i wasn ' t i was listening because it ' s we were deciding whether we? yeah seem very one - sided this well she has the information i was listening because i always thought that these were under ninety - nine calories don ' t think you know what that means though do you? look ninety - nine calories or less squares french fries
488. so he like er the last time it was done it was like in eighteen fifty - two or something really? it was like the land registry map where they like why not? aggregates all the information because it ' s political and there ' s it ' s like once you start to put it together and you actually i mean there ' s like percentages and stuff but until yeah you start to see
489. no i didn ' t say that like that i said you don ' t need see you don ' t need interesting verbs in academic writing so much you need interesting noun phrases yeah you need all the information in the noun phrase yeah not i the verbs yeah i dunno i said something i can ' t remember mm mm okay that ' s enough talk i don ' t know about work yeah i know it
492. i write some things to go on like a guide to a guide to translation or guide to search engine optimisation but in a foreign language even if it ' s just like a little bit of information for people that have never done it before so just like side of a four which some things some people already know but people don ' t know about like the software that automatically translates stuff like translation memory people
495. how much data is involved in having a complete genotype mm and somebody said well you need about a terabyte hard drive to hold it mm so that gives you a pretty good idea how much information is involved rather a lot yeah i mean it depends how they ' ve got it stored really i mean they ' ve got a lot of do you just mean a terabyte as in my har
498. this project on the go mm which um i ' ve got quite a lot of paperwork to fill in for it right and and er is so who ' s co er col collating all of the information? it ' s er a cambridge oh okay university press a department oh right within cambridge university press oh right called the spoken british spoken corpus oh right oh or the c cambridge corpus yes so how did you
500. g again you ' ll probably get sacked for it it ' s it ' s mm like they ' re real real strict mm you can see why cos it ' s p a lot of personal information for a lot of people that we ' ve got our hands on as soon as you get a passport you have citizenship and that ' s the gateway to exactly yeah yeah mm a lot of other erm
503. is it? yeah you telling me okay yeah yeah okay yeah yeah so? yeah what ' s bronze age? and you go i know it ' s like god i think you just wanna download some information into their heads so so yeah they can kind of enjoy it a bit more i mean it yeah just frustrates me yeah do do you find that with the cypriots then mostly do you mean?
504. showing somebody this character arc or characters mm because you ' ll have both erm oh no you ' re hungry aren ' t you? and you can always know if you ' ve put too much information in because you can say break it down into a two hour film here is one hour and here is two break it again into thirty minutes mm here again let ' s say yeah thirty minutes yeah so you
505. the sort of plot detail mm and then i think what you need to do is just as i say you need to like pick out those most important i guess it ' s the most important bits of information if you had to say look i ' m gonna give you erm the character not the storyline but the storyline but the character ' s arc in about two minutes i ' ll tell you this point this
506. along these trajectories paragraphs are not actually plotlines er plot points no but in a treatment that heading is a plot yes this is a different formation it ' s a different formation of information i mean what i find what i find difficult i mean it ' s sort of running the things through my head now is i ' ve got seventy chapters yes yes some of them are very short yeah but
507. mm very quickly you know that you know that people can follow things really very quickly mm why? because actually they read the way that they look at the screen is that they can pick up so much information it normally mm the eye goes in this kind of clockwise mm so your s you you can actually put in one page the way that the eye works on the screen especially a bloody big screen on a cinema
508. kind of clockwise mm so your s you you can actually put in one page the way that the eye works on the screen especially a bloody big screen on a cinema mm you can put in so much information on the visual side yeah that people can see depth of field they can see the actor they can see periphery mm they can see what ' s going on in the background they can see what ' s and
515. a nice brisk five minute wake come back read it again and repeat so then you will now automatically remember this for the rest of your life and this will automatically be the best way of you learning this information you ' re just objecting to being told to go on a five minute walk don ' t you? mm lazy little so and so no not exactly but it ' s just this idea that they say
519. your members that gives them a very reduced price in all their stuff mm right erm so their members of of shoppers discounts erm pay a certain amount every month in order to get the information about all these discounts and you can get like a a facial for ten pounds or a hair cut for ten pounds mm but obviously you know i ' d never signed up to this and it transpired
521. and then if you feel like those things happen in your personal life but then when you ' re at work as well and you ' ve got people coming in mhm that are just coming in for information mhm and you just feel like you start to feel a bit paranoid you just start to feel like everybody ' s out to get you do you know? oh no and like i know a lady came
528. to be interviewed by another supervisor or erm they must have had a note saying may be not entitled to treatment yeah and to you know wait for the interview but this this receptionist a little bit of information she gets it all blown out of proportion she starts saying i know yeah she starts making up her own things that ' s what reception oh right did you? you know that? you know that reception?
531. is it? it ' s not a big deal it ' s not a big deal at all no and it also made me warm i sl i sleep in my pants every night he does too much information he erm he does sleep with his he sleeps with his pants on and i yeah jug tim - a - gig tim - a - jig? tim - a - jig tim - a -
539. i wouldn ' t remember because it didn ' t kind of sink in enough yeah cos of the way it ' s done cos it ' s kind of almost like they just drop all this information on you and it ' s like er well i don ' t think he necessarily wrote it as a novel type thing did he? no yeah they were really made for a magazine and they they were a
543. weird ain ' t it tut so but there you go well but they can trace where but then you ' ve been er if you got your um normal phone normal phone yeah yeah because the cell information and even your tomtom mm yeah they can tell where you ' re going on your tomtom and even when you ' re driving along the road all these little cameras there the blue ones? the blue
548. like it was about master ' s and at the time i was like no way in hell am i doing a master ' s you could ' ve at least read it no so they might ' ve information to be fair just read it reread it oh right thanks for telling me that now well i didn ' t know you got it until now when did i get it? it was ages ago when
549. building society so i know exactly how much money i can spend a week mm that ' s cool then i don ' t end up spending over right upgrade existing account oh no i d i just want information really yeah erm yeah what does it say in here? when you open a student account with this firm get one now an interest free overdraft here we go you can apply for up to five
551. there ' s also the high high context ones have an emphasis on not losing face so so if you ask someb so as an example if you ask if somebody mails you and asks you for information that you ' ve already sent it to not say as i mentioned in my last email mm this is like this mm but to act mm as if they ' ve not done it mm and as if it
561. that when you go when you go you ' re going in with right i know how much this this industry is worth yeah i know the worth of the industry it ' s just that very high level information but it ' s c it ' s macro mm you ' ve got the macro and then when you go in micro you understand the context of the macro you can always place it when you ' re talking
563. i learn er elements of how that project is put together so the the the core system of managing a project is is the same then you get people who specialise in certain types of projects which carry information that you don ' t understand or have awareness of to start with okay you know? if you wanted to buil b er build an oil rig yes build an oil rig mm who ' s at the
564. mean not that his colleague was very nice but i suppose hiring a a killer is on a different scale isn ' t it? well oh yes i think so yes yes it ' s very good for information on there isn ' t it? it ' s amazing isn ' t it? yeah i don ' t think of it enough actually enough all those things you can get on there seems almost well insur
566. she ' s been a member since last august she has sixty - seven friends on facebook she studied at college in school and university oh and that ' s all so she hasn ' t got much other information mm that would net four hundred and seventy pounds a month oh which is seventy pounds over the market rate the market rate in is four hundred pounds a month oh so you ' ve got oh so seventy pounds
573. have to get at taxi that ' s how it ended didn ' t it? but then she didn ' t get a taxi no needs to yes i suppose she keeps up to date with all this information no doubt every well she spends her whole what about? hours on the phone to her mm what about? daily i dunno about him probably not doubt it doubt he has any idea mm no anyway you
576. write how much it is? when it is yeah it ' s like several steps not on facebook but when you ' re on the internet you ' re in that mode where you can yeah take in information aren ' t you? mam opened it mm you looked on youtube straightaway to see what it was like had a little snapshot decided yes and could book it straight away ah right but when you
577. s an idea just put forward to er you and you think oh yeah click done yeah as i said when you ' re on the internet yeah i still like to look at things and fee mm consuming information it ' s going in but when you ' re out and about yeah you don ' t wanna be reading stuff thinking of it writing it down everything you ' re in yeah you set yourself up to well
578. mm mm cos the that i met three years ago would he would ' ve done that for anybody never mind his ex - girlfriend you know yeah yeah yeah the fact that that he ' s getting information like that and doesn ' t see it as being important cos er that ' s er it ' s just it ' s it ' s anybody it happening to anybody you yeah yeah know yet alone anybody
580. purpose er almost like a what we call a a tag question when tag questions are n i think it ' s it ' s searching for reassurance that the person who ' s being told the information or the story is following it and understanding it and i think i believe they ' re they ' re they ' re asking for mm confirmation confirmation of that mm so it may be the that erm and
586. to speak to him but then aunty phoned me to say they were having problems with the phones or something i don ' t know she was trying to top it up and they wanted too much information and she couldn ' t erm anyway i don ' t know how they ' ve got round it but she sent a mess she sent a message to me last week to give her a ring and they
593. ' re talking about yeah look there ' s a sculpture yes i mentioned that already oh look at the lovely weed bank that ' s growing here yeah that looks very nice there ' s er lots of information here why are we going up here? got to be safe just this one then safe from what? darling yeah i don ' t think i want to go back yet well we ' ll probably end up
595. things mm so erm you can go out and do boring old surveys but as you say people aren ' t that interested in surveys er er i think a better mechanism of trying to find out more information is by writing stuff publishing it online like a blog or whatever erm and encouraging people to get involved and to comment on it and that ' s where you get your information out of the f the the
596. trying to find out more information is by writing stuff publishing it online like a blog or whatever erm and encouraging people to get involved and to comment on it and that ' s where you get your information out of the f the the feedback that they ' re writing between each other or about something on on the on the content yeah maybe because you can see it ' s quite easy to er find a storyline
597. put yourself out there as the the relative expert alright okay okay alright okay so i ' ll s so you can start on any thread but the con the idea is we need to be building up some information that people are then drawn to yeah? okay so i wrote something the other day mm erm that i can show you and the students tomorrow mm erm which it says dear university teacher and then what
598. she ' s got quite a good job here in erm she ' s one of the head sort of developers and she said look it ' s not about video video is just a way to convey information it ' s what you do with the video and the learning that goes around it that surrounds it that takes place that ' s where you need to put your energy she said i ' ve tried talking to
599. give them an anonymous confession or you can even ring up from a phone box like mm where you don ' t live and no one ' s gonna know it were you yeah but the thing is the information ' s there the police have got it they can investigate it like if they have a tip that someone is running this big thing with paedophiles and shit then the police will go out and investigate
602. i mean you ' re talking about fifty thousand around the world yeah members of wikipedia they sort of do a probably more than fifty thousand it would have to be they do like a when you put some information in well they they can run their eye over it oh i see and er before that it doesn ' t go straight in any more no at one time it used to go straight in yeah cos did
603. straight in any more no at one time it used to go straight in yeah cos did that she didn ' t realise what she got wikipedia up and she was sort of cutting and pasting some information out of it and so she was sort of like more or less sort of you know cut this bit out and amended it and something like that and so next time she looked it had all been changed changed
604. facts what they like to have is a some sort of reference right yeah cos of the cos everything on there has got a little number by it and then underneath is a massive great where this information comes from come from i see you see yeah i see so if you say david cameron got fined you know two pound ten for shop lifting when he was twelve they ' d have to find out whether it
607. the client or in your own in your own interests in my own way of course it will be different because it won ' t be in an academic context and often it ' s about smaller pieces of information that you can get across clearly and concisely and easily mm mm that anybody can understand but if i have the academic understanding i can transpose it translate it yeah into whichever context it needs to be
608. actually i don ' t have to think about every single little detail i just have to focus on certain areas and i felt a lot more confident that ' s good yeah it ' s just choosing what information to use isn ' t it mm and what to discard like my report oh no but if you don ' t have to if it ' s not like of paramount importance that you cut it down i
609. part one errm i can ' t remember whether there was um yeah there was maybe parts about i don ' t know that this two sentence paragraph here i thought maybe was no i thought maybe this information was already kind of included cos it ' s saying yes i know it ' s working across different expertise areas but is that part of the small interdisciplinary team is that meaning the same thing possibly does it
611. he can n can ' t find out about my thoughts and that ' s also alright mm yes but because they ' re police they ' ll mm only do it when needed it ' s just extra information there ' s another problem oh you ' re so trusting in that if say well yeah exactly but if apple had built in a way to get into their phones someone else who ' s a criminal will discover

Cluster 2
8. that ma i can ' t that ' s er that ' s your maths? yeah i can ' t do it it ' s gone out of my head again it ' s need to know information thank you thanks so it was how much did we say it was? um forty - six fifty but okay i think we can round it up and say forty - seven i don ' t think i need
11. er your account because we take microsoft takes this very seriously mm obviously cos it ' s and erm er so i er i filled in the form and they said oh there ' s not enough information on here so i thought oh what i i need to have erm access to my email er on my computer at work you know cos there was stuff i ' m i print from it and all
14. is this watch oh no what did you get? did you get lazza? no i didn ' t get lazza just the paperwork oh no the tests? no just my kind of send out information stuff oh is d ' you need d ' you send in your? is that to you send that to you? yeah some of it i ' ll have to hand in so i ' m hoping it
18. my mas when i did it at met em i found that the resources there they did have a lot of resources yeah but it was the help there oh right eh it slightly different because they have an information desk there yeah but it ' s all just sort of general queries and i know our library is slightly smaller than that library as well mm and they ' ve got libraries on different campuses yeah so i
24. when we finish we will just show you just briefly how to use it or we can think of something yeah and then you erm this isn ' t quite the sh there ' s like a recording information sheet that ' s got it ' s basically this but just in smaller format yes erm and then everyone needs to sign one of those and then that ' s all you have to do right do you
25. need more there ' s a field there ' s a field here anyway that talks about mother about mother tongue and yeah nationality so that ' s fine we can which country is influenced yeah and the recording information sheets you can find on the website which is here yeah i think i have seen i have seen them before yeah yeah yeah if you want to take more you can but if you only want to take one
31. s always kind of june july there ' s p eleven ds there ' s class one a national insurance there ' s various things to go on youyou ' ll also have to update your erm information at companies house erm it de it depends what she is going to charge because a lot of that you can do that online yourself you can do p eleven ds you can do er which generates a class
33. them innit? yeah and including an invoice for a hundred quid a hundred quid hundred quid yeah a hundred quid yeah it says you know like invoice for providing information information you know blah blah blah a hundred quid and then at the bottom putting rates of rates of er er service you know a hundred pound for every half hour or part thereof you know solicitors you
34. innit? yeah and including an invoice for a hundred quid a hundred quid hundred quid yeah a hundred quid yeah it says you know like invoice for providing information information you know blah blah blah a hundred quid and then at the bottom putting rates of rates of er er service you know a hundred pound for every half hour or part thereof you know solicitors you know
38. and cabbage and broccoli broccoli so it was a very healthy dinner apart from the and ice - cream yeah ah la la la la yeah la la la la la here this is some information for you just os you know broadcast getting ready yeah just so you know protein you you for every two grams of protein you know your body weight? right okay for every kilo of your body weight right
39. i just thought i ' d try it on that so i put but it was coming up with like one seven two two so i thought okay and then it found it okay and i gave it more information so you need to be more specific yeah that ' s fair voice recognition has come on but it ' s still not perfect no no so be nice when it is you know what i mean? when you
40. er information sheet and you have to sign off a the permission form so oh which is only right they should have that record for them yeah so so other than this mixture of ecclesiastical and erm naked profit - making
49. country like if you grew up in the valleys and you didn ' t you know you you ' re your background your family background it makes a difference to your attitude yeah absolu to accessing information no absolutely on the internet yeah if your family didn ' t read books background and things website for information they would rely on the newspapers yeah well if you ' re if your family wasn ' t politically engaged
50. your background your family background it makes a difference to your attitude yeah absolu to accessing information no absolutely on the internet yeah if your family didn ' t read books background and things website for information they would rely on the newspapers yeah well if you ' re if your family wasn ' t politically engaged it ' s probably highly likely they could grow up not politically engaged as well yeah that ' s i
51. stronger than any of the other professional groupings because erm going back sort of thirty thirty - five years or so when it all sort of started to kick off there was an absolute dearth of information that students could look at on what it ' s like to be a logistics manager on a wet thursday afternoon in february what would you actually be doing? erm and so nationally erm people did job
57. s plenty of room yeah but erm you get like a proper bed and mm erm and then we arrived in shanghai in about seven hours and when we off the train and there was a tourist information centre and so we go up there to ask where to stay and this man was really nice erm explaining you know and he kind of whisked us off around the back and put us in a
58. take you for free to your hotel oh dodge and then basically it all unfolded and we got there and we weren ' t like forced into staying there but it turns out all the people at the tourist information booths were various different owners of the different hotels so where you stayed depended on who you spoke to at the tourist information booth and which hotel they owned so he just whisked us off to his hotel
59. t like forced into staying there but it turns out all the people at the tourist information booths were various different owners of the different hotels so where you stayed depended on who you spoke to at the tourist information booth and which hotel they owned so he just whisked us off to his hotel it was really nice though and that was actually probably the nicest place we stayed by far but he actually provided good
61. really tired i think they were all the apartments were they had names weren ' t they? were they? yeah i think they were sort of i remember walking around the lake and they had all the information boards didn ' t they? and you ' re sitting er stood and read them and the different birds and things and the their habitat and what there was the funny - looking geese yeah weren ' t there
71. love of my life cos he ' s okay so weird okay he ' s got adhd he ' s thirty - six he ' s got three kids all of which i found out like staggered information post yeah okay not on his profile no but the thing is i was trying to explain to like all of the mental men that i ' ve met through the site i ' ve felt like they were all
82. s get that not mine no both aren ' t they? not nice oh get surgery and go why is there a pen? incision very small incision very small i like be careful gains packaging information four hun like three hundred and seventy dollars for a penis can you imagine? penis erect bungee cord you got to use it to extend it banjo they ' re gonna unhook the banjo make
84. so having to go into the bank and ask for special forms and yes yeah like scanning and all this yeah it went on and on and on and then they failed us so we sent them all this information i sent them the details of how much savings i had which was easily enough for the whole year mm and they failed us but they didn ' t tell us they failed us and then what really annoyed me
94. a primark shall we just go somewhere else? what do you mean you want us to go and get off? no i mean if it doesn ' t go to it goes to is there any information guys anywhere? what? no we ' re on the train that goes to and it ' s and we ' re doing a bet as well well maybe let ' s check it fiver but i don
95. yeah wednesday night look it did though are you trying to be funny? no yes you are you ' re just doing exactly what we were talking about in english no yeah you actually just did no rubbish information the rubbish information is great half of what i say is rubbish that ' s very true you know i ' m joking anywhos erm i went out i went i came down to on wednesday yeah
97. ' re scared of water? yeah apparently mm really? you see them in the film yeah they bring water and they go gosh that was territerrible in the seventies? all those public information films about rabies you ' re still in er so i ' ve got to erm okay i should know i should know this fear of erm er dogs? yeah it ' s a golden answer
98. no you just keep showing me what erm what we ' re doing are you hungry? mm? are you hungry dinner time little girl right erm so evening lectures is the fourth part introduction to information services is the fifth part are you sure this is the same as the powerpoints yeah? erm pretty sure i ' m sure that ' s what he said right okay ten runs so that ' s
99. minutes okay and then by the end of this forty minute session sac and that reading spee er speed reading test oh speed reading speed reading and then some reading comprehension alright you alright? just some more information about reading basically okay session six think it ' s fairly easy really but it is there ' s not much many changes from last year no session six thirty minutes just telling them about the rsac you alright
103. would save it as well if it becomes a listed building wow it would be cool though to have a contemporary gym and leisure centre there i ' ve not read all those but there ' s not enough information about what ' s actually going to be in it it just depends if they ' ve actually what ' s in the thing? i mean yeah but if you think in thirty years ' time are we gonna
104. when you suggest that then? no i ' m generally suggesting keep it simple mm don ' t add too much get them to look at your website everything ' ll be in the website give them simple information that they can take in not tell them everything that ' s on your website mm on the board so they can ' t read anything no yeah and erm there was one guy just done one for he
118. the the essence of it is is that you ' ve got to have can your driving licence not be it though? you ' ve gotta have a massive database but you ' ve gotta be because what information is on your driving licence like let me have a look because i dunno the you only really add to need to add a few more things don ' t you like what have we got? name um
120. ' ve got your your your medical records your dental records or whatever like but they can see what they need to see so if you had an id database you ' d have to have all of that information there linked with your fingerprints and your iris scan yeah uh and everybody ' d but they do they do link but they would have something very sh uh have to be uh very uh careful to make sure that
126. this they would ' ve told us so and so or if the if we ' d asked so and so yeah because i think you all tend to get like a card don ' t you? with information on it mm about who you are and what you ' re doing yeah and the idea is to go round and to speak to people obviously and find out information yeah that ' s it erm i have
129. paying attention? are you serious? it was at the end i weren ' t paying attention last couple of pages sociolinguistics sociolinguistics i think i ' m forgetting something though okay information module guide module guide one two three four five six seven eight oh oh yeah you don ' t have the lit review that ' s why okay okay assessment your module guide okay that ' s classes classes where
131. i hate how you only get an hour yeah because you can never really do anything in an mm hour and also you then have to do five million lessons on writing in a booklet about yeah god safety information when you ' re cooking a cupcake like don ' t put your hand in the oven oven because it will burn i always remember things like like that just gonna get a sponge it was so bad just
135. er account with orange? the telephones the one? the new phone yeah yeah um they say you ' ve got two messages fifty free minutes to speak mm and i don ' t know how much information that you can download or you know they set a limit on how much internet you can use yeah even though they say it ' s unlimited they do actually set a limit there ' s a there ' s
136. computers saving paper yeah our electricity bills used to come on a piece of paper two - thirds the size of an a4 mm mm yeah and you know they ' d print back and front with useless information ba um credit card statements used to come on the same sort of size mm and now every credit card statement i might get my average number of transactions on the credit cards is probably two or three a month
145. to see well feels like my game is bugged where ' s my hud? i cannot see did you say your hud? heads - up display? yeah like where ' s all this information? okay oh well i ' ll fly around these things are quite difficult not to crash in yeah they look a bit difficult to manoeuvre there ' s quite a few trees in the way as
155. would have got that information well the second year the second year well no cos erm no cos the first time that i applied for student finance i used my mum and dad ' s financial information mm and then the second year and then after that and then after that i cottoned on that if i said i was estranged from my dad i got shit loads more money do you wanna have soup yet
158. that? oh my god i can imagine that it was like it would be like gardener ' s world or something having a six year old tell me tell me information so i can write it tell me information was that what you were asking all those questions for? i don ' t have information i need information was that why? no she ' s like short circuit you know like johnny five out of short circuit
165. people ' s farts but you know apparently you do my hobby documenting farts here you go that was fun thank you you ' re welcome so i don ' t think you can get any more information from google about what to do with your eggs no no i ' m now just looking at the measurements of making oh it ' s asking me to put them in the processor but i ' ll try to
201. s a great big mm carbuncle but when you look it ' s just a little tiny white spot or something like that mm mm but then i think they give you all this sort of information on fixodent which i think right you know cos cos they say oh wear it for a while and then your g yeah gums get used to it that ' s it yeah and then
203. make i ' m gonna make have i told you what i ' m gonna make? mm make a tower with the looking at mm from the end with with the shape of the church yeah behind with information on it about yeah about it and you could put money on coins and lift a lift a flap that will ring a bell if you put put the biggest bell is the one if you put a note in
210. go i ' ll take the there ' s not too much written about it yet because it ' s so new isn ' t it? yes so it ' s a bit difficult to find articles and information about it mm mm academic trails mm absolutely but they ' re on sale now are they? yeah yeah are they on sale now these watches? erm yes mm yeah they ' re about four hundred pounds
212. it then? er depending on the severity of the offence oh i believe they can have however many days up to a week oh i got a text the other day from the and it said for your information and you know these erm i can ' t think what they ' re called but they ' re lesson that they have to attend but it ' s just for like study time? what in sixth form
213. attend but it ' s just for like study time? what in sixth form? yeah er yes have they got a name those? it has yeah yeah so i had a text to say for your information will be er your child your son daughter will be kept back for detention on the seventeenth of march for not attending this oh class told me about that obviously a genuine misunderstanding mis yeah or he was at the
226. they ' re gonna a free demonstration of how to use them it looks really good but she handed us a leaflet if you ' re interested fill this in and we ' ll send you some more information and one of the lines was ethnicity yeah why? what ' s ethnicity? are they gonna see ooh you know en anglo - saxons signing up for our are they are only ethnicities interested in doing
229. ' d be a bit bloody prescriptive yeah i know mm damage the results somewhat you have to say you have to write down the first words they say the person hang on huh what? recording information sheet i have to write down what we say? you the freelancer should complete a copy of this form for each recording you make yeah speakers on tape in order of appearance oh please give the name on
231. of erm lots of letters so it is quite a long walk when you get in b so he might have thought he ' d got but you have more than one platform presumably? what? the information point perhaps there ' s an information point at the end of each station well the in i think when you go to the information point it ' s probably the one that ' s next door to marks and
232. it is quite a long walk when you get in b so he might have thought he ' d got but you have more than one platform presumably? what? the information point perhaps there ' s an information point at the end of each station well the in i think when you go to the information point it ' s probably the one that ' s next door to marks and spencer ' s oh it ' s
233. d got but you have more than one platform presumably? what? the information point perhaps there ' s an information point at the end of each station well the in i think when you go to the information point it ' s probably the one that ' s next door to marks and spencer ' s oh it ' s somewhere just inside the door because otherwise you would have to go through the barrier to get to
235. sort of at least eight or ten ticket windows and you have to go past there and then down the stairs or the slope and there ' s all the restaurants and things you know and what was the information office that ' s no longer open the erm you know the one and then you go out of a door at the very far end there which is the back of the station in street mm as in
241. a letter to say that you ' re happy for the navy to put me forward for my medical not going to mention anything about needing to be mentally fit not going to mention that shit need to know information and they do not need to know that right and if he says well what about the haematoma i ' ll say oh no no it ' s fine i ' ve told them about it and
257. kinda like mafia it does yeah and he doesn ' t sound like someone that ' s trying to get into my bank account sounds henchmen like what do how do you transfer money? like what information do you give? you give your sort code yeah and your account number which is the account number? that ' s on the back isn ' t it? no it ' s it ' s the big
258. ha ha that ' s funny and then ' s he ' s got a s a similar phone well exactly the same as that we put the battery in that one and he ' s got all his information on there so we ' re not using it well where is the phone? you can just delete it wipe it well he said you can ' t because it ' s not it ' s on er
259. you see what kind of? well it would only have the numbers what kind of? he said it was alright we ' ve just got to go put our sim card in that one what kind of information would he have on there? um you can ' t have that much information on your phone surely no well it ' s all people ' s addresses and things and mm mm mm mm i think if you
260. of? he said it was alright we ' ve just got to go put our sim card in that one what kind of information would he have on there? um you can ' t have that much information on your phone surely no well it ' s all people ' s addresses and things and mm mm mm mm i think if you take his sim card out and put your sim card in it should be alright
264. s cooking can you hear her cooking? yeah i like it when you see them cooking erm can erm we ' ve been looking on a couple of different websites and there ' s like conflicting information i think we want set menu f can you just confirm what ' s in that please? set menu f? erm what is it? it ' s like half an aromatic duck and king praw
265. ' t read the letter yeah i didn ' t get any emails about it i didn ' t and like he was like oh did you not check the website? i was like well actually for your information every time i tried to click onto it from the internet it said page not found he was like oh i ' m like you ' d think for something quite as big as i saw that what is what
267. it? i did the chicken and sweet potato curry oh the curry yeah at the weekend and had that for lunch today god he ' s eating well round here who ' s giving you yeah all this information? yes all these recipes? yeah i ' ve got a good collection now we ' re having boeuf bourguignon on sunday but again it ' s the slimming world one you '
276. look this is the website this the company website here mum this is the company website yeah called macafem yeah and you can read up about maca f maca erm here with all the information you need to know i don ' t know where my other glasses are can ' t read in those do you have a this is the other website i used to write for how do i properly did you
277. ridiculous i mean for christ ' s sake did anybody bid do you know? did you go? cos you were talking about going well there there was a price of one seven on the on the information if you go online yeah and look i think there ' s a price of one seventy - seven right so erm obviously they didn ' t accept that so it ' s at that was over at auction
278. to see go online just after and see if it ' s sold mm or whatever oh is that what you did last time? yeah if yeah oh okay just go on and it it it gives you information of all the plots that are available or were available and oh right and you know so you can and what they went for? go on and have a look yeah oh okay yeah yeah oh yeah i know
279. s name and i tracked down mm her father ' s name and you know within three or four searches then adds then adds erm yes yes that ' s it because there was a reasonable amount of information for mm mother ' s mother mm and erm mother ' s grandfather which actually explains explains a lot right because not that they always pretended that erm she was as she was no it seemed to me
280. are two types of person er who are um er or the church divides them into two types there are lots of types but the church divides them into two types mm of person who are seeking you know information about the church there ' s those that have been baptized in another christian church like me mhm as i was er when i um was received and there are those who are not baptized mhm and the
282. about cultural differences as well though isn ' t it yeah i think er from what i see from a lot of international students is the the er the information of of mm you know wanting to put more information on mm so obviously the mm i ' ve seen a lot of cvs where they run mm to three or four mm pages i think the most i ' ve seen is seven pages mm i don '
283. ' s gone by mm so how do you make your cv number thirty - nine mm mm stand out in a pile of sixty mm mm and then you we all know that cvs have mm set information you ' ve got your personal details on there you ' ve got your education your work experience your skills section so it ' s looking at what are your unique selling points now mm it might be your social
284. we want it for on the twenty - first i don ' t and if if you we always say there ' s three things that you ' ve got the scope the quality and the time mm what information do you need? where you ' ve grown up where you like languages you speak and it ' s all and then also it wwants something like what what area has had most influence on your accent
286. commercial? has a commercial? this is yeah yeah yeah it ' s not very arty there are things that have to be on it like you know? recyclable logos and stuff customer information mm okay very good mm i guess it ' s so the people who need people to do that as a job know that they ' re not artists who like do something that isn ' t actually any useful
288. yeah? i don ' t know the best way to make the decision what would you advise? convince convince? yeah he doesn ' t seem that open to convincing mm well could like find russian tourist information stuff that illustrates that people do regularly go to russia all the time it ' s it ' s not that weird and they do survive i don ' t think he ' s genuinely afraid no funny i mentioned
304. use facebook for absolutely yeah yeah um because you just get a mhm wealth of information in one area it ' s a little bit confusing or complicated it can be yeah yeah yeah data overload or information overload yeah yeah yeah i would call it mm but so facebook in a way is faceless isn ' t it well it it ' s n well because it can be are you dissing his sorry
313. and in other styles there it can be something called the a doi doi mm and that ' s like a special number that if you type that in you get the page up with oh a lot of information of the book oh erm and some er disbn as well mm and you ' ve got to put the title of the book in italics yes well that oh yeah varies as well oh right you
315. has forwarded is here and it was sent to loads of people let ' s have a look there ' s er actually there ' s a there ' s a name on it please find attached some information you may find useful the wellness coaches is there a at all? are running a sport from wha and then this is the email here oh dear good morning thanks for the invites and generous invite i have
319. the bidding yeah where is it? it ' s gone um unsold what a let - down oh are you disappointed? i ' m gonna relist it can you just add all the same information? or do you have to enter it all again? yeah so here insertion fee one pound thirty buy it now thirty - eight additional pictures sixty gallery free total so it was two pounds twenty - eight list
328. oh sorry you ' ve woken up called well it ' s organic it ' s made from a chemical that comes from the chrysanthemum oh really? yeah yeah ' s bored with that information yes you can see is that all that ' s in that box? no what ' s the chemical? i ' m about to tell you i think it ' s called pyrethrum it '
330. you any more yeah and that ' s really stupid but it ' s the way it seems to be no it ' s no stupid look at that no i don ' t want you to send me information relative to my booking thank you very much yeah don ' t give a shit why is everything so complicated and confusing? please work please work please work please work yes yay you ' ve done it i
332. then you ' ve got to listen to everything and i don ' t like that so i was like there ' s signs? and then once you get in inside and realise there are no signs and information it ' s too late you can ' t go back out because they ' ve in fact they erm they invalidate your ticket so you have to then rebuy a ticket to get back in
345. ' t they? no not in there and when was this? november two thousand and nine so you you might you might find something on a later thing that ' s for info mm you know an information email they don ' t like the phone calls because they have to answer i was on the phone or one phone i persisted and actually i came off the phone and went on rephoned them on sky
346. ' re gonna turn into a robot i ' ve turned into a robot with it mm but erm they ' re fairly short descriptions actually but the the time it ' s taken in looking at the information that ' s what what takes up the time yeah i see reading through taking in the information correctly anyway it ' s really boring but and who ' s gonna check it though i mean what ' s the
348. i can see you kno yeah how much work to be done you know? to get it done it was quite unclear two weeks ago do you speak eng? no mm is there a lot of information on these sheets? that ' s perfect mm accent dialect what have you put for that? what? i don ' t know which country has most influenced your language the way you speak? england not japan
357. english version of a japanese onsen in a posh hotel big hall big hall yeah like hot like hot and cold and oh yeah i really want to do that er would you kindly give them that information for you after your erm? yes i ' m posting it yeah erm yeah let ' s do that i so appreciate it oh you do now oh okay then it ' s nearly finished oh good
359. necklace i need a new shelf ikea i need a house you need a house? i need a house too i need to move out cos i ' ve got too much stuff there is er information er about a new pokemon game next week good fucking how would you feel if i bought you the zombies versus plants game for christmas? well i ' d consider it a present to yourself it ' d be
362. their in their shop they had guidebooks to and thought that would be a good idea because i ' ve been before but i mean obviously yes there are notices up on the site but you get more information from the guidebooks that they do so i thought right okay i ' ll do that i ' ll go and erm i ' ll buy the guidebook now and at some point i ' ll go
364. jobs that are on oups british website you ' ve got all the requirements all the job description all what what you would imagine yourself to be doing all the different responsibilities the salary brackets right the any information please contact this person eh please full in your online application with a cover letter and a cv it ' s all there for you and it ' s all transparent it ' s all there okay you look at
367. don ' t bother sending it to me i ' ll ask you when i need it but you know really? i ' m not very good with with that in one way in that they send me information in three weeks ' time you will need to pay these people they don ' t know exactly how much yes yet but this is the invoice es guessing on how many days and hours we might and
368. people they don ' t know exactly how much yes yet but this is the invoice es guessing on how many days and hours we might and i think well i don ' t need the guessing information yeah i need the real invoice yeah don ' t send me the maybe don ' t send me the maybe and then it turns out that they so i file the maybe just you know in case
369. see now i ' ve got two three records for because that ' s that ' s you know you can never have too many no well never but that but if i open it it says no additional information for this contact this phone is quite annoying open that one oh this is your number isn ' t it? it ends three six five? double three six three six five yeah so that ' s you and
370. t even attend cos it was fully booked but erm because i sa i ' d in expressed an interest in it mm they like emailed me to say erm like to give me the information on like the powerpoints and stuff that they ' d yeah presented in the open day and yeah they said that they don ' t even read your application so you spend like so long on your personal statement
373. enough resistance you shouldn ' t feel like you have even five minutes left in you when you step off she says you ' re a sl stand up straight that ' s interesting don ' t enter your information most machines are calibrated for a hundred person aim to burn around a hundred calories in ten minutes you don ' t change directions going backwards doesn ' t just stop you from it also changes what
376. on it and your voice ' ll pop up on the internet oh god mm that ' s horrible no not at all i th as far as i know anything to do with your name or your personal information that ' ll be deleted from this so n yeah no er that ' s fine they won ' t know if you say your bank codes or something like that they won ' t it ' s all good
380. like youtube but what i think he would probably say as well is that they ' re all short erm yeah that ' s for me yeah thank you they ' re all short erm bits of information about the charity yeah it ' s what people want you know they thank you they they do wanna know they they wanna see a video but they also wanna see mm where ' s this come from? why
385. what football supporters got up to was it wh smith ' s in had an entrance on two corners didn ' t it? it did street and street mm the chemist on the corner and the tourist information office mm in between that ' s true debenhams did as well didn ' t it? yeah well it wasn ' t debenhams at the time though was it? and wasn '
388. of like racism and football under some like committee you know association for not being racist and homophobic in football that ' s not its name obviously yeah um and they ' d like sent out loads of information to all the premier all the clubs in the top three divisions in the uk like saying um this is what you can do here are some ideas about how to prevent racism and homophobia and only six clubs
390. and you can chop it off and hollow it out and if you put poison in it it changes colour so you know that it ' s poisonous gosh how useful what i what what book does this information come from? can ' t remember okay i see and there other additional types of unicorn? probably well so far you ' ve only said male and female is there one that ' s not made up?
399. mozilla well i ' ve noticed cos i was trying to do something the other day i can ' t remember what but i had to find out where google chrome was storing all of the information mm and it isn ' t it ' s not like internet explorer it stores it in this really weird place like really deep inside somewhere and it ' s it ' s a real hassle getting getting to
401. all insurance it had to be renewed you know they were annual contracts and there was a procedure so that the um at specified times the rail companies whoever they are whichever rail company it was had to provide information at certain times and they didn ' t they missed a date and er i was worried because um you know if there was a problem with the renewal and there was an accident you know the sce the
403. - mails at all yeah so if you um if you go into settings oo if you turn your phone on um applications mm and then settings mm um accounts and synch and then this this information here this background data mm that ' s constantly checking things mm like your e - mails and mm it ' s er accessing the internet all the time mm so disabling background data extends battery
424. if you do this and i think oh gosh it ' s er and it ' s okay really okay it just says it ' ll u lose all your saved inf mm mm all your er information you have not saved yeah yeah it ' s it whatever you ' re working on that ethat expect that you have been working on something mm like supposing you ' re working on word or or
426. the whole it ' s just a franchise isn ' t it? so you every time you buy a t - shirt with it on they get something it ' s just huge there ' s so much information on youtube oh well it ' s great it ' s just how do you use it? i watch it i watch it over tv at the moment youtube? yeah you know like cos that i i
429. th when they brought out the data protection thing and so on they for schools they ' ve brought out a erm a regulation where you weren ' t allowed to ask the same parents for the same information twice more than once if you ' ve asked them for the right yeah information and they have provided it finished oh that ' s like yeah yeah yeah whereas we used to oft i used to say look
430. they ' ve brought out a erm a regulation where you weren ' t allowed to ask the same parents for the same information twice more than once if you ' ve asked them for the right yeah information and they have provided it finished oh that ' s like yeah yeah yeah whereas we used to oft i used to say look why why are we doing well it ' s easier like this i mean and
433. aunt ' s i think i ' ve seen it have you? i think your mum showed it to me oh really? take it off can you take it off? yeah can you tell me what information it has got on the back? because it ' s got a number that looks like nineteen twenty - eight or something but i don ' t know whether that ' s the year let me go and get
436. says at the bottom never mind it does say at the bottom ings just say say the names yeah cheers in oh good shot not bad we ' ll we ' ll just say what ' s the information that ' s on the screen pretty much here ' s balasi whipping the corner balasi oh it ' s out to castro here ' s a shot it ' s bolognaise and rabbit no huh?
437. you come and pick us up because we ' re hungry? yeah yeah so you see how many er cat notices are on this window yeah notice there ' s that one black cat mellview area information to shop there ' s one black cat lost my black cat yeah you were right i can ' t believe you remembered that like here every time you go passt here there ' s some cat there '
440. and intercultural er you know conventions like yeah yeah cos i it ' s funny yeah but they it that has different notions of common sense right different notions of yeah like you were s volunteering information yeah you know because teaching that ' s what teaching is isn ' t it? teaching grammar like those jokers down at international house when we did when i was down there u they they ' d give
443. email them on computer i really don ' t know mum it might be you know? i have to ask but i ' m gonna email microsoft and just say to them look stop asking me for security information i am who i say i am it ' s my email it ' s the right password that i ' m logging in with stop asking me doing my head in cos like i ' ve there '
447. erm it ' s it ' s enough in there too because erm in the mid to late twentieth century i ' m not quite sure of the date erm it was used as a tourist information centre and then fortunately therefore they put down paving it had been a mud floor and when it was a mud floor it was the right kind of floor and it absorbed the dampness oh as soon as they
455. i use to do i on the um er compaq er you know the pc that i had er mm mm which you know when you go in to the hosting er website which holds all the information you ' ve got a web er um download on there so you can download it to your computer but you know i tried it dozens of times and it just won ' t download onto the mac it it
457. we need and then i ' ve got so that ' s transfer voucher arrival departure yeah that much bet fine cant imagine it will be mush more complicated than that oh here we go departure information it is essential that you reconfirm your departure pick up time no later than twenty - four hours before your flight you have three easy ways to obtain your pick up time for the departure transfer our mobile
458. ##ll pieces but it ' s really i th i think i went to the erm museum at i think it was oh yes and and they they they talked you through and there was a lot of information about how they built the railway yes mm and and the and it was a really difficult build because it ' s marshy land and they had to build these bridges and it was just absolutely oh yes yes
462. interested so erm only cambridge? yeah or any other university yeah so i erm you know i logged in to to have a look at the format and sort of erm see what kind of information we needed to put up what erm and you can ' t see the adverts unless you log in so yeah so i logged in and it was my old account and it had all the old
463. to that you know to find jobs on weird internet sites it came down to going to a company ' s website and looking for it and er applying they ' ve got loads of erm ecm information in the er foyer to the university centre? yeah and i was erm that ' s where the other day and they ' re obviously trying to get more undergraduates interested well there ' s quite a
474. take time to work usually about two weeks but sometimes longer you may be more likely to think like this if you have previously had thoughts about killing or harming yourself if you ' re a young adult information on fro er from clinical trials has shown an increased risk of suicidal behaviour in adults aged less than twenty - five years oh my god with psychiatric conditiopsychiatric conditions er who have treated
476. ? yes gonna wander round woo who ' s that weird girl? erm there ' s a few things like i wanna get like maps for everyone so i need to like go into like a tourist information or something er what just wanna have a wander round what would you do? and li er how would you like what would you do just stay there one night? yeah i ' d have to where would
481. are and she was from mm so that that ' s not too far no not at all no and that ' s his death certificate i think yes this is the the electoral rolls give you so much information on different there mm erm so these are and these are things that i research things for me and done with those oh that ' s oh no that ' s ' s daughter and then we go then
483. find my past find my past yeah really or ancestry dot com i mean you have to subscribe to it so you have to make a payment yeah but they ' ve got l so much erm information erm yeah they ' ve really got so they ' ve really got it and is it expensive for the subscription? i don ' t think it ' s i can ' t remember now but it '
487. erm but the thing on ' s website is useless i mean it ' s ridiculous there ' s a couple of like a couple of like so which college has a decent gym? but that useful information yeah that ' s quite a privilege but but that ' s not actually helping people none of it has been what it ' s targeted at which is helping no disadvantaged students get even a more even footing it
490. is angry or not yeah er and so what they ' ve started to do is releasing these videos short bit of audio essentially actually so it ' s just audio not cos also when you also take information from the face when you ' re looking at a video so it ' s just audio like queues on and they ' re paying people like twenty i think it was like twenty p or someth like
491. as it ' s relevant to them then we ' re not spamming them yeah he ' s like yeah okay so we should do that and then i said okay encouraging people even just to leave their information if i put if i write some things to go on like a guide to a guide to translation or guide to search engine optimisation but in a foreign language even if it ' s just like a
493. and you can put yes or onto that ' s basically it em so i wrote three three different things for him i said if we put them on the website people want to click to download their free information on whatever it is and then in order to download it you ask for their email cos they ' re getting something cos they ' re getting free information and we ' re getting something cos we
494. people want to click to download their free information on whatever it is and then in order to download it you ask for their email cos they ' re getting something cos they ' re getting free information and we ' re getting something cos we get their email went on the fucking website today leven ' s top tips for something or other my fucking writing oh god as is as if he ' s
497. says we ' ll have a bit of a job justifying actually running the genotype cos they ' ve got it ' s about seven thousand quid it reckoned it cost although on my information now it ' s down to about two now well isn ' t that the price to do things? yeah and erm then i said oh i ' m on the er on the the research pane
502. and one that ' s worth two m so most of them are worth two marks that ' s where the bulk of the marks come from and there might be a calculation one or something or read the information it looks very er there ' s a lot of stuff on that diagram a lot of stuff to read yeah well most if it ' s my writing to be honest yeah my answers i can ' t haven
509. thought you just in the pop - up message where ' s the pop up message that appears when you open the browser? if google chrome is currently running you may first need to restart it for more information that ' s a i ' ve never had anything like that happen no this is this rapport it mm checks websites if they ' re safe or not mm and it ' s installed on the internet browser
510. things oh i see oh have i clicked on a right thing? cos caravan yeah it ' s just not showing you the caravan yeah i clicked on view accommodation didn ' t i? accommodation yeah information yeah but yeah they they look nice these type of lodges mm it ' s probably a lodge those type of ones aren ' t they? oh look archery golf we could bring back our love of golf do
511. colloquialisms like bangers is it good doing while there ' s alcohol involved? i might listen to it tomorrow and just delete and not submit it eh yes british spoken corpus speak information sheet yes so if you could just sign this consent form and sell me your soul oh god blimey that would be great em yeah basically i it just all gets recorded and then put into the database
512. the term so oh we ' re gonna pitch it differently hopefully obviously you know sixth formers sixth formers are smart i mean well we don ' t need to spoon - feed them basic primary school information but i still think there ' s a misunderstanding about mental health yeah so erm we can talk about it ' s still not enough you ' re breathing very loudly er? you ' re breathing very loudly
513. you ' ll have to count the calories and if it ' s zero it ' s nothing yeah yeah hibiscus rosehip natural flavourings apple sweet blackberry leaves there ' s like no nutritional information it ' s gonna be leaves isn ' t it? so a flavour of leaves is it can ' t be much can it? no i wouldn ' t have thought so it ' s good to have
517. photos they don ' t have anything and they they they actually there ' s one website and it ' s just got on it on the first page erm go into your local shop and get the information and then come back to us and oh no and of course you can ' t compete with it because they haven ' t got the overheads that we ' ve got so yeah and have you thought of
518. just started doing this website package thing this new thing she came to see us last week and erm and i ' ve just opened up the emails and erm we ' ve started to get the information through uh huh in fact we ' ve just got the that ' s that ' s the first bill mhm but it ' s good i mean it is a good price but how it ' s going
520. emails every single day from supersavvyme yeah yeah yeah so all they ' ve done is there was no sample they collected your email they ' ve got me to go in got all my information so they can email me and there ' s nor erm there ' s no sample but i ' ve tried to re all the stuff they send you it ' s all this no reply stuff oh yeah
522. it ' s not important i have to sort of pick out the stuff that that needs to be summarised mm mm mm mm because i ' d you ' d i do it for all the information that ' s coming in for current patients but i do it for erm new patients as well so every time a new patient comes in i put all of that information on i have to go through it
523. i do it for all the information that ' s coming in for current patients but i do it for erm new patients as well so every time a new patient comes in i put all of that information on i have to go through it mm mm and there ' s previous summaries from other surgeries that i can just scan through and pick out the cos sometimes there ' s stuff on there
524. it ' s free it ' s not free mm none of it ' s free it ' s expensive really expensive so instead of like we flash our dna appointments up at some surgeries they flash more information up now mhm so we flash up you know sixty people didn ' t attend their appointments with doctors last month but that ' s all they flash up but they should start flashing up please cancel your appointment
525. all they flash up but they should start flashing up please cancel your appointment name and shame this is the number to phone yeah yeah this is our email address ema and they should start flashing up more information yeah and they should flash up it costs the nhs whatever it is i forget the figure now fifty or start penalising people who don ' t mm they can ' t they ' re not allowed to charge
526. that in order to get your course endorsed which is what they call it you ' ve gotta do this you know you ' ve gotta do all yeah follow this procedure you ' ve gotta follow all this information so and it was not a straightforward thing you had to do a course to show that you ' re able to teach so a very like a basic teach your class so what yeah what you do is you
529. might have to pay you have to pay erm you know? and this receptionist i know they ' re they ' re bloody ridi they ' re ridiculous receptionists you give them a bit of information i know yeah they think they have you know? they they just so stupid like whenever whenever we ring up for the doctor ' s they ' re like oh so what is it that ' s wrong?
530. er or mm some kind of app within facebook and you think oh yeah i ' ll have a look at that yeah and then it says to do this you need to allow yeah access all of your information blah and yeah yeah yeah yeah and allow it to post on your behalf yeah and i ' m like what? er no thank you yeah yeah they always say that don ' t they? mm yeah and
534. i wouldn ' t be happy with that no so when they register i ' m gonna i ' m gonna take my glasses next time i go and i ' m gonna look and if there ' s information on there i don ' t like like address and date of birth i ' m gonna ask for it to be m removed for and and i don ' t want it because it ' s there until the
535. disabled parking well then ask about parking normal no it doesn ' t ask about parking oh what do you mean ask? i ' m not asking well there must be something that you can click on has information yeah well i actually surprisingly isn ' t providing me with very good information what time do the car parks open? is there local transport? blah blah blah visitor information what time does it open? what?
536. about parking oh what do you mean ask? i ' m not asking well there must be something that you can click on has information yeah well i actually surprisingly isn ' t providing me with very good information what time do the car parks open? is there local transport? blah blah blah visitor information what time does it open? what? the car parks? yeah don ' t know let me click on that
537. something that you can click on has information yeah well i actually surprisingly isn ' t providing me with very good information what time do the car parks open? is there local transport? blah blah blah visitor information what time does it open? what? the car parks? yeah don ' t know let me click on that seven a m no i don ' t think we ' ll be that early no i mean
540. don ' t i mean all the related ones mm we we got a program huh mm that we we delete ours in otherwise if you delete it outside this program it ' ll leave all the information about the photograph on the computer mm in the blank and all you got is a blank space but the information of what er what the photograph was yeah all the metada d er data and everything er mm
541. ##ete ours in otherwise if you delete it outside this program it ' ll leave all the information about the photograph on the computer mm in the blank and all you got is a blank space but the information of what er what the photograph was yeah all the metada d er data and everything er mm is still there so we have to go through the program to delete it you can ' t delete
542. you? oh right you get so you get so much so many gigs you know free and then you for any more you mm buy some more space so there must be a server with mm all this information about everybody yeah all over the world yeah you can dow literally down upload everything all your photos all your documents to the cloud and pull it wherever you want yeah and and all your software you can put
550. this that and the other no it doesn ' t work does it? and and when you look into the roaming bit mm you ' ve got er it ' s got loads and loads and loads of information that you ' ve you ' ve you never put there that just go there mm and that ' s the bit that is using up all the all the memory yeah there ' s loads on it cos
553. parcs that weekend so he wasn ' t at the open meeting and he messaged me and said i won ' t be there will you be there? can you get listen out and get any information for me? so i said okay so after it i messaged back and said everything that you need is in the shakespeare in the park website so you can download all the audition pieces from there did say
554. a text to say sorry for the late response erm i ' ll have you organise the social for the pub tonight i ' m going to try and get a pass out come down and get the information then so i said yeah it ' s on facebook i put it on facebook with we ' re going to the probably there about ten o ' clock after our rehearsal so i can ' t remember what time
556. it ' s really stressing him out he ' s very busy so he has a lot to do and then there are like calamities because his partner lost the tablet that has all the inventory information things that are like annoying really annoying to him i ' m if somebody for me of somebody loses something i ' m fully sympathetic i ' m just like yeah know what you know what like he doesn '
557. to a text message service or browsing online through nokia phones materials are delivered ththrough nokia life an application pre - installed on nokia mid and low - end mobile devices and offer personalised information for daily living learning sharing to millions in developing markets primarily to those who never use a pc that ' s interesting yeah so what they ' re saying is kis keep it simple yeah? so they '
559. m trying to get er a a a context of is that stuff sounds cool what things can do while he ' s away to feed into this kind of thing? well i would say for your own information you need to know how big the markets are and how big the industries are you need to get the financial information so that when you go when you go you ' re going in with right i know how
565. that looks okay actually third to the fifth of august is the only thing i ' ve got booked in at the moment so that ' s very good let ' s see you can ' t pick up information about people on there though can you? yes should i show you? i ' ll show you with one so you okay so this girl has sent me erm she has to according to the site she
567. improvement having to write letters isn ' t it? yes i remember years and years ago when you those things you used to you used to have disks and you play them on disks and gave you some information i ' ve forgotten how that used to work oh right i know we had some of the early machines in our office but that ' s yes okay so i ' ll just save that at the moment mm
570. ' ve got is a batch of houses that kind of need to go up at the same time but being bought at different times so part of your build is delayed like if you ' re waiting for information from a customer or like or kind of you ' re just delaying cos you don ' t wanna don ' t and they don ' t have painters onsite like no all the time so they
574. months couple of months then he ' ll er be in that won ' t you? i was going to look as well wasn ' t i for a weaning book do they give you any information i on what to feed them have one from my mother - in - law she gave me one yesterday oh did she? yes what make was it? mm i have no idea who ' s it by
575. ? or where something that ' s right in front of you look at the signs mm or you know it ' s like parents at school we sent yeah two newsletters even a text and loads of information about a reading morning we had and the parents still turn up and say when ' s the reading morning? oh is it today? well we didn ' t know yeah we ' d ' ve got the
579. t he? you ' ve gotta get him three yeah three months it ' s gonna take us about that time oh for a child ' s passport now we need erm all of the grandparents ' information we need everything it ' s ridiculous you need marriage certificates and all sorts it ' s is this because people are abducting kids do you think? are they clamping you know you know?
581. here we are darling so we must be able to get back to it now etc technical college i mean actually get a better sense of it if you walk don ' t you than by car yay information centre view cafe there ' s a view cafe the green green chain walk that ' s called park yeah it ' ll be anonymised anyway sadly but i ' m not gonna anonymise thames
582. they make you go on a circuitous route for absolutely no reason except for crowd control yes and you you ' re very aware that that ' s what ' s happening here ' s a a er information these this looks old please follow the royal charlton trail logo as indicated on the metal fingerposts and posts along length of the trail that ' s a circular walk we ' re yeah we ' re not
584. i i seem to be getting everybody else ' s blooming words i ' ve added them today we should see all the friends from that f pile in have you got ' s the erm tourist information? no i ' ve got that on mine f er put get on this are you on facebook? no on the computer i ' ve got the website what time do you go to stations of the cross
585. don ' t think he gave me a form did he give me a form? it was just one a4 sheet he did give me no he gave me the clipped thing that had the all the information on the thing and that was that and then he and he did say to me oh there ' s another form yes that was about a week or so ago but you don ' t need to send that
587. never done tofl before so i had to erm get on the er the internet and i ' ve i ' ve got a couple of books er copied erm but haven ' t got any information from them mm dunno how that ' s gonna go so anyway yeah got the one lesson erm lesson tomorrow and another one erm on monday it ' s as i say the work ' s promising
589. said that you have to do it as we er this that list that they send us so i ' m guessing we just compare to that list in an email for each person right and just write the information next to it okay i ' ll put it in a word document so we ' ve it ' s always somewhere saved okay dunno what message to put for why i ' ve just donated ninety - six
590. of invitation yeah oh except for citizens of great britain usa austria belgium germany italy what was that? we you don ' t you don ' t need a loi okay well if you on the additional information is says erm addressing uzbekistan where are you? are you on the embassy website? i ' m on the it ' s the application form mm oh okay you ' re on right okay well then maybe
591. but it was something in in the i think that had all the details about something yeah oh i know it was something to do with an auction yeah and it had all the details but but the key information of when it was you know so yeah it said where it said what it ' s selling yeah et cetera et cetera et cetera yeah and it gave no indication nno as to when no
592. there anywhere to buy them in if there ' s any outlet save queueing tomorrow these ones online had to be done by yeah the thirteenth of august yeah i saw mm could do could go into the information centre in? yeah they might have they might be somewhere because they did say online that you can either buy them now or buy them from one of their nationwide whatevers you might think that somewhere in might
594. herbal remedies and herbal living for gen just a general website mm and like i ' d write an encyclopaedic article about it a potato like history of a potato the scientific information about a potato a potato how to cook a potato no way it was hilarious oh my god have you still got them? have you got like a portfolio? no cos none of our work was i
600. there ' s always something is it? oh once you put in oranges it will come up wikipedia oranges are well i don ' t mind wikipedia actually it ' s usually got some sort of information on long dead people oh it ' s got information or something like that or yeah mm but ap it ' s it ' s fed by the social media isn ' t it you know people can put it
601. you put in oranges it will come up wikipedia oranges are well i don ' t mind wikipedia actually it ' s usually got some sort of information on long dead people oh it ' s got information or something like that or yeah mm but ap it ' s it ' s fed by the social media isn ' t it you know people can put it on yeah well not any more they can ' t
605. be wrong that ' s right but it is like the whole idea is good isn ' t it yeah it is good that ' s brilliant yeah i mean when you look up it would have loads of information about in it yeah what people have put in well yeah yeah well maybe loads maybe not depends on most of them direct you to the website yeah yeah yeah that depends depends you know how many people are interested
606. not not quite as good as the book that way no no you know cos a book you open that way that ' s right and you ' ve got a space to put a little bit of information in there as well about what the pictures are actually about you know and they have yeah yeah now they have all different types of books some books you you can open and you can ' t see it co
610. pen? it depends if it ' s difficult for me to know what ' s superfluous cos i don ' t actually understand it i think that might be there this is the actual data information about the company so that ' s fine that explains what they ' re doing how they ' re doing it in terms of visual communications erm okay err what was that you oh yeah you suggested putting

Cluster 3
5. and mhm has considered me dead you haven ' t lived with mm ha she hadn ' t even spoken to me for three months god at all > had spoken to me mm and had relayed information but i hadn ' t heard from her for three months they booked a family holiday nice and left the country without even telling me fuck yeah er and i got my a - levels and they went absolutely sc
7. card and i wanted to know but like three years ago and i wanted to know why and i requested it from credit er experian thing two pounds and then they ' d give you all this information but it ' s really unclear like mm they give you this status history with these numbers that don ' t mean anything to you and even with the explanation you don ' t understand and i got a store
9. should they? shouldn ' t no nothing that ' s what they said but they did they had the police helicopter following them too yeah mm they had the and they the police helicopter was giving all the information to the police that were following him that ' s about eight cars eight police cars following this one car but they love it don ' t they? and a police helicopter yeah the police love it don '
20. newspaper that a third of all swedish people have relations with their dogs is it a third? a third of all swedish dog owners have relations with their dogs where have they taken this amoun er this information from? god knows it ' s the sun they made it up but yep when they say a third did they actually mean three? no not a third of the population they gave a massive number i can
21. a third did they actually mean three? no not a third of the population they gave a massive number i can ' t remember what it was now showed it me where on earth did they get this information? huh i didn ' t tell you did i? they ' re having a night out again at work hmm? a night out at work i wasn ' t invited again what night out? it wasn
23. printing red and black at the same time so that so wow has a cost implication and how often mm like how many are printed a year roughly? or is that not something oh that ' s classified information no we don ' t want to know yeah we we do ten different i can tell you we do ten different bible translations yeah mm hm wow ten now that ' s good altogether yeah but the king james
26. post you ' d think what more punishment could there be having been tortured by the taliban? yeah but you know all the time that he was with the taliban he was trying to collect intel find out information it was like he did he didn ' t intend to be picked up by the taliban he just where did he think he was going to go in afghanistan? well he was just hoping he would just be
28. have no idea how you ' d look up what the process of i ' ve no idea either the the whole judgement process i suppose you could google the er french judicial system that would give you some information ah the judicial system mhm as opposed to the legal system of course yeah mm pardon me but you ' d want it specifically for france because they ' re all so different french judic fren it
35. ##sh and is he with anybody else? not i didn ' t ask mm but not that i ' m aware of and i you know i ' m not seeing any he didn ' t offer that information but he seemed quite happy cos is still with the bloke? i haven ' t seen her for a long time but she was last time i saw her yeah which was oh was it october
43. the way we came i remember this bridge but also erm one of the things i don ' t like is how people now after the referendum are saying oh erm neither side provided us with enough information about how to vote and i think part of being a responsible sort of active citizen is doing your own research and finding out like you were saying about the miners mm sort of came together to mm to b
52. you are entitled to legal protection against discrimination yeah and er you d and it ' s right that you are yeah i think is the key point and her age didn ' t compromise her ability to relay information mm to the public yeah i think that ' s the critical thing um it made her and it didn ' t necessarily make her you know it it ' s i mean do you select employee er er presenter
60. things how to research and i had a group of chinese students last year who no matter how many times i told them they had to pr they had to choose valid and reliable er sources to get their information from there was still wikipedia two thousand and eleven popping up in all their essays so i just showed them i put it up on the that ' s the worst the screen and i chose the thickest student
63. bonus you ' re not losing any money to bill gates or steve jobs or yeah and of these and what i found with these er new laptops and er windows is that they are trying to extract information from you all the time if you notice that erm computers constantly engaging with the internet so yeah they ' re taking information off you that ' s why i don ' t like so yeah i get the
68. ? what do you know about that? well i ' m yeah what do you know? i have er i ' m in the business i ' m well i do think you should be sharing this information i can i can find a wow i think it ' s ju only as as marco has said he seems to be the only person interested in finding out this information oh well and you ' re wel
69. do think you should be sharing this information i can i can find a wow i think it ' s ju only as as marco has said he seems to be the only person interested in finding out this information oh well and you ' re wel i ' ll i ' ll give you the password it makes you it makes you worry you now bruno that you know too much about who killed my father and if
70. they tell someone and word gets round but that would be but the point is in the past they could have been sacked for that or even taken to court themselves over that for you know breach of confidential information but now they wouldn ' t be doing anything wrong everybody knows it ' s supposed to be all open true as lawyers though when we look at confidentiality obligations they ' re very difficult to enforce mm because
75. ' s a shame when they loved it so much yes that ' s right yes obviously but they they ' ve erm because there ' s a i i i will tell i will give her the information which is in the book but the information in the book is different from the information that has got when she was doing a history thing yeah eighteen forty - seven and the story is that that the money was
76. so much yes that ' s right yes obviously but they they ' ve erm because there ' s a i i i will tell i will give her the information which is in the book but the information in the book is different from the information that has got when she was doing a history thing yeah eighteen forty - seven and the story is that that the money was raised from local landowners and according to the
77. obviously but they they ' ve erm because there ' s a i i i will tell i will give her the information which is in the book but the information in the book is different from the information that has got when she was doing a history thing yeah eighteen forty - seven and the story is that that the money was raised from local landowners and according to the book erm most of them reneged
78. isn ' t it? yes that ' s right yeah but erm anyway well it ' s i ' m not i ' m not going to i ' m just going to let her have the information that ' s in the book yes if she wants to have the information time outdo or anything like that mm did you read it all did you the book? oh crikey no i i mean
79. anyway well it ' s i ' m not i ' m not going to i ' m just going to let her have the information that ' s in the book yes if she wants to have the information time outdo or anything like that mm did you read it all did you the book? oh crikey no i i mean i dipped into it very dense it ' s it ' s it '
81. i have no idea what you ' re on about you ' re reading a book? you ' re terrible you could have texted me i would have backed i would have helped you giving you all the information for your lie no no it was too full - on too soon i got this believe she thought it was from you when she opened it mm i would have twigged immediately i ' d have been
85. tell the agency and the agency were like on holiday so they wouldn ' t tell me what the result were and i ' m thinking i paid you i gave you a lot of my personal and sensitive information yes and and you ' re telling me that you can ' t you ' re not at liberty to give my information so if the reason they do it is because the letting agency can just tell you what
86. ' m thinking i paid you i gave you a lot of my personal and sensitive information yes and and you ' re telling me that you can ' t you ' re not at liberty to give my information so if the reason they do it is because the letting agency can just tell you what they want to tell you so even if this company passes me they can still request that i get guarantors and
93. you don ' t actually walk down to the archive and get me that piece of paper i will be in this position chasing things in january i have an official application going through and i ' m requesting information it ' s not a choice mm you don ' t have a choice whether or not to provide me with that mm if you don ' t give it to me as i request it the royal navy will
107. keys and you ' ve got a a jaguar it ' s two hundred and fifty pounds for a a new key is that all? is it? well how do you how do you come by this information then? think it ' s about the same yeah cos ' s got one he ' s lost his keys no erm what? something must ' ve happened for me to what happened i m i
113. left when we got there and after we ' d been to the apple shop he was like i need to go for an alcohol pooh and i was like oh please can you not? share that information i were more drunk than i realised last night yeah i was like walking home where did yous go? just oon to and that ' s it really didn ' t we? yeah yeah but we
114. your phone yeah yeah i can ' t you can ' t put it off there ' s no way of signing out as though whatever you connect to on the internet i imagine that they will be feeding information about that in storing it in some little database about my preference is so that they can target me with advertising i ' ve got to i ' ve got it open on mine i can sign out on my
115. threshold you still do have an opportunity where women come regularly hopefully most of them to do the cervical smear test mm and at the very least it seems to me one could be providing those women with information about the other cancers and saying to them yes this is what the symptoms would look like if yeah you have those symptoms do not be afraid to to go to your erm you know to ask your gp
117. been ill yeah inevitably aha erm but i thought the whole problem is erm yes yes well it ' s erm he is there the mother and the father oh right collapsed does have any information about? i thought it would be he wasn ' t really thrilled about it yeah and then there was that key thing yeah you ' ve gotta then help find out how central we can be yeah i think
124. start lying to one person well i wouldn ' t have lied you have to li on mm or not lied that ' s the wrong word not telling the yeah whole tru or not giving all the information well i just wouldn ' t have mentioned it and then if she ' d found out we could have said oh yeah you know well we mentioned it ages ago you ' d just moved haven ' t thought
125. his dad again and erm and it was mm so ' s been emailing him telling him all his life history and whatever mm and went don ' t bombard the boy mm with loads of information just tell him that y this is how old you are this is mm what you ' ve done just a little resume of your life and if you wanna know anything and apparently his first wife died oh and
127. a card don ' t you? with information on it mm about who you are and what you ' re doing yeah and the idea is to go round and to speak to people obviously and find out information yeah that ' s it erm i have done er a little one before wwith the guides oh yeah what was that? with er? on a guide camp oh ookay it yeah yeah sorry
133. t know they were volunteers in some way yes and he used to run one of the one of those he was c colonel or something and mm they used to come used to come to my dad for information how to run the war something something like that they were good good pals really they were he was much higher ranked than my father but er yeah so where was your dad in the first world war?
134. check mm to see whether that february one was mm paid in arrears or not but you need to speak to somebody mm as well and say look you know is this right? yeah get the information before yes talking to anybody it ' s def it ' s definitely right cos they ' ve sent me a letter to that effect but who did the letter come from? um the department that pays the
137. stage how what? i don ' t know that is bonkers yeah bonkers didn ' t you ask any more? no why not? if you ask people questions they stop telling you giving you information oh okay haven ' t you noticed that with? yeah but that ' s the sort of thing that warrants at least one question no that really? i know i thought it was funny that is that
143. ##m yeah? checking out the feasibility of maybe coming to school here mm erm i haven ' t spoken to about it no er because i i thought i ' ll need to get a bit of information behind me before i do it yeah erm of course so what did they say? well when i enquired before i said that er the admissions date yeah is such and such er was sort of
146. re talking about the er planning appeal rather than the oh development control committee mm the the development control committee meeting was put off mm it was scheduled for a february mm and ref had refused to provide additional information that had been requested on noise mm and the day before the dcc meeting he mysteriously pulled a rabbit out of a hat and said here ' s the additional information and if you recall council er at the
147. and ref had refused to provide additional information that had been requested on noise mm and the day before the dcc meeting he mysteriously pulled a rabbit out of a hat and said here ' s the additional information and if you recall council er at the dcc meeting the following day pronounced himself totally satisfied with the information that had been provided by ecotricity and er queried that mm and demanded to know and
148. ##c meeting he mysteriously pulled a rabbit out of a hat and said here ' s the additional information and if you recall council er at the dcc meeting the following day pronounced himself totally satisfied with the information that had been provided by ecotricity and er queried that mm and demanded to know and that ' s when it was adjourned for a month then but that was the dcc meeting rather
149. from a pretty low base and that was all in two thousand and nine? that was two thousand and nine so very quickly we got ourselves organised mm and right fellas let ' s get as much information as as we can mm on everything mm on the company and mm what a wind turbine is and what it does and mm visuals and everything er and then we were er we started researching ecotricity er
150. to know that before they buy it? yeah they will yeah they will how are they gonna find that out? there ' s supposed to be a big package coming through their door with all of the information about the land okay the the legal pack okay cos you have to read the legal pack before you buy it don ' t you or you should or you should do the whole it ' s quite big
151. ' t need to we just need your passport number i was like i could have done that before i left and then they said that we were fine and we didn ' t need to give any more information or whatever and turns out my mum ' s financial information wasn ' t specific enough cos she ' s not with my dad even though they haven ' t been together for years now yeah but you don
152. was like i could have done that before i left and then they said that we were fine and we didn ' t need to give any more information or whatever and turns out my mum ' s financial information wasn ' t specific enough cos she ' s not with my dad even though they haven ' t been together for years now yeah but you don ' t live with your mum you haven ' t lived
153. live with your mum you haven ' t lived with your mum for years no exactly yeah i know but she she she ' s like my financial person so then they had to give had to send more information when they finally contacted us and then then erm er sent my declaration three times to even though i ' ve trained changed my address so they ' ve like they ' ve just totally fucking ballsed up
154. split up when i was nineteen like eighteen and i was like you ' re still asking for proof it ' s like clearly like the first year that you applied for student finance they would have got that information well the second year the second year well no cos erm no cos the first time that i applied for student finance i used my mum and dad ' s financial information mm and then the second
157. is that? what kind of flower is that? oh my god i can imagine that it was like it would be like gardener ' s world or something having a six year old tell me tell me information so i can write it tell me information was that what you were asking all those questions for? i don ' t have information i need information was that why? no she ' s like short circuit you
159. ' s world or something having a six year old tell me tell me information so i can write it tell me information was that what you were asking all those questions for? i don ' t have information i need information was that why? no she ' s like short circuit you know like johnny five out of short circuit? oh for god ' s sake she ' s not input need input need input is
160. or something having a six year old tell me tell me information so i can write it tell me information was that what you were asking all those questions for? i don ' t have information i need information was that why? no she ' s like short circuit you know like johnny five out of short circuit? oh for god ' s sake she ' s not input need input need input is that why she
164. beautiful evening where they shared a bed and a strap on is she is she a bit bi? i don ' t know i ' ve never asked i didn ' t want to know any of this information she just ggave it to me ask there we were at ' s house and we were sat there and then she just started telling me about how she had a sex swing and how she had sex
166. plate think he ' s tired now he ' s always in a mood mm erm are you going to sleep? what? oh yeah erm i ' m not going to need that bit of information if you don ' t want to go i ' m just wondering if you want to go seen as oh i see erm if you did want to go i can arrange something for us to go but
169. ' m gonna search it out oh it ' s a not very good picture though is it? no just i just want the no well it isn ' t anyway you want the information just want the information it doesn ' t look u very inspiring but it ' s supposed to be a century sixteenth century manor house? sixteenth century manor house but it doesn ' t look like it there does it? at all
172. can i ' m just gonna say one thing cos i was gonna do yeah a digression before yeah about when you were saying that your mum and gran had maybe chose to withhold certain information yeah yeah i think i might have mentioned it before but i think i told you that i ' ve got these relatives they ' re my mum ' s cousins right and they ' re doing the family tree
180. ? didn ' t miss do that was it? no miss brought in a charity that focuses on preven spreading yeah er no since nine eleven oh that that oh yeah that one on on giving factual information about nine eleven and how to deal with islamophobia oh yeah yeah and she brought in that fucking giant he brought in that giant that giant guy oh my god that that that took away from everything
181. don ' t look at mine no sorry it ' s alright i ' ve got contacts in right okay so you know what that is now yeah so you can use that to your advantage so you have information and you can use like maybe later on you can accuse her of having that card and eliminate her or whatever ah okay okay? yeah so now it ' s my go oh oh god go with daddy then
186. or three okay but a minimum one okay i ' m building again okay red and a multicoloured old london town that ' s me done alright i ' d keep it a secret probably keep that information to yourself sensitive isn ' t it your have you done it? have you finished yeah? yeah you ' ve given him points yeah? yeah when can i build? oh no it ' s your turn
190. cut all sugars out what stage two? i don ' t know what that this is type two? yeah pre - diabetic yeah i ' ve gotta go up tuesday to get all the information from the nurse and all that sort of business and what diet you gotta go on and i know it ' s carbohydrates mostly cos carbohydrates actually turn to sugar and
192. a licence anymore driving licence and i said yeah he ' s and he was like yeah well i i had a ban and er when he told me a few weeks ago he didn ' t offer any information and i didn ' t pry i er figured you know it ' s not my place to and he said he was arrested for reckless driving and i said right what does that mean? were you drunk?
194. were in the pub and he ' s like er i ' m really surprised you ' re still here and i was just er it ' s just so much information for me to process yeah so much information and the thing is you can only make allowances for a person if you think that they ' ve learnt from their situation or er you that they truly regret it yeah and he and he obviously does and
197. flame throwers and mines and i hope this is so far from the truth i mean would they not tell you? i mean that ' s what you need to ask really that ' s quite crucial information yeah i think i need to ask this that makes me feel like i can ' t breathe very much mhm oh and strobe lighting oh my god you just wanna be sick ahh yeah i
198. not equal by any means yeah it ' s like men and women it ' s not equal here no it ' s not equal anywhere really that ' s her husband hmm and he ' s giving them information about her he ' s such a massive knob yeah you think he ' s being a knob but but he ' s actually doing it because then any information about her that ' s being made available to the
199. her husband hmm and he ' s giving them information about her he ' s such a massive knob yeah you think he ' s being a knob but but he ' s actually doing it because then any information about her that ' s being made available to the navy he knows about right so you hate him now i ' m sure he said um well maybe he said think he said i thought he said that was
205. t exactly need to be shot because they should never be able to get to where they are yeah but basically that ' s their ide that ' s their job is to like round up as much information about these people as possible to stop any actions being taken against the country you know or externally that ' s their job he said yeah but they need to like go out of the country like kill them but
207. it so i think i could so long as it ' s not damp i don ' t know it ' s greyer than it was yesterday it ' s grey i ' ll try and find out information it ' s even more grey than yesterday i don ' t know what these mean sunrise was at six thirty - five sun will set at seven thirty - three oh it ' s so nice when they say
209. know where i want to go because like they said it was vital last year and it was fucking shit there was no point even going yeah like it ' s saying this meeting will provide you with important information about the forthcoming academic year therefore it is vital that you attend although second year i guess it might be a little bit more important yeah explaining things well we we ' re going to be there together we can
214. ' s done a seven morning a week paper round mm at post office and erm you know if you want a character reference please like to contact and i said to because you ' re offering that information they probably won ' t no no but it ' s good that you ' re offering it and they ' ll think oh yes yeah they ' ve obviously got nothing to hide type of thing so erm
221. ? yeah people cheat in games? yeah no basically wow what people do is they ' ll be in skype call and i know i was talking to but i wasn ' t actually telling him outside information that would really affect the game yeah erm i wasn ' t telling him information that would influence the game or give him an unfair advantage i was just trying to help him out with his role as you
222. ' ll be in skype call and i know i was talking to but i wasn ' t actually telling him outside information that would really affect the game yeah erm i wasn ' t telling him information that would influence the game or give him an unfair advantage i was just trying to help him out with his role as you should but you get but you get some people who will skype each other and
223. give him an unfair advantage i was just trying to help him out with his role as you should but you get but you get some people who will skype each other and they will tell them outside information yeah that they shouldn ' t know unless you like that they shouldn ' t know about unless they were told outside erm and you know sometimes you get people who are members of the mafia who rat out
228. that ' s it that ' s good at least you ' re sort of g recognising that now aren ' t you? yeah yeah so okay well you ' ve given me loads of information there but are you eating okay? yeah and generally yeah going to the loo okay? yeah yeah and everything ' s fine no headaches? no or anything like that? no no generally and sleeping
236. i just i suppose yeah yeah no to resolve uh well you can ' t you can ' t end these sorts of debates can you but uh obviously to keep fighting you have to keep digging out more information and it would it would get ridiculous you yeah y i mean you could find yourself having spent many hours researching researching social network theory and researching statistics of of urban you know all these demographics and like standard of
237. to sound like cos already there ' s been so many emails especially from me saying well what about this and what about that? because because of yeah well they haven ' t been very forthcoming with information no no not at all and they it seemed like they were quite offended by my questioning so it ' s like oh do you just take it on faith yeah well it ' s quite a big thing just
238. it mm and then if you think tunisia still had a lot of apartment blocks and lots of people we know lived in apartment blocks yeah mm i ' m not sure at all there ' s just no information about i mean i ' ve seen some lovely little pictures people playing football on the beach and stuff like that but then the beach is empty apart from a few footballers it ' s like well yeah i don
239. you ' ve got mail there yeah how are you supposed to know? yeah there doesn ' t even i mean i can understand they don ' t want to send the email to you with all the information no they just they could just send an email saying you have got an alert yes you ' ve received yes a secure message yeah on the bank website mm mm very annoying yes sent me an email inviting me
243. helping? we ' re going for a twenty - five starrer it ' s all yeah it ' s all helping whatever you want whatever you want can ' t you give me a bit of good information? no go on then mum mum can ' t give me some then i ' m gonna have to discard i ' m gonna discard that one okay good choice you don ' t have to disc
247. money ah and remembers his dad making some he only got some with blue squares so he said right and he was saying about it and i said well ask your dad you ' ve gotta get all this information from your dad before he ' s not around to ask where can he go? where can he move to? so it ' s about how you made the slabs and how to do this drainage or something
253. daren ' t even go into it mm mm but if it was a hundred percent muslim the police would be muslim as well so yeah that ' s right yeah mm where ' d he get that information? i mean i dunno he was supposed to be some some pundit wasn ' t he? yeah and it when they questioned him about it er oh my resources mm well what resources? oh i
254. oh my resources mm well what resources? oh i ' m not i can ' t at liberty to i c no you think well if these resources were so poor that they give him that sort of information yeah surely his total credibility has gone out the window out the window yeah cos he ' s reliant on such poor yeah yeah resources yeah you think well you know but they ' ll still pay
256. erm receive or proc like retain information as well if it ' s on a screen as it is on paper yeah probably even like typing and writing is different i don ' t know if keeping information is my goal no but even sort of like processing it understanding it yeah yeah i don ' t know i can ' t like i can ' t really i can ' t remember like i don ' t
262. let us out we have to go to the toilet you must provide us with water at least and em to be able to go and get some food and they were just weren ' t giving us any information about how long the delay would be or when they would be able to let us out to go to the toilet and i think in the end they let us out and they gave us some free food but
270. about that yet but wouwould they would they have told her that i ' ve been into the police station? no no no they wouldn ' t no give them no any of my no information? no no no no confidential cos obviously all my details are on their no they no confidential she gets none none of that full name address yeah ye it it ' s all on there who is who
271. m not saying that it ' s true i don ' t know cos i ' ve just heard ' s side of the story but just to let you know this happened what you do with that information is up to you so i sat on it for ages like i find out i found out before christmas last year and i thought well i can ' t tell her before christmas that ' s a real dick
274. that the government is going to crack down on some charities who sell your information if you give money to some charities mm and there loads of charities mm they can they ssome of them sell on your information to other charities who then mm i think that ' s i think that ' s dreadful i know cos you know? some of them it ' s very difficult cos they might have a box but
285. six months long i suppose it ' s the bloody adverts isn ' t it? er what channel is it on? it ' s channel four it doesn ' t i ' ve got no information that it ' s going at any point i think the last time we watched it the adverts sort of petered out after about the first advert but yeah yeah that ' s true i think
289. ? and they said apparently what did the guy on the end of the phone say? the guy on the end of the phone said yes well we ' ll be getting back to you with some more information about it soon as if just to say please don ' t contact us again oh god go away what are they like? it ' s what they do she just calls people to tell them that the car
290. think he ' ll get it but we said we ' d fill it out so your dad took it round and first of all she wasn ' t filling it out under any circumstances it wants too much information disclosing your dad said you haven ' t yeah she wasn ' t going to give her national insurance number to anyone why? i said they ' re just checking you ' re not some polish immigrant
291. ##o er might wait until after france oh okay got another yeah are you flying to nice? couldn ' t tell you all i know is that i ' m turning up and don ' t have any information well text me when you ' re there yeah that ' ll be an hour difference between us then not two yeah yeah and i ' m not sure where we ' re staying on monday night how many of
295. ahead it ' s not it has it ' s just not rumours erm but it ' s just when it will happen i ' m you know i don ' t think and where to get the information from that ' s the thing exactly like i said i mean we went on the website and they had changed it from february so somebody had actually bothered to something ' s obviously being done but it ' s
307. attendance allowance finally she didn ' t want to do it oh for oh for? mm oh okay cos she wasn ' t going to do it because she ' s not going to give away personal information and said well it ' s not means tested you haven ' t got to tell them any of your assets oh they want my national insurance number why do they want that? i ' m not giving them
310. with all the people there and but they all just sat round playing video games all the time and just being like regular people damn it and he was getting annoyed because like he wasn ' t getting any information for the for the government so he he started like goading people on and like talking about er like jihad and holy war all the time oh yeah and stuff and they reported him to the fbi like he
318. change cos if it ' s down to and then up again actually there ' s possibly better options like would be better or would be better so er it ' d be worth ge actually getting that information out of her okay yeah cos although you know to fair it ' s not her fault no no i mean would be the obvious option yeah yeah um but is is is i mean just next time you
322. that she has to wait for a midwife appointment mm no you don ' t you don ' t get a midwife appointment till later on you get referred you why on earth are they announcing this information until now yeah in twelve until twelve weeks yeah like so they haven ' t even had the scan right? yeah she ' s not so they ' ve rented they still they ' ve rented a house and
327. i ' ll relax but you know you don ' t know mm he ' s gonna cos he sounds genuine and he ' s not like being s he just he he ' s asked me for information and he ' s saying that he ' ll do it and oh like maybe he ' s already done it and it ' s sending it now it ' ll just take a while cos it ' s
331. timetable for her but i ' m i ' m gonna make her think things through for herself as in if she asks me something i ' m going to say okay if i give you this bit of information i want you to go and think about it and work it out for yourself have a go you know just because sometimes you ' ve got to do that at work yeah and and just try and get her
333. ll have to contact so when you ask her all these questions about pensions and stuff i d i don ' t know erm so when are we? you know? wwe can ' t get this information and in the end we said look this isn ' t good enough well i don ' t blame me i ' m only getting information for i said a it ' s not good enough because we should '
334. when are we? you know? wwe can ' t get this information and in the end we said look this isn ' t good enough well i don ' t blame me i ' m only getting information for i said a it ' s not good enough because we should ' ve had all this information right at the beginning in a pack well no we ' ve been told that you ' ve got to ask
336. email to him? i ' ll tell you in a minute anyway we get to we get to erm i go down to and i said i ' m sorry i said we are trying to get information out of i said and we ' re not getting it i said now i ' m not sure whether are not passing her the information on i said but we should ' ve been given this information immediately i
337. i said i ' m sorry i said we are trying to get information out of i said and we ' re not getting it i said now i ' m not sure whether are not passing her the information on i said but we should ' ve been given this information immediately i said when are we going to get our money? because we know well mum i don ' t a blow by blow account of everything
338. get information out of i said and we ' re not getting it i said now i ' m not sure whether are not passing her the information on i said but we should ' ve been given this information immediately i said when are we going to get our money? because we know well mum i don ' t a blow by blow account of everything you said no we we know he turned around to me and
340. into her and about this and he said oh i ' m sure she ' ll be alright about it and this that and the other but she came down to see me anyway couldn ' t get any information about my pension okay mum when are we getting round to this bloody email? like i ' m gonna go through menopause by the time you ' ve told me this conversation oh yeah oh yeah yeah
342. other way i said but with the exclamation mark i find it offensive anyway one bit of punctuation eh? yeah so anyway this woman that sh i ' ve been trying to get information about my pension what i should be doing and this that and the other when does my pension start? does it automatically start? whatever in mm the end i gave up i phoned the pension people direct
343. keep your wine in but not quite yeah alright has he gone? i said i would buy him petrol help to buy him some next time erm yeah i ' ve been trying to get er some information about er pensions? topping up my pensions and it ' s crazy er i i got er this number from this form er this letter they sent me which is and then then they said no you need to
344. ve got to go and phone this nu i said i phoned it already and i ' m just going round in circles mm so what was the outcome? well nothing i couldn ' t get any information so your best bet she she said try your local pension centre and that must be in i should think probably mm your best bet is to send a letter to them all the same letter to them all with
349. re not no accent dialect?? no i have not been no i ' ll just say london mm mm mm they should u be able to tell though yeah be honest yes i am er all the information you have provided will be full and correct mm mm i wonder what they ' re gonna do with it mm samples of spoken british english which will be used to inform all kinds of research of the english language
354. were like fill in your profile cos i went to it and i was like oh god had all these really inane questions on it and i just thought you know i ' m not giving you information on this and i ' m not giving you information on that and i ' m not giving you my address yeah i know and i ' m not telling you what my favourite colour is you know i '
355. to it and i was like oh god had all these really inane questions on it and i just thought you know i ' m not giving you information on this and i ' m not giving you information on that and i ' m not giving you my address yeah i know and i ' m not telling you what my favourite colour is you know i ' m like go away i know i know i '
358. starts that quite soon but that ' s just for the olympics so after that oh right so it ' s not permanent? no no it ' s just an olympics er job and i tried to get information from her but she wouldn ' t really divulge she ' s being she ' s sort of avoiding the issue no she ' s being good which is fair enough it ' s cos i '
360. move out? uhu but i think i ' ve managed to negotiate a rolling contract so i ' m gonna say yeah i saw your facebook post and i was like yeah oh mm this is new information yeah so i ' m got two people coming round on monday to take a look uhu one ' s a girl twenty - three a journalist and then one ' s a twenty - eight year old spanish
372. as you go it ' s got credit on it erm the phone was reported as erm taken on erm saturday morning perhaps around eight eight thirty maybe nine you ' d have to get that information from my mum unfortunately because she rang er yeah i ' ll have one thank you i phoned them yeah they did they gave me a long number would you like to take it? yeah let me just
375. the answer it ' s like binary yeah yeah it ' s like a binary computer yeah it ' s got to be yes and no yes and no yeah and by asking the right questions you get this information and he found these ten virgin girls they were thirteen no no i ' ve heard this story thirteen years old i ' ve heard this story yeah? yeah yeah i ' ve heard the story yeah and all
377. donor okay yeah he just went home yeah that ' s the bit that there must be some legal thing as well they ' re when he gets to eighteen or something he ' s allowed to yeah get information yeah about his dad yeah now whether he can go and meet his dad i don ' t know but he can certainly get out get information like his name i would imagine how old he was where he lived
378. gets to eighteen or something he ' s allowed to yeah get information yeah about his dad yeah now whether he can go and meet his dad i don ' t know but he can certainly get out get information like his name i would imagine how old he was where he lived the guy can choose that can ' t he? i ima i imagine when he makes a donation mm mm that he says never or
379. mm mm that he says never or yes when they ' re eighteen i guess they ' ve got that control haven ' t they? i think he d i think they have to by law give basic information about themselves yeah yeah they have to disclose mm i suppose on the moral grounds is that if the child ever did want to find his biological parent father that ' s the only way that well i suppose as
381. something for all different types of parents yeah where they can have quite a minimal kind of like erm supervision yeah of their child ' s devices some parents are very strict will wanna see a lot more information yeah or there could be real reason why there could be something genuinely going on with that child where they ' ve been acting a bit mm yeah like oh wow i hope he ' s alright or what '
382. ##m and then they ' d arrange to meet and he ' d be there with his cameras and erm the guy would turn up and he ' d be filming him and then it was all the information would go to the police and he ' s he had like ten convictions from it erm but it was a god it was a documentary not very not long ago what ' s it called? i '
389. ' d be like fuck off you ' d be like no wouldn ' t you? yeah so a thirteen - year - old he ' s free to leave the police surely? no they pass that information on after after they ' ve put it all over facebook and stuff the decoy house for paedophiles is next to a kids ' park how fucking retarded you can do that with people
391. ##d on another thing oh about the beer glasses the beer glasses they want for the bell ringer oh yeah erm phoned and er mm mm i hope i ' ve i ' ve got the information he sent to me i ' ve forgotten what the beer glasses were for now? for church? oh they forgot to pass pass the information on to mm? no they ' re not they ' re for
392. mm mm i hope i ' ve i ' ve got the information he sent to me i ' ve forgotten what the beer glasses were for now? for church? oh they forgot to pass pass the information on to mm? no they ' re not they ' re for the erm er i can pass that on to who are they for then? for for the bell ringers at they want to them
393. ' s going to this party and then yeah we can go to yeah so what time is the party till darling? are i don ' t know oh i don ' t know trying to extract any information is a challenge well there ' s well well in the countryside so it ' s probably like ten it ' s not way out in the countryside it ' s only in i know is i know but we
395. ? oh she was the one i might have been text i did text you about erm two weeks ago erm? when i was in scotland oh her? who who where have you got this information from? did she tell you this? erm no and told her told us this did she spoon both of them? we were we were talking they were talking about how brilliant is at spooning how
406. the same each time they ' ve based it on the chapter they ' ve given us to read right so i mean i ' m still doing the reading cos obviously i do get a bit more information yeah more details and learning personally yeah yeah like more examples and stuff yeah erm but i find it more helpful to do what our seminar tutor ' s asked us to do is to like look up media
407. cos it were torture like you had to yeah outline what you ' d done we had to outline what we ' d done so far and obviously we met up once and we ' ve got some information but we haven ' t gotten a proper structure yet right cos we thought we have until the twenty - fourth of march right erm so the guy he text me and he was like oh i can
409. e yeah and er someone did at my er my work actually and it it they were they were sort of reporting it and in some ways it was good that they ' re following and giving you the information about this yeah but think of the reverse they ' re also scaring a lot of people yeah basically this flu as far as i understand it was just normal normal flu it was just a kind of flu
418. they ' ve been particularly articulate about working with people or doing something whatever it is they could edit that take that bit and put it into their their digital cv and then they can reference back that information and say this was an interview that was conducted online about this particular topic and you can see how i answered the questions and this is me and what i really think so the strength of the interviews will come
421. know yeah cos they you know yeah you kind of think oh you know i i appreciate your you know sort of candour yeah er er and and you know that you ' re sharing this information with me but i wonder what information you share about me with other you know yeah you kind of do wonder about cos it ' s awkward isn ' t it you know cos i remember the er
422. yeah you kind of think oh you know i i appreciate your you know sort of candour yeah er er and and you know that you ' re sharing this information with me but i wonder what information you share about me with other you know yeah you kind of do wonder about cos it ' s awkward isn ' t it you know cos i remember the er like i cos i know that
428. mails me quite a lot er he ' s text me quite a lot and doesn ' t really say much mm do you know what i mean? i don ' t really get a lot of information out of him conversation ' s very easy mm but it ' s very superficial and mhm i ' m losing interest rapidly um mm bless him i lose interest anyway he ' s just unfortunate aw er look
432. wanted it done and i spoke to her and said well come along and they came along on friday afternoon to see me and uh i was able to give her valuations and appraisals and information about the jewellery items that she had hmm so you know it was just coincidental mm hm within a matter of four or five hours within the first phone call they were here and has he got you some
438. your tiles? oh we can we found out we ' re not sure i ' m not sure if i believe it they ' re beautiful aren ' t they? yeah well we ' ve had contradictory information it said that the house is protected but it ' s only protected in terms of height it ' s a but yeah ' s got some photos of the of the inside anyway if you want to see them
439. last well not the last time but the time before last when i went over there they the two flying fields that i used were in a terrible state mm hm and eh i couldn ' t get any information from the secretary of the portuguese club so em i went into the library at loule do you know that part at all? no w what where exactly is it? em eh well they live at est
441. ##m i don ' t know if they changed it now because there was a big hoo - ha about it weren ' t there? yeah but cos it doesn ' t divulge any information on the oh which way are we going across this? on the pr the check thing is what your actual crime was it doesn ' t say whether you raped someone or whether he stole a mars bar doesn
445. grandma last year was telling me stories about the air raids and the bomb shelters and things mm when she came to visit and i couldn ' t believe it i ' ve never had anybody give me that information before really? i was gobsmacked i didn ' t think anybody alive now knew that bloody hell yeah i didn ' t think anybody alive now on the planet would have memories of air raids and
449. ##s he kept changing them i don ' t know why people say they haven ' t got your email but the internet it ' s got to work that ' s right i was chasing a guy for information he wanted to be a centre and he said alright any progress yet and i emailed him back well you haven ' t sent me the courses yet that i asked you to send me mm and all his
450. button that sounds easy fill it in well i i i started doing it at ours at my house it ' s not as easy because you get the questions no he didn ' t have some of the information which he has got it it gets complicated well that ' s easy then no but it told you you were allowed to say don ' t know remember oh i cancelled it you had the option not sure or
466. dead shady about it i was gonna say it sounds a bit questionable yeah but do the women know that they ' re donating it to be sold? well they don ' t give them all the information but i ' ve asked and asked and asked them but you see the thing is how many women do it? they ' re not well organised enough cos they the the they work from seven in the
467. company and i mean it was him right very and and i just noticed in the paper in the paper today right okay oh right i didn ' t know that but i well i could have all my information wrong again i should about that to think about well it sounds plausible i thought the man you ' ve seen him being interviewed i thought he ' d died some time ago so i haven ' t heard any
470. a tenancy mortgage okay not a normal mortgage if it ' s a normal mortgage then it ' s not a binding contract and how do and we can ' t know that? if they have that information but again if they ' d protections in for this into this they might not give us that information anyway true i think it ' s really bad that there ' s not a lot of rights for tenants really
471. s not a binding contract and how do and we can ' t know that? if they have that information but again if they ' d protections in for this into this they might not give us that information anyway true i think it ' s really bad that there ' s not a lot of rights for tenants really is there? no cos a lot of the stuff that i was looking at online as well
472. not cos it ' s gonna come out by by post so it won ' t come out like wwe won ' t know on the fourteenth cos we haven ' t got the rights to that information do we have the right to know whether she attended the hearing? no oh we have no right to know like anything we ' ll know the outcome well yeah obviously but they ' ll notify the outcome
475. yeah yeah our lea our er ict techni our ict manager network manager yeah used to work for oh really? so he knows inside out and his name ' s mm and if you ever want any information on that give him a ring because he ' ll be quite happy to erm chat things through with you yeah or pop in and meet him make an appointment well no we what we know we can meet
479. sort of thing she would ' ve taken a real well i i ' ve never met him i know he does lots of these things i ' m i but we haven ' t given him all this information he just sent us things from time to time and we haven ' t had anything for quite a while but we always knew his handwriting is distinctive so say oh it ' s again mm mm oh i know
480. the ' s also that they married but the is a good good name he will contact anybody mm mm okay who ' s a good name he a a lot of he ' s given a lot of information okay and i think a lot is right but i ' m not sure about everything that he ' s given not from my research okay because and he seems to be quite obsessed with illegitimacy
484. t it? mm but but i i the one i ' ve got the best is from my mother ' s family erm is my grandmother ' s grandmother and when i was do finding out her information i said to her i don ' t know i said i think she ' s a bigamist because she married him but she married him not long afterwards and erm it wouldn ' t have been
485. lot of proprietary medicines today mm mm and that ' s worth erm thinking about yeah i i yeah i think there was an a there we had a lot in ge we were given a lot of information actually we were e it was very very good tour mm but i i think erm what we didn ' t erm er what what could ' ve been carried on a separate talk was the medicine side
496. mm you don ' t want your left leg coming out like your right leg do you? no i mean you need them different i might actually take my er my genotype my the little bit of information i ' ve got with me mm and if there ' s time ask the question you know so they almost certainly the guide won ' t be able to tell give me anything tell me anything but but er
499. the fact that we ' re from not local with the team mm i ' ve helped them by where obviously they ' re they ' re struggling in certain areas i ' ve i ' ve given them information i ' ve got and copied it and given it to them she went yeah mm and i went and i ' ve also mentioned like the fact that i often take on more work than other people so like
501. that was with your ankle yeah and i and i wanted to know whether or not it was the dad so i rang and she was oh yes and he was the dad and she told me all the information i was like thank you very much but i got proper addicted to it that ' s what it ' s it ' s sad what you get addicted to when you ' re off i ' m afraid mum
514. to see whether that helped cos whether it was a sort of er what do you call it? er a sort of what i sort of you ' re going to have to give me some more information to go on erm it ' s a sort of er you you they when it goes through and sort of er so you can use a search function and search through books i ' ve forgotten what the
516. i don ' t i don ' t understand it myself yeah yeah no well no it ' s er it ' s complet it ' s well it ' s there ' s a lack of information about it so all of those weirdo sort of well everything well i i i ' ve personally i well each to their own whatever they wanna do yeah that ' s fine but i mean whatever body you
527. had at hand when needed mm it was really okay visit world famous drive through tree ah where? well it ' s gonna be coming up why why does it say that and then not give you any information? it ' s gonna be coming up it ' s gotta be en route editing erm yeah so i ' ve got this er alarm which you ' re supposed to carry around you know like when you
532. help yeah and yeah they know stuff yeah but it ' s u somehow up to me to to put in somehow let them know or to ask the right questions or to er yeah or give the right information exactly and and i do you hear people go oh and they said this that and the other and yeah and then they gave me some pills and blah blah blah or that yeah there ' s a kind of
533. ##m where ' s i think he could because he ' s actually hearing well i think he ' s hearing perfectly well actually and if he ' s yeah if he phoned up and gave you that information perfectly well he did as well yeah yeah sorry? he he did whose go? zips? well you can ' t do much it ' s your go if you ' ve only got if you haven
538. he ' s gone down to i don ' t even know where it is now erm but he ' s he ' s talking to this person and this person ' s giving him all this like information about erm oh yeah cos they they went to meet with this mary she got a letter saying to meet if she can bring a friend but not the police and they then sherlock holmes and watson went
544. that he could about all the different species and things mm and started talking to people about you know who were the traders who were the traffickers what was going on doing some sort of undercover stuff passing information to anybody that he found who was doing any projects on that sort of thing yeah then realised erm there was a need for a a concerted effort to look into this sort of thing and then he
545. law enforcement are not interested mm to put it mildly in looking at well the illegal trade erm they actually end up also fulfilling a sort of enforcement role by at least gathering their you know all this information about illegal or well quite a lot of detail about the about the illegal trade mm and analysing that and sending reports mm to individual authorities erm and then also in general to governments and to cites
546. fakes yeah and stuff like that yeah from various seizures and things yeah yeah so they get some sort of spspecies idea stuff it ' s group group training yeah yeah and yeah some basic information about cites and yeah all sorts of stuff so anyway it was quite large with i don ' t know about fifty officers and about four scientists yeah from three different countries and erm yeah so two days before
547. i know erm from saying like there was this thing in place so it will be done oh they ' ve done it that ' s nice of them erm no we didn ' t get any information about it well er did i tell that i i was the one who sent sent these emails? because erm i got an email saying erm i ' m writing to you personally because you are like
552. classic it ' s cos it is a classic but yes cos it ' s typical in formal letters and things people won ' t think yes how difficult it is and how should you require further information yeah yeah cos you ' ve said to them you know why why you know you could say to them why why might this be difficult? mm and again because if you use if with noun the noun
555. her youth club so i ' ll be there about twenty past ten mm well there were loads of people there and there were lots of shakespeare people there so i thought he ' s not gonna need this information from me because he can speak to anyone yeah lots of people there so you know and there was a load of us around a table and then and had come back from new zealand and they came down and
558. ' s competitors in the same countries that we ' re talking about let ' s just choose vietnam and china before we before we go there er i ' m just telling you how you find out more information yeah yeah yeah thathat ' s that ' s but why would you stop me from that? cos what i ' m telling you is really good no carry on sorry it ' s just that it
560. s away to feed into this kind of thing? well i would say for your own information you need to know how big the markets are and how big the industries are you need to get the financial information so that when you go when you go you ' re going in with right i know how much this this industry is worth yeah i know the worth of the industry it ' s just that very high level
562. have for the english language area mm is enough even if i wanted to rub shoulders with the british council people erm you know to to roll on in i can chat away to them and find out information yes okay so there is if they you know had had a few drinks on board and were talking about what they were doing mm erm or you know it it was sort of like erm just sort
568. ? oh so i ' ve said i am currently available on those dates i am getting a lot of enquiries at the moment about longer stays erm i think i ' ve put too much information here cos they wouldn ' t know whether that ' s true or not would they if you put that statement there? well i know yes so i might just erm longer stays if you want to
569. that went on between them erm with basically saying i can ' t believe you ' ve remembered that small thing i liked or commented on mm six months ago on facebook and you ' ve retained that information to talk to me about it now and then there was something that had said or liked th and remembered that so it obviously sort of prickled with both mm of them that they have very different political views
571. said everything will be explained on the letter they don ' t know it ' s open application did you apply for it from from when you came back to england? they couldn ' t give me any information yeah that ' s when i applied for but i don ' t know what they ' ll give me they said you ' ll just have to wait for the letter to come through see what you ' ve
572. in the box until you receive instructions to do so the dossiers which are these red top secret things mm we know what a dossier is the well printed the dossiers also contain hidden information that will yeah be revealed as you play some rules labelled a through y are missing throughout this rulebook as you play you will gain these missing rules and stick them into the rulebook from that point on
583. i do know what i ' m doing mm and when people come to you and say well can you give me a hand with this? can you look at these budgets? can you tell me this information? you do sort of feel like cor this is quite a good job that i do like yeah i know that it ' s quite varied yeah mm it ' s quite rewarding actually and i feel
588. pronun part they ' ve just got to know about what ' s going on haven ' t they? even though all of freshers ' week just feels like we ' ve been feeding them information about everything and now yeah it ' s the same still well at least they get to pick up a pen in this lesson little bit of a practice erm mm so right shall we have a look at

