Cluster 1
0. s alright it ' s oh er well unless anybody does anything silly right cos i haven ' t got a that is the bit that came out of our sink that ' s just to test the weight uhu okay? uhu now obviously this is a lot longer but this is the bit that then was attached to it there mm yeah running through so just feel that it ' s longer now this is
1. sorry you don ' t have let ' s have a look at this then horrid yeah you definitely can ' t see down there can you? it ' s er i can feel can the weight and it dipped down yeah that dipped down but then it went all oh it ' s coming out don ' t cos i ' ve gotta go over the carpet no don ' t hold it like that
6. was the day people sang in the choir oh what? for christmas? well i can ' t really do anything if you just expect me to hold you and don ' t take any of your own weight what? cos you ' re so big now i don ' t want the rest of that okay well you will eat it another day shall we put it back in the fridge? right i ' m
10. he can go ahead if he wants i want to walk well done for using your legs lass bless her it must be hard to walk when you ' re big like when you ' re carrying all that weight around mm i so i can understand sixteen pounds for a bolognese where from? you can chop it all up and everything what is she buying? oh she bought all the sauces how big of
21. cos i ' m smaller i dunno you ' ve always been quite fit and healthy so i think a lot a lot of is actually muscle mm not all of it but a lot of his weight is because he is quite strong yeah he doesn ' t look unfit does he? so no i dunno about and though yeah i don ' t think is very fit really to be honest mm like he
22. that that k thing shadow hanging over you any more and that there ' s only they only have a tiny bit of power in school though school that ' s all you know to th to throw their weight around a bit and look popular it really doesn ' t last just doesn ' t last do you kn we have like people from each group like he ' s like to be honest he ' s the bottom
23. what about an envelope? did you bring back a bunch of pens from korea or not? erm no i don ' t think i did in the end i was right on my level how much weight i could take oh yeah so you had to i couldn ' t really take anymore yeah what about that envelope? that seems like a good thing to make a list on yeah right not having stuff is difficult
26. t exist outside of the water so it seems no weird that they have that connection outside of the water still but the only reason that they can ' t survive out of the water is because their body weight is so huge mm the pressure is too much on their internal organs and that ' s why they die i know but they used to walk did they? yeah what were they? what were they? mm
29. i don ' t really do mm and i ' ve stayed exactly the same weight last mm few months yeah i ' m definitely losing fat but my weight has just yeah stayed the same which is muscle weight to lose inches but mm weight ' s still the same yeah and i think erm i ' m just losing water still from mm christmas mm yeah so yeah so first of february tomorrow i ' m gonna
32. ##bs are fucking burning my claves are fucking brining to fuck it wasn ' t my breathing so much but my legs felt like they were going to die that might be i got to using the weight thing on the legs and decided i wanted to from my usual forty - five to seventy what? so yeah seventy kilos? yeah but i that ' s my body weight so i should be doing that
33. i got to using the weight thing on the legs and decided i wanted to from my usual forty - five to seventy what? so yeah seventy kilos? yeah but i that ' s my body weight so i should be doing that anyway that ' s just like it ' s like you doing the this the keeping your knees back i can ' t really do it it ' s pretty hard you ' ve
38. seventy fuckers probably going to do it on a bit less and the one that you pull down is twenty - eight that ' s quite a lot you know seventy it ' s only your own body weight you know how much do you weigh? yeah well that ' s what i said that ' s a that ' s a hell of a lot don ' t don ' t l straight out of that one
42. la yeah la la la la la here this is some information for you just os you know broadcast getting ready yeah just so you know protein you you for every two grams of protein you know your body weight? right okay for every kilo of your body weight right you can absorb two grams of protein every two hours yeah? so just just say for example you can have twenty - eight grams of protein?
43. information for you just os you know broadcast getting ready yeah just so you know protein you you for every two grams of protein you know your body weight? right okay for every kilo of your body weight right you can absorb two grams of protein every two hours yeah? so just just say for example you can have twenty - eight grams of protein? if you have seventy grams of protein after twenty - eight
45. oh also salmond although a lot of bluster didn ' t convince people that we ' re regarding the pound he he he was s erm the man was p trying to punch well above his weight and he was saying that we will keep the pound and if we get independence at the negotiating tattable this will be negotiated you know he ' s he was saying well after all you know we '
46. harder to see like yeah the strategy ' s completely different yeah it is this is nice though isn ' t it? yeah i ' m just gonna move for now i ' m just gonna throw my weight around feel ye i don ' t blame you see how it goes don ' t blame you cos when you were playing against the computer you guys are moving fast but mm okay so you ' re not
47. but how do you put that hair onto a spinning wheel? hm do you have to feed it in? the yes virtually you feed it in and it spins very fast and it ' s got a weight on it so it ' s pulling it while it ' s spinning and it goes round the spindle and you get this spool of wool ah cunning but that was a very old method of getting yarn
48. they did but they but people didn ' t see it they ' re unelectable for yeah it ' s just years now it ' s a shame that no one recognised that they punched above their weight they stopped the conservatives doing they did but they went back on some of the most crucial promises that they made tuition fees well you know in coalition you cannot but they didn ' t they but that was their
50. ' t you? i fancy one of them little vespas i think it would be cool it wouldn ' t carry you up any hills not for you why not? there ' s be a weight limit on it you ' re a cheeky bunch of buggers you lot i ' m a fine figure of a man you ' re not at all i bloody am mum is choking on her wine you
53. and all like that oh oh all bow and split apart cos of the sun yeah yeah that split apart and i said to i say you need if that come in there ' s a lot of weight on that there is yeah so what am i going to do? i said well i ' ll do it for you if you want so that ' s what i had to do get all the asphalt off
54. i thought it was quite top - heavy it was top - heavy wasn ' t it? cos just when i first held it i held it at a sl a slant because i was expecting the weight to be evenly distributed yes it wasn ' t was it? i think because there must be the burner in the top end yes it ' s made it heavy but at the pointy end it was
62. be very proud yeah proud of all my kids and and you and and they ' re the close i heard that erm oh i forgot that song oh i heard that ' s not really pulling his weight recently? oh no is he being a bit rubbish? we don ' t erm we don ' t why is that? he just being a bit of a bloke? eh no sit out
65. because no oh yeah that could be but yeah how could you weigh someone at a drive - through? oh no i wasn ' t talking about that oh they wouldn ' t get out and let you weight them imagine that no all you have to do is just measure their height and then times it by their dimensions and stuff yeah but the the fact that they ' re at the drive - through means they '
66. into er minimum stopping time so you ' ll never know yeah there might be some people if you gave them a tenner they would or gave them free food then they would oh yeah well would you weight them before or after their free food? look couldn ' t see i su well i suppose that i couldn ' t him really there yeah slightly yeah this is horrible what to see if they ' re fat
68. that if you ' ve got a bigger bone structure or if you ' ve got massive wangers mhm big bangers huh yeah so cos that ' s the thing cos it is just weight versus height er t yeah er like and if you ' re if you ' re really muscly that you ' ll weigh more won ' t you cos muscle weighs more than fat so yeah in
76. didn ' t want to you know if you wanted to lose weight you were rather ththinking on your on your on your chest moobs and on your side no they would stay the weight would drop off your backside and off your legs where you didn ' t want it to mm to come off of or your face but i ' d actually put weight on everywhere i had weight on my legs
77. your side no they would stay the weight would drop off your backside and off your legs where you didn ' t want it to mm to come off of or your face but i ' d actually put weight on everywhere i had weight on my legs my arse unfortunately you ' re going to be a fat old man in another ten years well yeah yeah er w i don ' t know about that what is
78. stay the weight would drop off your backside and off your legs where you didn ' t want it to mm to come off of or your face but i ' d actually put weight on everywhere i had weight on my legs my arse unfortunately you ' re going to be a fat old man in another ten years well yeah yeah er w i don ' t know about that what is difficult i tried to diet
80. that ' s right yeah that ' s that ' s and i can tow three tons with that truck right yeah erm your average car you ' re lucky to do about sort of eighteen hundred in weight to be honest well absolutely erm i couldn ' t i mean i ' ve got that small smart car i couldn ' t tow anything behind that that ' s not a car it ' s more of
83. fucked in the first place he ' s not very fussy quality street that ' s ridiculous any last requests? yeah have you got any of those little little bountys? just mini ones watching my weight back down in his weird little hole yeah mm oh er well if i can have anything i don ' t actually know what happened oh man i think i used to think i liked the strawberry and the orange
84. was and we plucked it er oh man i ' m looking at the wrong okay butcher a goose it ' s gonna be sick geese are a bit weird once they get to a certain size they put weight on the bone rather than breast so you have as much meat on a small one as on a big one so he said he ' s gonna get a small one dude doesn ' t make any sense no
86. bigger layer of fat oh er oh like people after a certain weight cos er turkeys are the opposite like people turkeys just get like more and more flesh right right right right after a certain weight and less fat but he ' s like i ' ve asked for a small one okay but so er so then we ' ll get the best value yeah that sounds good that ' s what we want co
87. like i ' ve asked for a small one okay but so er so then we ' ll get the best value yeah that sounds good that ' s what we want cos it ' s priced by weight i just said get the very best one you can whatever it is yeah he knows what he ' s doing i think and how are you paying? are you gonna pay for it with with cakes? i
88. and the fur is like loose yes yes it is like a coat on yes and you grab it and really and all the rest slips to the bottom doesn ' t it? yeah yeah mm then the weight goes to the bottom and that ' s how the mother yes carries the baby kitten yeah say yeah yeah say erm a tiger mm moving her kittens like she ' ll pick them like that at the
89. yeah so i don ' t know what ' s happened there because generally wind turbines should not impact a listed building mm hm no that ' s true yeah so obviously i ' m not sure that enough weight has been attached no to the amenity that that could be the one then you know the way coming from mm and we come to somewhere near mm eh they ' re really intimidating mm the road comes round
91. side of the road and i put my badge u didn ' t have to pay the others had to pay yeah or something but i didn ' t so i was alright so that ' s worth its weight in gold at the moment yeah that ' s what i said to mum all your day trips out worth that yeah disabled badge when you could park like we did down at just pull over on a double yellow
92. the bits in the freezer already er thirty something pounds nice that ' s not bad it ' s er it ' s this this joint is exactly five what i i cooked is exactly five pounds in weight there ' s a lovely gravy boat on the side in there i know but you had i don ' t care ah fit into it mm okay and he doesn ' t care we ' re kind
93. ve made a big difference to morale cos i mean if you ' ve got people who have to be there yeah then there ' s always a risk that they ' re not going to pull their weight when push comes to shove isn ' t it? mm yeah but if they ' ve chosen to be there well hopefully they ' re they ' re okay yeah you ' re you ' re gonna stick together
94. resent her reigning the credit for just jumping on at the last minute yeah fair enough well it ' s it ' s it you ' re getting on with anyone that ' s not really pulling their weight you know if you ' re getting paid a decent salary or is getting credit for something that they isn ' t justified like isn ' t through hard work or their hard work somebody else ' s yeah mm
95. shocks on my arms mm the different seat positi the hand position going from that to that mm? also leaning forward mm which means my arms are overstretched and i ' ve got more weight of my backpack on my arms than i would have when i ' m sat like that mm or maybe the bike ' s too big for me and i ' m stretching further than i should be mm or
97. was doing it with a kettlebell which is what they ma frig when i used to do kettlebell that ' s what they made you do so you ' ve got like an eight kilogram weight and a d this guy had sixteen he was a machine and you do the same thing but with a weight and you move from side to side kettlebell used to just destroy me that my mum banned me
98. that ' s what they made you do so you ' ve got like an eight kilogram weight and a d this guy had sixteen he was a machine and you do the same thing but with a weight and you move from side to side kettlebell used to just destroy me that my mum banned me from doing it cos i couldn ' t walk the next day i was totally you should see the girls
99. i ' m sorry i dropped it i was gonna i was gonna um d ' you think i should ' ve made the strap longer? it will have to be able to withstand quite a lot of weight um so hopefully you can d ' you think i should ' ve made the strap longer? um uh y oh yeah like the plant ' s not gonna fit is it? yeah but you ' ve already
100. t know but it must ' ve been pretty horrible really but a lot of those i mean you ' ve seen pictures on the telly of them where they ' re only s about five stone in weight and whatnot and well they didn ' t give them any food and horrendous isn ' t it really? i think if you got caught they didn ' t want to get caught did they
106. came on and that ' s why i remember the date so you remember that date so are you not on the pill? so i know like no are you not? it makes me put loads of weight on and angry so yeah yeah same with me well it did with mine and i changed and i ' m fine yeah i went on to when i were fifteen i went on depo d ' you know
110. cos you ' ve done it? cos she ' s carrying all the stuff on her back really? everything she ' s read she burns at night really? cos it ' s less weight and i was thinking i could pull out the pages of her book that i haven ' t read i love setting fire to things i mean that i have read not that i haven ' t read okay so
111. he don ' t know you so he ' s gonna put that in ain ' t he? yeah it ' s true though he is punching i say that to him you ' re punching above your weight mate i could leave you at any moment wow exactly you ' ve gotta say that though keep him faithful even if i ' m not even though i am but i just feel that if you if you wanna
113. the access roads leading to the site or they ' ve gotta go through some village where hgvs are not allowed oh okay mm iiiit ' s you know the the th there ' s a weight limit and you can ' t oh yeah then you ' re too heavy abso no you can ' t go through bridg under bridges across under you know bridges over bridges who ' s supposed you
114. with easygoing laid - back and people would achieve you know we achieved a lot in that environment because nobody slacked because there was only a few of us everybody was more than happy to pull their weight work the extra hours put in the extra time because er we all got the rewards from it mm and then suddenly with and i mean when came fine cos i did the accounts and didn ' t get
115. up an hour later and we ' d all have him you know you don ' t you you don ' t get that normally no that is true but was so good like that because everybody pulled their weight because they just appreciated that and it ' s a shame yes that was the upside i mean obviously quite a few downsides but well only only after and mm well the way that erm erm works
118. and a half i reckon each tie that would be you would be putting like seven grams seven or eight grams on the racket and the racket weighs eighty grams so you ' re actually increasing the weight by a nominal ten percent something like that and that should be yeah but for aerodynamics that can well it could be that you ' ll notice it yeah it could be i ' ll notice it but could
119. a fiver was a lot of money then yeah mm and and my dad knew he was brilliant he he knew how many potatoes we used to cut up right? and that ' d be four hundred weight of potatoes on an evening fry which is an awful lot of s chips ain ' t it? yeah and he knew exactly how much fish cos he used to cut his own fish yeah i mean that
120. that hohow unfair they are i think the bbc is reasonable but probably erm the trouble is that it it was the same in ireland that both sides believe themselves to be right of course and the weight of history is behind both sides in a different way mm and therefore unless you can stop looking back and look forward and stop relying on history ' s evidence to support your argument and your justification for carrying on
121. up there with the we all do at the same time yeah yeah you ' ll be fine you got to think the beams are holding the roof up they ' re not i know they are yeah your weight up there isn ' t going to make a lot of difference no but i don ' t know what it is cos it ' s dark and eerie as well and there ' s a little but mm
123. the original mm yeah thing was but erm i wonder if it really does and i said it worked very well i think er well it did well yeah i remember mm mm i shed a lot of weight but now i suppose i ' m probably taking eight hundred something like that which is still you know a lot less than normal isn ' t it? yeah er that ' s it and it ' s it
127. you know ten pound nine pound eleven pound mm and you think well yyou where else where would you go that? well that ' s why the supermarkets well when you think for the by by the weight you know it ' s you eat it by the weight don ' t you? mm mm if something ' s heavy you don ' t you eat less of it so er well mm mm so you '
128. think well yyou where else where would you go that? well that ' s why the supermarkets well when you think for the by by the weight you know it ' s you eat it by the weight don ' t you? mm mm if something ' s heavy you don ' t you eat less of it so er well mm mm so you ' re back to morrisons are you? no no lid
129. bowl cos that ' s gonna stop that ' s gone way past now hasn ' t it? oh no keep going keep going don ' t lean on the bowl cos you ' re gonna weight it down with your hands keep going bit more now? no no bit more there you are yeah i ' ll pour it in you tip it in okay lovely now could you do the same for the er
136. can sh like stuff into her and not get bigger like she she must like she ' s got she ' s got like normal sized thighs and everything but and like that ' s the thing where her weight goes but she ' s like on top she ' s tiny like what the fuck? mm if i eat anything it ' s like just goes to my butt and my legs and my she might have a
137. the mini? oh no no sorry i thought you meant bialetti coffee maker yeah oh right no i think it ' s bialetti yeah yeah oh right but but this has got a lovely weight and yeah you don ' t tend to injure yourself with this one yeah i think people have got injured with yeah that ' s right yes corkscrews cos it ' s yeah i mean
138. like fat pills this was years ago but he was like an amazingly bad baseball player and he was like come out with this he was on an advert and yeah you know he helped me keep the weight of it just categorically untrue but apparently it ' s illegal or against advertising regulations for that to happen so there must be ways round it like yeah there must be there must be like certain
145. like greenland they ' re lifting out of the sea that ' s lifting out of the sea cos they ' re two two centimetres a year innit? something like that but it ' s the weight of the ice is going yeah yeah they ' re coming up but i mean it weren ' t so long ago that they said that someone came out about things like all the ice in the himalayas would melt
146. new one weren ' t it brand spanking yeah but they are very light mm you see what i mean? whereas these are very heavy yeah yeah and you know you ' re dragging a lot more weight around with you and er it ' s alright you know you keep it in low gear yeah and sort of rev it up through the gears but i ' m sort of used to just like sticking in a
147. ##e against someone ' s crotch it ' s always appropriate if it ' s consensual by both parties but in a gym setting where you ' re fully clothed and you ' re holding a weight on your shoulders yeah it ' s the most appropriate time for that to happen it ' s fine i was yes good point yeah it ' s fine it ' s interesting it ' s very good to challenge
151. no it ' s not a rock it ' s a no it ' s it ' s like you ' re on the right track but the name for it road runner no no the name for the weight the weight that he drops erm weight ah okay erm erm hundred tonner the first the first part of the word is an english article thing that you put when there ' s a the a
152. ' s not a rock it ' s a no it ' s it ' s like you ' re on the right track but the name for it road runner no no the name for the weight the weight that he drops erm weight ah okay erm erm hundred tonner the first the first part of the word is an english article thing that you put when there ' s a the a vowel following
153. ' s a no it ' s it ' s like you ' re on the right track but the name for it road runner no no the name for the weight the weight that he drops erm weight ah okay erm erm hundred tonner the first the first part of the word is an english article thing that you put when there ' s a the a vowel following it you have to add the
154. it ' s so fucking heavy no just try it with the five it ' s still so heavy now feel it with the five no that is so heavy it ' s like it ' s got a weight in it the weird thing is is that is heavier than the nokia the fucking thirty - three ten with yeah but nokia thirty - three ten lasts for a lifetime now i ' m ordering food no no you
155. we could even get a couple of bottles of that one we got yesterday to take with us to istria what do you think? it ' s carrying it though it ' s car it ' s weight to carry isn ' t it yeah it ' s carrying it we could take a bottle for we need to take something for yeah we need to take something for erm yeah so if we take a bottle
158. ' s life you ' re welcome yeah but if he wasn ' t and if he was the same age as you? you wouldn ' t? yeah plus though he ' d be punching above his weight with me just saying oh jerry jerryfight fight fight oh shit mm mm ' s i ' m not going out with thank you well you don ' t have to go out with him i ' m not
159. m interested in bikes i sort of noticed them and i noticed the bikes that they were riding this was i don ' t know ten years plus ago and they were all erm the sort of light weight bikes with lots of gears as you would expect erm but suddenly erm probably a couple of years before i retired so about erm what was that about nine years ago erm i noticed that they
161. gonna me like our friends ain ' t like they ' re gonna have a heart attack at the age of sixteen seventeen i said alright let ' s strike the heart attack what about if somebody drops a weight on their foot? oh but you know as if like it ' s just worrying unnecessarily i said also we ' ve got a table tennis table in there and if that when that goes
162. and cloned the drive banged it in bang the way it went did it? good really successful right yeah but the funny thing is is that the old hard drive which i took out was half the weight and size of the new one i put in oh incredible innit? it is isn ' t it yeah yeah you know sort of how these how these things come on yeah cos you can get these
166. good down to minus two degrees or minus eight degrees but it said that ' s erm a f a fallacy really that people who know what they ' re doing know that your body sh body weight size er will make a difference your metabolism mm will make a difference erm but significantly what you eat before you get in the sleeping bag will make a difference really? so you should eat fatty food oh
169. was enough for this week oh yeah she went in today didn ' t she instead of coming to? yeah yeah so erm that sounds hilarious have they erm? those big blue pipes in glasgow weight three tonnage that ' s about right yeah yeah yeah so if you ' ve got g you ' ve got some hardcore holding you know these type of pipes yeah yeah i mean we we don ' t
174. some type of bad comment about her and so because he makes the comment they all get put back in but then they all blame it on her cos they ' re like oh you were the dead weight and then it ' s only just at this point where someone pulls pulls up the rest of the squad they said it ' s not her fault it ' s his fault for commenting on it aww co
177. quite a nice cinema whose turn is it? mine ' s sorry that ' s an intriguing log store look yes dear look see the yeah see the there eighteen boo you ' ve got to carry that weight my word nineteen is similar oh boo boo forty - two boo now i get all the bloody s rotten vowels rotten you put quay needless to say your father chi both ways kill the double so that '
180. supposed to be windy so as long as it ' s not windy i suppose it well i suppose rain i ' m not sure but eh i don ' t know what they look at safety safety issues weight mostly weight oh i ' ve got oh that ' s alright that ' ll be alright then i ' ll be fine cheeky you had to put your weight down as well don ' t want some big
181. be windy so as long as it ' s not windy i suppose it well i suppose rain i ' m not sure but eh i don ' t know what they look at safety safety issues weight mostly weight oh i ' ve got oh that ' s alright that ' ll be alright then i ' ll be fine cheeky you had to put your weight down as well don ' t want some big dobber
182. know what they look at safety safety issues weight mostly weight oh i ' ve got oh that ' s alright that ' ll be alright then i ' ll be fine cheeky you had to put your weight down as well don ' t want some big dobber in the back do you don ' t think you ' re going to want to hear this replayed again are you? okay so that ' s
183. in at one in the afternoon it ' s unbelievable i mean she did go to the doctor to see if it was a thyroid thing because she was always always sleeping and she was having trouble shifting her weight like possibly from the thyroid mm how ' s her leg? the same all of the bruising ' s gone now but it ' s just this lump mm it ' s really big if she did say
185. height the only problem with that is the diseases that come later with it yeah yeah well see now ' s complaining she ' s always got sore ankles i said well that ' s because of all the weight you ' re carrying on top probably yeah you know? i mean i said okay it ' s okay if you ' re happy to have you ' re your big legs and yeah yeah and you know she
193. i? on a journey oh god some people hey i know i ' ve done a oover the years i ' ve done a lot of er working with people who who aren ' t pulling their weight but yeah i ' ve just had to go right we are doing this you are saying this i ' m just going to write it all and you are going to say this and you are going to do
194. you are going to do this what because they are not offering up? they are not doing what they should be doing? yeah mm and sometimes i have ended up you know pulling other people ' s weight a bit bit too much but you know too much right mm that ' s you know that ' s not an easy job to have either because you can and it is a real balancing act isn ' t
196. evacuating at this point they didn ' t know the boat was sinking they the prob there was a whole load of things they they ' d adapted the boat they piled on a load more weight onto the boat the boat should have been decommissioned ten years before but hadn ' t been jeez there was all sorts of things that hadn ' t happened it was just a series of bad events mm but
197. i ' m saying well get in the professionals because then at least they might take their advice but they actually aren ' t getting you know extra visits or anything and these babies were some ridiculously small weight but don ' t they have to go to clinics to be weighed or i expect so don ' t people come round? i expect so but no they must still do that but i don ' t think
198. or anything are you? no i ' m not gonna get into that sort of rubbish it ' s not rubbish and you ' ll see was that so why were you feeling guilty about the? well weight oh weight well you don ' t look er mm mm i ' m just conscious of sitting down at work aren ' t you i ' m conscious of not moving around enough mm so mm you must do
199. are you? no i ' m not gonna get into that sort of rubbish it ' s not rubbish and you ' ll see was that so why were you feeling guilty about the? well weight oh weight well you don ' t look er mm mm i ' m just conscious of sitting down at work aren ' t you i ' m conscious of not moving around enough mm so mm you must do some sitting
202. mean? well what y why don ' t you just tape it and leave it up permanently? yeah i mean er get some of that tape i ' ve got tape it down the just take the weight off it take it back take it underneath yeah underneath and up there that ' ll stop it let ' s do that then yeah? cos i don ' t need to i mean the only thing is
203. break it right away how did you do it? i just like like ten hours a day i don ' t know how i did it exactly yeah that helps a bit it ' s just taking the weight off the wire yeah yeah yeah yeah that ' s good might wanna double up on that little bit actually just er i kind of leant on it as i got up with it mm like leant on
209. eighteen stone yeah that ' s big and i know he ' s a big heavyset he is a big built man isn ' t he? yeah exactly so look at the actual you should be this weight or that weight tha if he was what they say he should be he would be far too thin yeah yeah and actually yeah he was he ' s definitely overweight so he ' s and it tells in
211. lunch and then we have healthy just potatoes and not potatoes meat and just loads of erm roasted veg or vegetables stir - fries or er so we we did that and as i say the the weight was coming off and he got just under seventeen stone but cos the last few weeks or so he ' s been away again a lot it ' s i suppose they ' re out eating and drinking are
213. i had this one night i i was laying in bed and i sort of i f i just felt like someone often used to be like somebody sat on the end of the bed i could feel the weight of them did you? never any sort of scariness or anything like that but i know there was nobody there but do you l you ' d look up and there would be nothing there? yeah there
214. there? yeah there ' d be nobody there but i could feel the end of the bed just er cos obviously you don ' t fill the full bed when you ' re a kid yeah the weight of somebody on the end of the bed yeah and then i always think oh maybe i ' m imagining it and then a bit later i would feel you could actively feel it go up as they got off
218. ovaries weigh? exactly oh i never thought of that about ten stone lighter that ' s it if it ' s a big fibroid it can weigh s you know yeah a bit of weight can ' t it? but i mean it ' s not but even so one of our customers had one removed and it was yeah the size of a grapefruit yeah it ' s huge yeah i
219. ##ting and then it ' s like sex male born nineteen seventy - six near iceland oh so he ' s a scandinavian sort of nordic whale died in two thousand and three in norway aged twenty - seven weight six tons oh it died did it? he ' s a male actor he ' s a male he ' s male he was captured near iceland mind you if he ' d been swimming round iceland he might
220. ##ish yes i ' ve tried them for walking but i mean they ' re not ideal cos i just walked round a mile yes it took me five minutes longer because you ' ve got such a weight on your foot haven ' t you? yes but erm yes that ' s good yes mm well what i could do today i think everything in the chest in that spare room is pretty much mine okay
221. most anyone is allowed to lift is twenty - eight pound that ' s why they put all potatoes in a bag of twenty - eight pound mm but when i used to work for they were well over weight heavy weight bags of cement worked in my dad ' s shop yeah i can ' t believe i did that really no i had to carry it like that yeah i couldn ' t do it any other way
222. is allowed to lift is twenty - eight pound that ' s why they put all potatoes in a bag of twenty - eight pound mm but when i used to work for they were well over weight heavy weight bags of cement worked in my dad ' s shop yeah i can ' t believe i did that really no i had to carry it like that yeah i couldn ' t do it any other way i had
224. just don ' t it ' s all for all intents and purposes you will still be a a complete corpse sorry? you will still be a complete corpse you will still be human shaped size and weight there just might be a few corner bits missing that ' s fine erm so yeah that ' s alright if if you ' re i don ' t well i don ' t need any of it you
226. s far too much it ' s it ' s just too hot for me that anything over thirty is really quite quite uncomfortable yeah forties even thirties you ' re kind of carrying a bit of extra weight as well aren ' t you? horrible horrible yeah since ' s operation yeah me and him were playing golf and it was like forty degrees and i was just ah no sstruggling you going to
227. person he ' s gonna be the spokesperson i think yeah unless you get the professional that yeah well that ' s what you suggested yeah cos i don ' t believe the planning committee will put much weight on the emotion they ' ll mm mm have to stick on the facts because if they don ' t these developers are quite clever yeah yeah and they ' ll appeal it and judicial review it and oh god
229. my niece was knocked around all over the place with her chemo mm yeah cor bli mm i don ' t know if he ' s well he ' s he doesn ' t carry much weight does he? he ' s not he ' s not no thickset or anything so no maybe he ' s quite fit in some ways it but he ' s not a sportsman is he? i don
230. ? yeah no worries if you don ' t yes i ' ve got some some weights and a bar yeah i mean anything that i can work out at home with yeah um but like a bit of weight not like a five kilo dumbbell i need like a ten or fifteen i ' ll see if i ' ve got it yeah i ' m a little concerned they left on monday night right it '
231. em he then had to fly that weekend because obviously school was starting again there i was think i was going to like my fifth fifth form or something and then he had to fly em and with his weight you know we got at least five hundred and two of us got a seat and the other two don ' t really matter that much and they just waited another few days and it was just because it was
234. m not as active i suppose cos i ' m not walking about as much as i used to walk about well your let go of ah i ' m not as active but i have put some weight on how much do you weigh now? i don ' t know i ' ve not weighed myself no you didn ' t want to do that do you? you don ' t want to do that no
236. thing but my mum ' s put like ten quid through the post a few times just like oh mm yeah this if for clothes you left at home if you leave bricks in the bags and they weight it win - win cheap charity don ' t think that ' s charity i don ' t even know what it ' s for er the is it like shred it and use other stuff then? no
237. like a cruise ship going by which you could have had you know cos they are obviously going down there all the time they ' re massive aren ' t they? we saw and you get the weight don ' t you get the waves? yeah you get the waves you get the whole thing you get you know the jellyfish and the sharks did you actually see a shark? yeah how big a little
247. no idea that ' s so awful to come from your mum as well mm like her mum ' s not skinny either like her mum ' s a middle aged woman she ' s carrying a bit of weight around her stomach but she doesn ' t she ' s not fat but she ' s not skinny why would you say that to your child though? especially like no matter how old you are do you wanna
252. s not even slightly accurate because yeah you look at her and she ' s not fat at all she ' s got to be the size she is to carry her breasts fucking hell like most of her weight is her boobs yeah probably weigh about ten kilos each but like she your mum i know it bothers her like cos i ' ve heard you tell me before and i ' ve heard some
255. saw her when i got back from america mm it were the first thing i noticed but like she ' s the sa she ' s the same she ' s short so she she doesn ' t carry weight as well as someone who would be tall but she probably weighs and is the same size as i am yeah but just cos she ' s short she ' s more conscious of it it looks different yeah
256. size of every day that ' s a lot yes i think is about fourteen stone is he? thirteen stone and they eat four times him crikey mm? the elephant ate four times ' s weight every day he was a big elephant though what? just leaves and stuff? bamboo leaves and the trees and bananas bom - bom that ' s what put a banana in your hand and go bo
259. of the sink do they weigh heavy or light? oh my god what do you think? but they ' re really dusty i don ' t use them what do they w do they tend think they weight like mine? or? oh no no no they don ' t they ' re a bit heavier i remember these heavier? from your old place maybe are they? or are they lighter? well see she
260. ' s like yeah but you ' d need like a big impossible to get it down to a powder you need like a big mortar and pestle then yeah or one you can just like use the weight of the thing to do it with yeah yeah you see those big ones people used to do like grain and stuff you know what i mean? mm the old women are like stamping on it or some
261. i can help that with a four yeah cool so you in the game you can ' t be explicit you can ' t say you can just say i can help a lot or i can pull my weight do you see what i mean? oh oh okay so do i show that card or just s? n well normally in the game because we don ' t wanna know who ' s a cylon yeah
262. raider so do we think we can make thirteen? there ' s three colours there ' s yellow green and purple i can do a reasonable er contribution i can do a reasonable contribution i can pull my weight i can definitely pull my wait i can do a reasonable one so shall we go for it? let ' s go for it okay so first things first we get two from the destiny deck so we don
263. the game and then they ' d want it a low number yeah right i can add a contribution erm what ' s the sc what are we trying to get er number? i can pull my weight what ' s the number we ' re aiming for? nine nine right when can i use this? now i ' m gonna use that so you can say so ' s playing this yellow card this now
266. right this is your go is it? yeah? yeah and how many have we got to make? ten? ten yellow and green i can help a little but only a little i can pull my weight i can er w yellow or or what? yellow and green i can pull oh damn it i can ppull my weight senescence eh? yeah yeah you can pull your weight? yeah cool? i
267. and green i can help a little but only a little i can pull my weight i can er w yellow or or what? yellow and green i can pull oh damn it i can ppull my weight senescence eh? yeah yeah you can pull your weight? yeah cool? i can ' t help you ' ve got a big fan of cards in your hand well how much help have we got so
268. i can pull my weight i can er w yellow or or what? yellow and green i can pull oh damn it i can ppull my weight senescence eh? yeah yeah you can pull your weight? yeah cool? i can ' t help you ' ve got a big fan of cards in your hand well how much help have we got so far? nothing well people have just said i can help
269. do? do you wanna vote or do you wanna do the or? what colours can we use? yellow purple and blue we can ' t help in any w in any department i can pull my weight definitely more than my weight what colours? purple yellow and blue and green i can ' t help and green? there ' s no green that ' s blue oh is that blue? can ' t see
270. vote or do you wanna do the or? what colours can we use? yellow purple and blue we can ' t help in any w in any department i can pull my weight definitely more than my weight what colours? purple yellow and blue and green i can ' t help and green? there ' s no green that ' s blue oh is that blue? can ' t see yeah it ' s blue
271. have it like one hole up on the stirrup length and so you that you can actually drop yeah mm but the american saddle ' s got a piece at the back and it and it spreads the weight across the horse oh right i see yeah so it doesn ' t matter what size person you are oh you can get away with riding the horse because at the end of the day out when they ' re
272. how strong some parts of my body are yeah and then really surprised er with how weak the rest some bits are other bits are yeah so we were you know doing whatever and i was holding again this weight which weighs nothing half a bag of sugar and i was just like what? that ' s enough oh so he was like right do ten with this er h tiny tiny weight and then do ten with just
273. i was holding again this weight which weighs nothing half a bag of sugar and i was just like what? that ' s enough oh so he was like right do ten with this er h tiny tiny weight and then do ten with just moving your arms it ' s just like i ' m so weak my exercise is just moving my arms up and down oh my god have you ever been to a crani
274. just have to do upper body again mm i don ' t want it to go bad yeah and with the calves i just said only bodyweight mm no no additional two - thirds of my bodyweight weight jeez erm i know that ' s pretty crazy to start with really mm yeah and they ' re difficult muscles to warm up as well cos uhu uhu really you ' re sort of
275. s stupid we ' ll just have to do it really sort of sensibly yeah er cos you know the my legs can hack a hell of a lot like they can take a lot of weight mm erm but apart from my calves can ' t yeah but they will eventually yeah you can do calf raises every time you make a cup of tea or something yeah yeah yeah yeah and that will at
285. ' t really understand it ' s a post - grad but it ' s fifteen yeah so they don ' t offer it to undergraduates i guess yeah okay but it ' s still a lesser weight i wonder why? it must build on some of the theory that they have in i don ' t know why they won ' t offer it to an undergrad research in language and use erm i
286. s something on that side isn ' t it? i know i definitely fell when i was hiking once i i slipped and i landed oh that just really popped i landed like this with my whole body weight and my ar i really hurt my arm for a few weeks but erm that was wh exactly these like the day after got her leg bitten so i didn ' t really pay any attention to my
292. she? uhu she came in a sleeveless top tonight and she ' d got a big big one there i ' ve never seen it yeah so is that what we do when hit our goal weight are we gonna go and get a tat? slimming world forever that isn ' t gonna that isn ' t gonna spread tattoo your weight on you couldn ' t you? or it could be like
300. are you? and she said however heavy she is maybe like thirteen fourteen stone and he said i cannot believe you know i trust what you ' re saying yeah but i cannot believe that you at your weight can run and your heart can take it mm he said if you turned up for your medical now you wouldn ' t pass like if you sent in your med cos you have to send in a medical
301. at fifteen and a half minutes they ' d think she was lying and dismiss her out of hand so she so he said i ' m not saying this but you should lie and put down your the weight that you ' re aiming for and then push and the longest you can leave it at this point is six weeks right before having to actually have the fitness i mean it sounds mad and then and then at
305. bigger and then she was really thin and then yeah yeah what about? this is the heaviest kind of stays the same doesn ' t she really? yeah she ' s got like your thick stocky weight on her she ' s got big legs hasn ' t she? she ' s got her dad ' s legs oh yeah hasn ' t she? but erm yeah but she did lose quite a bit
312. a time which experienced people doing it a 911 would have been pleased with in the first attempt nice nice in an unfamiliar car huh yeah with a reporter on board and then ditched the reporter to save weight right nice they told the reporter to chop off an appendage of his choice and throw it out of the window to save weight yeah told the report to take his clothes off erm oh dear but
314. s very simple it ' s all laid out erm and then the funeral plans gosh so so we ' re really lucky yeah that that is that ' s really lucky that ' s a massive weight off everybody ' s mind that that ' s all done yeah so rang the funeral director he mm said yeah come in half past ten tomorrow and he said i ' ll go through the plan i ' ll
315. to being without but i i ' m er well it ' s ta took a little while to adjust to it when he first started working away it did so i can understand that you feel like the weight ' s on your shoulders don ' t you? yes yeah you ' ve gotta keep everything t yeah everybody in the right place at the right time and they yeah yeah yeah and the children seem okay but
318. we got? go on have a go yeah get get that again and get some more health potions as well and probably a mana one as well probably another mana one oh you can ' t yeah weight ten gold yeah weight three gold yeah get it yeah all good stuff mm just go back down for that bottom you ' ve got a lot more damage behind you now oh what the hell? er don '
319. on have a go yeah get get that again and get some more health potions as well and probably a mana one as well probably another mana one oh you can ' t yeah weight ten gold yeah weight three gold yeah get it yeah all good stuff mm just go back down for that bottom you ' ve got a lot more damage behind you now oh what the hell? er don ' t don ' t
320. the home um well i ' ve asked her to do a couple more things but she hasn ' t really i mean i haven ' t sort of said look h you know you need to pull your weight more yeah i ' ve just said you know can you just do this or just do that yeah um and er i asked her to clean the bath and she didn ' t yeah but i dunno she
324. long yeah and then i had an extension that long mm yeah and then this heavy - duty ratchet on the bottom and i tell you that was as much as i could do to hold that the weight of this the whole lot spanner stuff yeah let alone turn it yeah and then you think god one day that wouldn ' t weigh anything no that would just be nothing mm and you ' re you know
325. he ' s sort of lowering er i don ' t know not lowering the workload to such an extent that i ' m just moving my arms up and down because i can ' t hold a weight yeah and no weights yeah and i just feel so stupid and just like why can ' t my body do it? but if he ' d started with that exercise yeah you ' d probably be fine but
326. and that takes yeah okay if that happens hours then well then you ' re then they wouldn ' t go over the bridge er obviously for safety reasons you know if the bridge collapsed with the the yeah weight of the train they ' d have to er get it checked out or mend the bridge and that could take a day or two at least but er other reasons there are lots of things that could happen
327. you were getting a mortgage on your own and you deci you decided to take a job abroad mm you would just rent your flat out yeah or your house absolutely and then that ' s not a weight it ' s just something that ' s appreciating in value that ' s true back home yeah and you ' re off working somewhere else and someone ' s paying your mortgage that ' s very
328. been able to go through the letterbox but they ' d packed it square rather than flat if you see what i mean so it would you know barclaycard why do we get? look at that weight of paper yeah what a waste and that ditto but at least that is i mean why barclaycard think i want a barclaycard i ' ve no idea i ' ve never you know it ' s
329. so it was a bit like a press up all the way to the floor and she like it ' s taken me a long time to learn to do this because you have to support your whole body weight and everything and i was like it ' s not that difficult mm she just seemed like slightly unfit maybe she just eats shit yeah but she was like really into her yoga and everything it was really good mm
330. s clearly understandable yeah no it ' s like it ' s hard and the houses are big like they ' re massive investments yeah like if i was with somebody and they didn ' t pull their weight i ' d be annoyed wouldn ' t you? you don ' t want to resent somebody exactly you you you ' d no and you know? i don ' t want to be the person that
331. want to do all these plans and i ' m like no i ' ve got to stick and finish this and i ' m really excited to finish it mm yeah yeah it will be like such a weight off your shoulders when you yeah i remember finishing uni and just like wow i feel like i can do whatever i want to do now yeah but it wasn ' t such a relief handing in my dissertation
335. gardens botanic gardens i was testing it sorry say that again? i was testing testing the strength of the ice so i was holding onto while standing on it just in case em and yeah it took my weight actually you are quite light though huh? you are quite light nine stone you are quite light yeah i remember straight after uni went to holiday in and it was a really cold winter there and i don
337. to sort mysel i haven ' t yeah i ' m getting a bit yeah i blame the bike i think i lot i lost no honestly cos i think i lost a lot of well yeah weight from walking to and from school and cos i don ' t walk any more i ' m on the bike yeah yeah you ' re actually yeah using less energy you should maybe ride a bit quicker make
338. ' s right and some other people ' s distant pasts as well and erm if you take up the the the actual glass that ' s resting on the desk that would be a good enough weight er er er er yeah okay are the photos? but just to say dad there are some frames up in the attic which you might be able to use i don ' t know but there are some spare
339. ' t marry her because i ' m not gonna get it ' s a moral dilemma yeah moral dilemma yeah it it is good from that point of view what ' s it called? the the the weight of the stars the weight of stars well we ' ll have a look hey hey this guy gets catchies titles yeah yeah the weight of the stars yeah there ' s also the deep blue sea as well
340. i ' m not gonna get it ' s a moral dilemma yeah moral dilemma yeah it it is good from that point of view what ' s it called? the the the weight of the stars the weight of stars well we ' ll have a look hey hey this guy gets catchies titles yeah yeah the weight of the stars yeah there ' s also the deep blue sea as well yeah yeah or flair path
341. that point of view what ' s it called? the the the weight of the stars the weight of stars well we ' ll have a look hey hey this guy gets catchies titles yeah yeah the weight of the stars yeah there ' s also the deep blue sea as well yeah yeah or flair path flair path yeah yeah there are lots of other ones these but he ' s it it he ' s interesting
351. it reminds me of uh and he just got totally sat down like in the fight reminds me uh rick ricky hatton yeah e exactly the same it lasted like although he was apparently punch fighting above his weight when he was like um but apparently it lasted like about one round and he ' d just got totally like put on his arse by this well i think that ' s just a cultural thing uh i
352. thalidomide? probably cos it ' s about the right sort of age but erm she is she is enormous and she can ' t stand up for too long cos of the weight because obviously probably cos he ' s inactive she ' s inactive in a way because he he can ' t go out really apart from in a chair and she so she ' s she ' s gone
354. that comes from the running but that ' s more power rather than strength subtle distinction but alright no there is a there is a distinction though mm cos power is effectively how fast you can lift the weight hmm er it ' s that is how it ' s manifested really okay um and that ' s why power lifting is sli is a bit of a misnomer because it ' s yeah not about
359. good which is good news so five pounds six three mm so they normally put on an ounce a day so i was thinking that ' s an awfully long time before they get to a normal birth weight isn ' t it? yes yeah you know we ' re like a month when they were due originally yes yes so anyway it ' s good news they ' re getting on alright yes that ' s good
361. ' t we? i think it was more than that cos we started really early in the morning and we didn ' t get there till really late yeah and that was walking with a lot of weight as well yeah and a broken bag and a broken bag oh god oh well it ' s all good fun yeah we haven ' t been lost in a while it ' s about time we got lost again
363. i ' m not no up on it i should be but i ' m not sometimes i massamassage far too low than what i should do because i like to be able to put my weight through my arms yeah so i ' m almost leaning into them for the for the pressure but that isn ' t really doing my back any good yeah mm mm because i ' m bending over too far with
364. being able to put my pressure through properly mm does that make sense? yeah yeah but if you were actually just standing on something you would actually just be at a different angle and leaning at a different weight onto it yeah that might help try it she said get as close to the couch as possible and then what you do is you ' re bending from your hips then not leaning over yeah yeah that ' s
365. rid of that girlfriend in the end the one that was down south yeah? in portsmouth? yeah yeah they split up in the end? yeah yeah cos she was wasn ' t really pulling her weight with coming up was she? no no no she wasn ' t she kept saying oh we ' re just friends we ' ll see how it goes and all that he was like after months and months and
370. just put it where you would sew it yeah then you push push down oh no smooth it with something first then push down the two edges where you want them to join okay hold er put a weight of something on it er for fifteen minutes so just just it ' s probably pva glue just fabric glue? yeah yeah pva it ' s er f yeah mm erm and then you can iron
372. the fact that we ' ve been together for nine years counts for nothing mm mm but if we got married if we are married for a month a christian marriage with a christian marriage that apparently holds some weight but yeah it is it ' s just how it is it ' s to like keep the church going it ' s more like we ' ve been this pra yeah i agree yeah and it ' s
374. was gonna ask is about rounding up yeah f so for the ti ddoes it do they have to be the using the grey boundaries? yes right now it depends whether all the questions are of equal weight are they? they ' re fifty fifty yes okay that ' s yeah how many there are two questions? two questions fifty yeah alright sso er er you have two options one you could mark each question
375. agency with all hot girls that all get what he ' s talking about cos he ' s so passionate about it mm he ' s gonna drop her like a ton lead mm um like a lead weight mm but huh hospital jamas hospital hospital jamas jamas nice clean hospital jamas will go back in the drawer just in case it ' s hospital time just in case it er the dead leg needs
377. what to wear with jeans or? yeah oh nice i wore jacket for the it ' s not that lightweight but you know it ' ll be nice for spring so i ' m going to lose some weight from my arms so it ' ll fit lovely so i tried it on in the shop with this jumper and i thought oh it ' ll just be the jumper it ' s fine yeah but then i got
380. you know if you ' ve been on a while it will take you blah - blah - blah? doctors are shit they ' re terrible what do they know? nothing we ' ve put all this weight into doctors and then you go to to them with an actual problem and they have no idea they have no idea yeah just general practitioners aren ' t they? they just say oh do you i i said
381. that oh i ' m getting mixed up between two things that that actually happened and she ' s and she told them erm no no the other whoever was with her they weren ' t pulling their weight you see yeah so was given only the certain rooms yeah and at by a certain time she had sorted all her rooms they ' d all been fed properly they had all their meals and she ' d written
384. ? but i don ' t feel like i would be as good at teaching as i am today fair enough so that ' s why that and i i i were even now i put a lot of weight into that yeah great and do you want to make a redecirochange your mind about the map or? ah that is quite embarrassing that i used that or you can just still run with the
385. ' t fit through the slots that are put in place yes erm other couriers tend to be ah a bit more generous on dimensions mm and it ' s really more or less just priced by weight yes and ah is it hermes where you can print off the erm postal stamp on the computer? stamp yes on your printer and then you take it to the ah local corner shop don ' t you
386. now electric motors are coming into force and with the improved technology em in battery manufacturers y y y there are more powerful electric motors available and they the batteries will give eh a greater capacity for a given weight mm hm and that ' s how big are they? what? the aeroplanes? uh - huh well the the em internal combustion engine sort of something like a five foot wing span okay em gosh
387. too heavy? well i imagine it can ' t be too heavy can it? oh no the it ' s got to be light stuff so i i got this wing out there within my mm hm weight allowance so the plane ' s still flying and i ' ve got a spare one it ' s a good job you ' ve got the hobby of buying model aeroplanes and not sailing boats yeah but em
388. it? and it ' ll give me the notes like in rock band yeah cool erm but i can do it on my pc to the yeah instead of always being stuck here with noise yeah the weight of it on my shoulder oh okay erm i could then have it resting on my knee did you notice your shoulder was aching again? yeah i ' ve had a bit of back stuff and it '
390. editorial role basically? oh yeah they just don ' t call it that they just call it something different yeah exactly so it ' s kind of like well it ' s like product management which has some weight in other industries content and learning specialist? yeah that in any industry apparently they spent a year and half trying to figure out that but yeah so i think everybody everybody in those camps are kind of like you
391. just got all the pressure on them at the moment over this erm and there ' s a lot of tension between editors and it ' s been like well some of you aren ' t pulling your weight cos you ' re not doing more than the nine to five kind of thing it ' s like er god you know yeah but erm i think was in a really difficult position cos they were
392. ' t done so much for the last ten bloody years well i mean round house or anything well no sitting cos he sits in settee doesn ' t he? yeah and he ' s put weight on and well no wonder he never moves he ' s er i don ' t think he goes for walks and things no well he can ' t he said he can ' t walk now he used to
393. sounds awful and it makes me sound really shallow but i just wanted to do a bit of parading mm cos last time he saw me h how big were? i was i was the same weight but a very different size i was like how i was when i moved in here yeah your body shape so i wanted your body shape has changed a lot hasn ' t it you know i mean have you
394. the air force or in any services and you have a child a baby you cannot put the service first and therefore your if you rush off because you ' ve got a baby your colleagues are carrying the weight and i think that ' s quite wrong they used to have a rule that you couldn ' t join if you had children under fifteen and i thought that was fair after that they can fend for themselves
395. this dog this sausage dog mm it was quite the body was quite a normal size but the legs were really short and it sat on my foot and it was really heavy i mean you felt t the weight of it but yeah but em i took a lot of photos obviously when i was in taiwan but they never came out oh no because for some reason the camera this is this is the early days of d
404. laugh yeah erm there ' s only three blokes there ' s that runs it there ' s erm who rings all the big bells are they that big? there ' s a real weight to lift the things up the big ones uhu then you can go ding dong ding ding dong you know he ' s he ' s he ' s totally brilliant at it yeah erm and then there
406. yeah me too i think i ' m still detoxing you know it ' s nearly three weeks without alcohol now yes three weeks without alcohol erm losing water weight yep er from christmas and sugar weight and bloat uhu erm and erm these things happen takes what twenty - one days to break a habit or twenty - eight days i can ' t remember i dunno either way it
407. at myself in th like i might have i don ' t know but i look in the mirror at myself and i just like now i feel self conscious where i ' m sat no but like my weight no bothers me so much shut up and i can ' t no no but seriously no i can ' t even shut up begin to explain how much no how much it bothers me you need to
411. s not the job of the england no it ' s not that ' s not that ' s the but that ' s the that ' s the rfu they st and they correct do it by weight so you have kids who are younger playing against kids the same weight as them so they don ' t get smashed by kids who are older yeah it ' s not an age job that ' s why dan
412. ' s not that ' s the but that ' s the that ' s the rfu they st and they correct do it by weight so you have kids who are younger playing against kids the same weight as them so they don ' t get smashed by kids who are older yeah it ' s not an age job that ' s why dan carter could play when he was small yeah but leicester have got this
413. she wears short skirts what do you mean? oh big legs yeah i thought you meant long legs no no she ' s got a lovely figure but it ' s her legs and her her bum her weight ' s on or less oh look that ' s nice a swimming pool there that ' s what we need isn ' t it? yes nanny that ' s what we need are you trying to poo
414. cos that ' s the only place you get these and these are getting very collectable now and very hard to get believe it or not mm and they ' re going for good money feel the weight of that it looks heavy that ' s a proper ah yeah it ' s got a nice imprint in it hasn ' t it? mm yeah spencers bromsgrove yeah oh yeah and the other one
420. can ' t mm they have to get staff over and that it ' s in the bag yeah yeah yeah make sure you put it in fast enough it ' s like item er unrecorded weight in the in the bag just c haven ' t put it in yet yeah mm yeah it ' s like it ' s like the bank you know you ' ve got somebody going up and down the queue
424. makes it as one member of the household working while they ' ve still got a daughter at uni yeah i think that ' s maybe the thought erm oh and working and supporting herself pulling her weight i ' m just thinking at leeds you could probably get away with part - time job yeah you probably could again but that would interfere with you know choir and tea - drinking as in not like a full
425. ##gise i sh i hand i i give you my hand to say i am sorry that was a big one i wonder if they ' re big ones or small ones i think they sell them by weight no i know but if like you wanted to get those flavours though yeah go on i apologise come on come on come on mum tell dad to a b to er accept my apology dad
429. yeah and that was that was quite good actually i found that having something in my hands actually made it easier ah like as a sort of way to motivate your body to get up having this weight and then like put it down on the mat so that you ' re moving your whole body cos what he ' s like you ' re moving your legs you ' re cheating you ' re ch you
430. things away? yeah i ' ve been throwing lots of things away i will not let you look cos you ' ll wanna keep everything what are have you been throwing away? no nothing of any weight or impor oh erm i have put a smelly fish thing in it a smelly fish thing? you know that under what ' s under sort of under thing you get in ah right fish
437. different you use yeah obviously momentum and stuff and like you can up your weights quite quickly because yeah like we were doing a move the other day and i was like and you probably wanna try a heavier weight on this cos we were just and like cos we we are in the beginners ' class still but i really like it i think yeah like it ' s a good one and you get really
439. office i ' d forgotten that that ' s that oh i ' d forgotten that that ' s that ' s actually genius isn ' t it really? cos you can ' t lift a dead weight you can ' t lift a body no no just wheel it if in doubt just wheel her they dosed her up with coffee for an hour and sent her home and she text me she got on the
440. might have made it heavy duty oh did it? it ' s a solid door solid but the hinge always uses the catch and it was so it made it heavy cos it was a heavy weight no it ' s def definitely a heavy door it is fire door it ' s an official fire door is it? yeah but the thing is she ' s complicit because she knows that we
441. that ' s a good system i was like okay so i get off it so i gave it a kick like to see if maybe the floor or maybe it was just kind of stuck on the same weight as i got on and i got on again and it went ten stone six so i was like right better but it could be the floor yeah so i got i moved it around a lot and i got
442. i moved it to a different point and i was like yeah and again and again and again yeah getting on it and i was like it it would be very strange for it to be precisely the same weight as the other day yeah when erm like to the same quarter of a pound yeah and erm so i thought i ' ll move it cos i expected it yeah and then well hopefully you know
443. because that would well stay as it is would it though? no cos it would this is what i ' m hey but listen well a moving a you know you know move any floor off a weight supporting area you have to put rsjs in er on each it ' s not it ' s not the floor though is it? and every floor it ' s it ' s just you take the chimney
444. that was crocodiles and this one it was hu absolutely huge what was it supposed to be? bigger than what? it was about erm it was erm about erm a thousand pounds in weight is what the biggest crocodile i imagine these were quite similar absolutely massive it seems er ridiculous but they exist yeah oh yeah real salt water crocodile exists they ' re all off the i was crawling around on my
445. you ' ve been haven ' t you and the more you ' ve been you ' ve been the more you tend to realise just what you ' ve putting yourself in for but then you have to weight that up in for the same reason driving on a bus or walking down the street absolutely the chances of that are higher of that than on a plane so i mean in nepal we were only about twelve cars
447. is so tight in there i don ' t know yeah maybe yeah maybe if you ' ve got like quite erm if you ' re not like you ' re necessarily like skinny as in like lost weight or something but like have a generally skinny frame yeah and that ' s what it is do you know what i mean? cos some people do yeah so they had to cut a hole in her side
448. w to to measure it out it ' s like when we feed i ' ve got an old tupperware bowl and i know that about that far down from the top mm is the right mm weight for her mm but over eighty percent overfed and some of them you could see them they would sort of put some in look at it and go mm oh put a bit more in mm and they what
451. sorry? does it cost a lot to buy? it ' s expensive because it ' s heavy yeah it ' s like top soil top soil ' s surprisingly heav erm expensive because of the weight so it ' s the oh i see yeah the expense of storing it and moving it i suppose and that ' s nice cider thank you oh actually little that or young i i ' ve got he
453. ' s lovely a bit left yeah yes are you alright with the ice cream? cos there ' s cream here as well oh yeah ice cream yes oh that ' s that ' ll put your weight on cream yeah i know yes well i ' d lost on there oh yeah that ' s a nice photo i think now his er is his job reasonably safe again is it? mm yes he just they
454. oh impossible cos you have to push the window down and you have to stick your head right outside yeah open it and then of course you almost tumble out er especially as a child because of the weight of the door so it ' s very dangerous well one well one time you could open the windows like from inside like mm yes so a child there i know very dangerous yeah and if you didn ' t
455. bit heavier i thought that was really pushing it to its nth degree that one no it can deal with much more than that eh? yeah it was it wasn ' t it wasn ' t the weight it was the twisting on the axle that did it it had self locking nut underneath the axle mm and basically if you if you move the erm pulley arm mm then it just unlocks the un
456. switzerland so they it was quite a journey by coach but by the time they got there he had stowed booze and all sorts on the coach he was high as a kite he was throwing his weight around oh okay so they took him to the airport put him on the first flight did they? bearing mind that we ' re in they put him on the ne the first flight out which was to birmingham
458. equipment they put on because i was chosen to be the model stinks well it didn ' t so much sti i didn ' t notice stink cos it ' s just heavy i noticed the weight it was so heavy it was ridiculous it was yeah so heavy ridiculous ridiculous like you wouldn ' t put clothes on that that that were that heavy i ' m surprised they can walk you just wouldn ' t
462. that it was cos you you sat up here so you sort of had to clamber up to the top yeah and they made you sit in certain places cos i had to level the weight out so we were right at the front weren ' t we? in the window yeah i was sat at on on the pilot ' s shoulder virtually you were one side i was the other so we both
463. t ' ve been much use at all i don ' t even he would ' ve panicked probably taking that washing machine up the stairs mm so cos it did d d they are a big old weight and then i i don ' t think he would was definitely the best bet the best bet yeah definitely mm and he was quick to quick to get the washing machine with dad set up and er quickly got
468. of produce reports and try and lobby governments and stuff like that seems a sensible solution and they they do have quite a lot of oomph i guess you ' d say there ' s t some weight behind them so if there ' s er cites meetings and things like that cites? cites sorry so cites erm is an acronym and it ' s c i t e s for the convention on international trade
469. yeah but they weren ' t because he said you know he could erm speak to a light and say come to my hand and it would and it would rest in his hand it would have no weight right and then it would pass through his hand and then through the table into the floor and that happened on lots of oc on lots of occasions right erm there were objects but how many times did
470. was no yellowing or anything okay i mean i suppose the supposition was that that ' s a kind of temporal as well as spatial transference mm okay and they did was just the sheer weight of evidence that was so compelling to some people i suppose what do you think? i don ' t know i think i ' d want to do a bit more reading into it but i ' m sure
474. than the comb right? erm it ' s lovey sorry oh okay right i ' m just serving up it seems like it does it doesn ' t s er spin as fast is that a weight thing? no that ' s probably just the looseness of these so er that will only it will only be because this one i put wd - 40 on with no please don ' t mm mm
476. ' s the word i mean? it ' s a a burden yes what what was what was the word? a erm yeah it ' s a a thing around your neck it ' s a weight it ' s a yeah it ' s a it ' s a it has a real crap what ' s the word? it ' s a really simple word as well it ' s a real like a
477. and and they ' re really primitive pictures but you can see it ' s most interesting things because you can see that once the er the inner cement so to speak mortar mortar started to crumble the weight er you it it went like that er right down like a sodden pudding yes or something yeah yes er oh yes really strange and the other thing that i had no idea that had happened erm the
494. what does it look like in summer because you ' ve got all of this stuff on top of it is it? it looks like it ' s going to collapse why would it collapse? well the weight of all that stuff foliage on top no no? no well i suppose it ' s been there how many years? it reminds me of those er temples in angkor wat angkor yeah with all the
499. er it yeah feels quite solid yeah yeah how do you tell if something ' s brass? it looks like brass doesn ' t it? yeah i think it is oh yes yeah let me feel the weight of it oh yes oh yes that is yeah that ' s really rather good actually isn ' t it? mm nice always worth keeping an eye on charity shops oh yes would you like to stir your vegetables
503. foot oh actually she is taller than me i reckon she ' s five foot nine five foot eight five foot nine well that ' s just ridiculously thin in that case so she m i the lowest weight i ' d be happy if i got down to ten and a half ten and a half would be erm a fine weight to be in my book mm so i ' ve still got another stone to
504. s just ridiculously thin in that case so she m i the lowest weight i ' d be happy if i got down to ten and a half ten and a half would be erm a fine weight to be in my book mm so i ' ve still got another stone to go well it ' s not so much about i mean i cos i never knew how much i weighed before really it '
505. and i got a more expensive mattress and one that i ' ve got more padding and one that had more independent springs which means that actually that it it ' s much more responsive to your individual weight and protuberances ours was an incredible expensive bed we bought mm because actually interestingly as you say we have were having a terrible time and i was in agony at night and hadn ' t slept
506. is a cup a cup is a cup if it ' s a liquid a cup if it ' s flour a cup if it ' s something else how fucking ridiculous is that? just have one bloody weight please or one weight for liquid and one weight for which is the british millilitres or millilitres hold on though is the weight? a fluid ounce you get yeah so it ' s the same
507. cup is a cup if it ' s a liquid a cup if it ' s flour a cup if it ' s something else how fucking ridiculous is that? just have one bloody weight please or one weight for liquid and one weight for which is the british millilitres or millilitres hold on though is the weight? a fluid ounce you get yeah so it ' s the same it ' s an
508. it ' s a liquid a cup if it ' s flour a cup if it ' s something else how fucking ridiculous is that? just have one bloody weight please or one weight for liquid and one weight for which is the british millilitres or millilitres hold on though is the weight? a fluid ounce you get yeah so it ' s the same it ' s an ounce or it ' s
509. something else how fucking ridiculous is that? just have one bloody weight please or one weight for liquid and one weight for which is the british millilitres or millilitres hold on though is the weight? a fluid ounce you get yeah so it ' s the same it ' s an ounce or it ' s a fluid ounce but it ' s the same if you were no is it the same?
510. because like that that would explain why it feels twisted round yeah cos if that had fallen down like that and it was like fast like you ' re and that ' s what you had all your weight on yeah yeah that ' s my elbow kind of went down weirdly mm but i think you might have just like badly sprained it yeah and it ' ll just and it ' ll just take a

Cluster 2
2. in luton wasn ' t it in pardon? it was in luton i think probably um anyway um i ' m swimming now i ' m swimming twice a week running twice a week and some sort of weight training twice a week um as is mm um we ' ve er got her doing full push - ups cos normally for girls they say oh put your knees down and you can ' t do the full
3. lunches as long as they ' re small yeah yeah it ' s savoury so i if it ' s savoury it ' s okay it ' s allowed how ' s the um weight going? the little men? no the weight you said last week oh yeah um well should be going down because i ' ve had er did a long run yesterday mhm with my dad all the way
4. yeah yeah it ' s savoury so i if it ' s savoury it ' s okay it ' s allowed how ' s the um weight going? the little men? no the weight you said last week oh yeah um well should be going down because i ' ve had er did a long run yesterday mhm with my dad all the way up to crystal palace and back oh yeah i
5. office said oh my god you ' ve gotta start eating food and i said er trust me there ' s not an issue there she said you ' re looking so skinny you ' ve lost loads of weight and i was like there was like two days when i had the flu last week when i didn ' t really eat but that was about it she was like no you ' re looking really skinny and i
7. should not i think a child i know but pardon me pardon you it proper smells like popcorn in here like it does last night oh my god oh my bladder hurts mrs told me i ' d lost weight today i was like did she? yeah oh she well she didn ' t tell me she ' d come but she didn ' t tell me she ' d lost weight she come up to me and went
8. told me i ' d lost weight today i was like did she? yeah oh she well she didn ' t tell me she ' d come but she didn ' t tell me she ' d lost weight she come up to me and went like this and she went well that ' s shrinking ah so i ' d i i ' m rewarding myself what did you do today then? it was really kind
9. a full time good job earned right and then he had to get a a s bypass because no what ' s it called? gastric band gastric band and then he lost loads and loads of weight to obviously because he couldn ' t eat as much so they took he a lot of his carers off him so he started kicking off about that oh yeah i saw that saying how he deserved this no
11. something like that oh and erm and that and then like when it came to the end like they were giving them like all the like award things or whatever mm basically who ' s lost the most weight and look how nice everyone looks and blah blah blah yeah and she come on and she was stick thin really? because she ' d taken it really seriously she ' d put herself on a diet she '
12. that yeah like constantly walking everywhere she ' d had who was that? my timer oh she ' d had like oh family friends with her and stuff she ' d stop eating na mars bars until the weight just dropped off her and she looked so nice bless her cos she was quite old as well like she wasn ' t young mm she was like she was like in her sixties and that and it just
13. ' s younger than us have you watched made before on mtv? yeah i think it ' s called made and erm they basically they have a wish and it ' s normally something like to lose weight mm or to be like a beau in a beauty pageant or something like that mm yeah er or to like be on a sports team or som so most of them are quite like you know very teenager
14. be on a sports team or som so most of them are quite like you know very teenager things to be er but the ones that could do work ones oh my god like they lose so much weight and it is li because they give them personal trainers mm they put them on diets and they actually make them get up and do stuff mm and things like that and it ' s like it ' s
15. got a dog now so you might see her out oh right may well but walking the dog but i haven ' t seen her so i can ' t yeah but she ' s lost a lot of weight oh dear well let ' s hope she ' s alright too i know blinking heck we need some good news i know what oh what good news have i got? what good news? oh moved we went
16. i really don ' t want to stand out in front of anyone else i i don ' t don ' t i just hate that sort of thing yes and and i ' m not happy with my weight cos i haven ' t been able to get onto the diet thing you know every monday comes and i start and by tuesday wednesday it ' s off so wasn ' t really happy and i ' ve
17. gonna last ah can just feel the fat feel the fat but can you not see like now that you ' re wearing something so you know so clingy so revealing can you not see how much weight you lost? no not even a little not even a little bit cos you ' ve definitely got like that womanly shape like i d i don ' t think you were ever that big when you
18. glass figure now than you had before yeah i think my figure ' s changed a lot yeah i don ' t feel any smaller i just feel a different shape oh i think you ' ve definitely lost weight where ' s the? that ' s with i ' m sure the scales don ' t say so which is annoying yeah i dunno why what is though cos you obviously are a different shape i
19. with i ' m sure the scales don ' t say so which is annoying yeah i dunno why what is though cos you obviously are a different shape i mean it looks like you have lost weight it ' s a pain though isn ' t it cos it ' s like it ' s so difficult for you to see whereas if it ' s on when it ' s yourself whereas if it '
20. difficult to tell yeah unless you ' ve got written proof on the numbers and stuff yeah exactly i ' ve never trusted anyone when they ' re like oh you look like you ' ve lost loads of weight and i ' m like no i would know my body yeah especially when you know on numbers wise you haven ' t georgie porgie is he your favourite? i love him a little bit yeah kinda understand
24. when it ' s really busy it ' s so frustrating what are doing just the just the gym? mm no swimming no classes? no i ' ll just go and do a for half an hour weight session but when you get in there it ' s rammed and it ' s full of posers and do you want me to get the trampette out have a little go on that? yeah probably
25. pure muscle can you convert the fat? or have you got to lose the fat? oh no i ' ve got to lose the fat i ' m just joking oh dear i need to lose some weight but there you go i wonder what time your dad will get back? i wonder he ' s probably doing more jobs like setting the dvd setting the tv recording things that grandpa is just going to turn off
27. a extra layer of lard and then i ' ll be a farmer mm mm yeah mm i weighed myself this morning which i don ' t really do mm and i ' ve stayed exactly the same weight last mm few months yeah i ' m definitely losing fat but my weight has just yeah stayed the same which is muscle weight to lose inches but mm weight ' s still the same yeah and i think er
28. mm mm yeah mm i weighed myself this morning which i don ' t really do mm and i ' ve stayed exactly the same weight last mm few months yeah i ' m definitely losing fat but my weight has just yeah stayed the same which is muscle weight to lose inches but mm weight ' s still the same yeah and i think erm i ' m just losing water still from mm christmas mm yeah so
30. mm and i ' ve stayed exactly the same weight last mm few months yeah i ' m definitely losing fat but my weight has just yeah stayed the same which is muscle weight to lose inches but mm weight ' s still the same yeah and i think erm i ' m just losing water still from mm christmas mm yeah so yeah so first of february tomorrow i ' m gonna have my oh fuck it is
31. ##bread haven ' t i always? oh well actually i was very good in the month of may were you? i gave up all sugar i never had biscuit cake a a biscuit how much weight did you lose? i did actually how much i don ' t know wow but i did wow i ' m not surprised i lost a few pound yeah so i the last couple of weeks i ' ve
34. they need to go they need to be gone now yeah now em are you em transferring it to muscle? yeah that ' s probably what ' s happening see when you first start doing any sort of weight training you gain weight quite quickly you ' ll gain like a i can ' t work it i can ' t remember what it is bit it ' s something it ' s something ridiculous like you gain a
35. they need to be gone now yeah now em are you em transferring it to muscle? yeah that ' s probably what ' s happening see when you first start doing any sort of weight training you gain weight quite quickly you ' ll gain like a i can ' t work it i can ' t remember what it is bit it ' s something it ' s something ridiculous like you gain a kilo if you
36. gain like a i can ' t work it i can ' t remember what it is bit it ' s something it ' s something ridiculous like you gain a kilo if you ' redoing weight training regular you can gain a kilo a week shit yeah because you ' re building muscle you see which you ' ve not had before so that ' s going to be sort of the fat you lose
37. ' re building muscle you see which you ' ve not had before so that ' s going to be sort of the fat you lose your replacing with muscle so you ' re not going to lose any weight i ' m going to get guns soon i can feel them you ' re going to definitely get guns they ' re better than the last time i tried for guns look at this arm it ' s amazing
39. s a hell of a lot don ' t don ' t l straight out of that one quickly about that it ' s about that yeah well basically i choose the don ' t ask a girl her weight i choose the one yeah i ' m never going to tell you that i choose the one that ' s close to my body weight it ' s not exactly that but it ' s pretty close that '
40. yeah well basically i choose the don ' t ask a girl her weight i choose the one yeah i ' m never going to tell you that i choose the one that ' s close to my body weight it ' s not exactly that but it ' s pretty close that ' s a little bit serious mate seventy kilos that ' s like that ' s like a child more than a child it ' s
41. five minutes to burn it off i like all those things that ' s not even bad stuff no but you still need to burn it off don ' t you? well only if you ' re losing weight mm em that ' s a bit intense though yeah em bananas are the worst kind of carbs apparently the worst kind of fruit you mean? the worst kind of yeah fruit cos they ' re re
44. friend of mine started having speed for breakfast i think i don ' t know if she ' s still doing it as a lifestyle choice? just for fun? shits and giggles? just to lose weight so every morning before she went to work speed for breakfast is that normal? em she used to be a it would work it works look e used they used to sell it they used to ba my my
49. back he ' s still going down the gym training yeah cos i ' ve said to him you know you ' ve got to strengthen up your core muscles mm oh which seems bizarre with all the weight training and that he ' s been doing that he should have well it depends on what he ' s training this problem but if he ' s not training his his can you just unlock your phone? full
51. bed every night erm no mm? soiling yeah he ' s been pooping a lot erm no it ' s just like a food replacement thing sort of like er sort of like a weight watchers type shake except oh right like smoothies all this shit? but it ' s like fully nutritionally balanced right so you could live just off this thing instead just on that? ah how soul
52. a millionaire myself i do not need the money are you? i ' m a gay icon around the globe darling my videos are on youtube everybody tweets my my body yeah starting to put on weight you ' re losing it a bit er valentino tweets they do all of these things darling you ' re starting to lose it and i you know you ' re gonna be you ' re gonna
55. of money and a few treatments can do oh yeah there was an article in the daily mail today you know sam smith? yeah how in his brit speech he said about how he ' s put on weight and he was like all happy apparently he ' s just lost fourteen pounds in fourteen days that ' s water work that ' s water retention mostly he ' s lost cos he was quite yeah blo
56. cameron? er she was something to do with an mp a pm sorry but erm i was gonna say what oh yeah but erm yeah and you can see he he ' s lost loads of weight but i don ' t think it was in mm fourteen days though because he was looking slimmer at the brits than he was from the grammys in november so he has lost a bit since then
57. maintain that no that ' s the thing you see mm as i said the slower you lose it yeah if you lose it and then you ' re more likely to keep it off yeah than this sudden weight but even now yeah gains i know we or weight loss like we had a and you gain it just a quick bad weekend but like to only put on two pound yeah yeah that ' s a good thing
58. mm as i said the slower you lose it yeah if you lose it and then you ' re more likely to keep it off yeah than this sudden weight but even now yeah gains i know we or weight loss like we had a and you gain it just a quick bad weekend but like to only put on two pound yeah yeah that ' s a good thing but yeah sort of oh i always dread going in
59. ll put it in here you know right alright right right see you soon okay well if i don ' t see you before which i might see you next thursday yeah when we will have lost masses of weight yes for sure thanks a lot then alright then see you soon bye bye bye well we can still carry on make it up to an hour oh okay okay erm oh my my belly i am so bigger
60. look at the toning she ' s been doing oh my gosh she ' s fit wow is still pretty slim? yeah let ' s see what happened to you? yeah i just put on weight put on a bit of christmas weight? shut up you ' re not meant to notice a bit of festive cheer you ' re not meant to say that what happened to you well you ' re my
61. s been doing oh my gosh she ' s fit wow is still pretty slim? yeah let ' s see what happened to you? yeah i just put on weight put on a bit of christmas weight? shut up you ' re not meant to notice a bit of festive cheer you ' re not meant to say that what happened to you well you ' re my aunt you going to take that outside
63. he ' s working and he ' s bringing a wage in he ' s been there for over a year now and he ' s he ballooned up didn ' t he? yeah has he lost weight again? has he lost it now? yeah he ' s er lolost quite a bit good stuff that ' s good he ' s just got pregnant well she got pregnant she put on four stone
64. listening? you wouldn ' t want to say yes if they were listening would you really if you ' re well i think it ' s a ticky box thing isn ' t it? yeah they weight everyone in year six anyway oh yeah that ' s fun yeah i have noticed that our yes our year sixes have never there ' s no maybe even one person overweight but this year the first time
67. ? i know what was the reasoning behind this? stupid dieting you are being so hardcore er like er i know do you have to is there like certain criteria for your like navy intake? like weight or height or eyesight or fitness no level? you have to i ' ve had my eyes done yeah my eyes tested which is fine mm um i ' ve got to run a mile and a half
69. i suppose isn ' t it i don ' t need it mm i know i don ' t need it the only reason why i done it is cos that ' s how i lost all my weight mm which kind of contradicts itself really but yeah i literally just went on a coffee and vitamin diet what do you mean? that ' s all you had? yeah vitamin tablets in the morning couple
70. no one gives a fuck about his cars steve had corrective surgery to his penis while he any pain he had was the gains he made who ' s steve? i dunno might martin ' s weight loss i assume cos i assume considering it was in inverted commas it was the guy who was masked in the dark oh right it was been a while since suffering with pneumonia or silicone embol
71. away i can get comfy in bed and i can go to sleep and then i wake in the night and it ' s fucking bad bastard innit? i think that ' s the answer lose weight do you want me to try and help you? erm support you thank you yeah i don ' t know how but you know really i need a cook oh dear can ' t supply that one no
72. ' m not i was in a bit of a shock i put some clothes on and they just didn ' t fit at all before we went on holiday er i ' ve gotta try and get some weight down erm but surprisingly and almost in a pleasing way i ' d put weight on my legs and my backside normally when i lost weight those were the places it always went even if you didn ' t
73. and they just didn ' t fit at all before we went on holiday er i ' ve gotta try and get some weight down erm but surprisingly and almost in a pleasing way i ' d put weight on my legs and my backside normally when i lost weight those were the places it always went even if you didn ' t want to you know if you wanted to lose weight you were rather ththink
74. went on holiday er i ' ve gotta try and get some weight down erm but surprisingly and almost in a pleasing way i ' d put weight on my legs and my backside normally when i lost weight those were the places it always went even if you didn ' t want to you know if you wanted to lose weight you were rather ththinking on your on your on your chest moobs
75. way i ' d put weight on my legs and my backside normally when i lost weight those were the places it always went even if you didn ' t want to you know if you wanted to lose weight you were rather ththinking on your on your on your chest moobs and on your side no they would stay the weight would drop off your backside and off your legs where you didn '
79. t i? mm she hides the chocolate but actually i ' ve been quite good on chocolate i eat let me know where you let me know where you hide them you well i need to put on weight don ' t i? you must agree er on the chocolate front i ' ve been quite good i mean like that chocolate in there i haven ' t been eating it er i know that you ' ve
81. were double the answer yeah well done okay there we are right the next one in the doghouse right yeah he ' s collecting very good the drinks er the next one is there are nine general boxing weight divisions oh boxing weight divisions right there are nine of which and i would like you to list them please and er you go first because no it ' s your turn no need to go first no it '
82. yeah well done okay there we are right the next one in the doghouse right yeah he ' s collecting very good the drinks er the next one is there are nine general boxing weight divisions oh boxing weight divisions right there are nine of which and i would like you to list them please and er you go first because no it ' s your turn no need to go first no it ' s you this time
85. no no no that doesn ' t make sense he no no he ' s like er rather than like flesh they just get fat like a bigger layer of fat oh er oh like people after a certain weight cos er turkeys are the opposite like people turkeys just get like more and more flesh right right right right after a certain weight and less fat but he ' s like i ' ve asked for
90. her recently? not for a while um no not for ages actually i spoke to my grandad the other day mm he ' s er feeling better good um s he said he ' d lost some weight and that and now when he goes to the shops mm he feels like he ' s like walking twice as fast and aw that ' s good what a cutie so your nan pleased to have him home
96. know if you ' ve bought a coat that ' s a bit big it doesn ' t really matter does it? i mean you just think oh silly me or i ' ve lost a bit of weight or whatever it ' s not the end of the world but if it ' s affecting your health and your joints then mm mm it ' s really important and it ' s not a good thing and also
101. ' s it ' s that age and i think the thing is the what the the thing that worries me when about that story is that you now marry the two things so you marry losing all that weight and the boys fancying you and i think probably what actually happened mm was you lost the weight gained confidence and that ' s what boys find attractive like they don ' t i don ' t think it
102. worries me when about that story is that you now marry the two things so you marry losing all that weight and the boys fancying you and i think probably what actually happened mm was you lost the weight gained confidence and that ' s what boys find attractive like they don ' t i don ' t think it ' s anything to do with the size that you are no and i think you ' re very
103. stuff like that can ' t it? yes did you ever see that thing? it i can ' t remember when i saw it but people purposely not taking their insulin jec injections to lose weight yeah and a lot of them were going blind because they were doing it yeah it ' s so bad it ' s like why would you why would you wanna be skinny that much that you? and like
104. i remember when i first got it and everybody ' s like ah is that cos cos you ' re fat and i was like ah like when you get it as well you lose loads of weight because obviously like the sugar like you are using insulin to like make the sugar yeah so like it eats like your muscles so you lose so much weight and i was like do you? like really skinny and
105. when you get it as well you lose loads of weight because obviously like the sugar like you are using insulin to like make the sugar yeah so like it eats like your muscles so you lose so much weight and i was like do you? like really skinny and people were like why? you still are really skinny are yous having another one? i ' ve just finished one but i will sit here with
107. can ' t stop it cos like my mam has them yeah so like it ' s just one of them things really yeah same with my mum so i went on that i put loads of weight on and then erm i came off that went on the erm implant hoping that that ' d be different yeah my best friend ' s got the implant that made me angry all the time had it
108. the implant that made me angry all the time had it for six months yeah had it taken out and then i went on to the daily pills kept forgetting and it it just and it made me put weight on and i yeah was just like d ' you know what i don ' t mind having a period yeah and i ' ve got one where i still have a period me and use protection anyway so yeah
109. re at it will just maintain that won ' t it? mm maybe you ' ll build up a little bit on your shoulders mm over time but you ' re not really going to mm suddenly lose weight are you? from swimming no so you ' ll have something to focus on when you come back yes that ' ll be nice actually mm having the time yeah and the something ' s good yes like something
112. and she sort of said oh i think it ' s probably going to be your thyroid that ' s out of whack cos i also said well i ' ve put on a lot of weight over the last year or two and erm i don ' t think i ' m doing anything particularly different but i just keep on seem to get fatter and fatter all the time so she said
116. the meals because they ' re healthier i guess well yeah that ' s what i do a lot of the time not sticking to it strictly although i ' ll need to now mm gonna lose some weight for the summer? you ' re the only one putting it on yes or you ' re the only one who needs to put it on aren ' t you? everybody else needs to be losing it yes
117. just sit and watch tv and crap on eat and eat yeah yeah just pretty much the eat that ' s the problem with the winter isn ' t it? like that ' s why people put on weight in the winter because they just sit inside and eat and watch tv that ' s true in their little cocoons uhu it is fun uhu i ' m like november onwards it ' s just like
122. sstarted to try and do it mm again but it ' s like i ' ve really i ' m a bit what i ' m doing really is to make sure i don ' t add weight okay so yeah i ' m not counting calories really yeah erm but i ' m not i and i eat reasonably in the evening yeah he but one of my cook nights and i just cook i
124. been it ' s thinking about it it ' s mm but you know the problem is i have when i ' ve done it in the past quite successfully i have then just gone away and put on weight and that right is what i ' m trying not to kind of and i weigh myself regularly at the gym and erm and you weigh yoursyourself on the same machine you know at sort of
125. yeah and i don ' t work as hard as i did yeah erm what do i do? i do about half an hour on the exercise bike yeah and then i do the round of the weight machines yeah one or two i don ' t do which oh right erm more affected by the the arthritis yeah erm yeah it doesn ' t sound nice arthritis no i had two joints replaced and er
126. you know goodnight it ' s his game and like straight after up and down up down up down oh but that was lovely i don ' t i don ' t think he ' s gonna put on weight mm yes thank you very very much that was really really nice well that started from the leftover rice no that started from the leftover ah sometimes the best things do don ' t they? erm
130. blog it was called this is privilege basically oh yes i like that blog yeah basically basically a woman who is probably four hundred pounds complaining about how society is warped and that she should be accepted for her weight and she complained that the seats were she went to a baseball game or something and she complained that the seats the seats weren ' t big enough for her arse the the seats weren ' t big enough
131. s it ' s like do more exercise and eat healthily and and and also she said that erm her cousin or something came over there was a family gathering her cousin came over and she lost weight she lost like a bit of weight and she was feeling happy about herself she said it triggered her because it reminded she said it was triggering because it made me feel worse about myself therefore she ' s not
132. exercise and eat healthily and and and also she said that erm her cousin or something came over there was a family gathering her cousin came over and she lost weight she lost like a bit of weight and she was feeling happy about herself she said it triggered her because it reminded she said it was triggering because it made me feel worse about myself therefore she ' s not allowed to celebrate losing weight and being
133. of weight and she was feeling happy about herself she said it triggered her because it reminded she said it was triggering because it made me feel worse about myself therefore she ' s not allowed to celebrate losing weight and being healthy i ' m like piss off okay? you ' re just a massive attention s like she a massive attention seeker so what was that do you want to repeat that for the you know just
134. just a massive attention s like she a massive attention seeker so what was that do you want to repeat that for the you know just just because you ' re too lazy or have no motivation to lose weight doesn ' t mean that you have to shit on everyone else ' s like not all of it ' s well then you should accept me for who i am i am fat not all of it is diet
135. claim you are your blood sugar ' s probably like your muscles are under strain and then and then they say oh i did loads of exercise and i went on a diet and i still stayed the same weight i highly doubt it yeah did it for two weeks like i i i really really doubt you did it properly they need to book see a nutritionist but some of these people some of these people yeah they
139. ##bab but like a doner meat on a pizza i ' ve questioned the health problems of it yeah but you know never been like kind of oh i ' m scared i ' ll either put weight on or i ' ll have to balance it out with something else i feel really very grateful for that yeah my mums still going to that thing oh is she good how ' s she finding it?
140. car to work and i think if i started sitting down in my job i think i should join a gym oh maybe i mean i don ' t think i ' ve put on a huge amount of weight since i stopped going to the gym feel like i have a little bit i don ' t notice i don ' t feel quite as healthy but it ' s how you feel not how you look i feel
141. she sent me a message being like oh i ' m on holiday s i ' m sorry but i will message you when i get back yeah i saw her holiday pictures yeah has put on so much weight again hasn ' t he? i didn ' t see him i just saw her okay i ' m like a massive bitch right then no i haven ' t seen him i i might agree with you er
142. she just likes riding i think oh i see it is it is in that ' s? yeah holiday yeah so she ' s got like he kind of was really heavy then he lost a bit of weight and then he just put it all back on as horrible as i sound i ' m such a horrible person she ' s not looking too bad though no she ' s looking sh er ' s always been
143. the moment oh and erm i ' ve lost half a stone in erm in in six weeks erm and i but because because i ' ve had to give up i lo i lost lost weight at christmas yeah because i ' ve got to give up all these things but that ' s not too good for you because you weren ' t overweight no i know i know i mean most women would
144. overweight no i know i know i mean most women would be yeah well i you know they ' d like to to lose but i i wasn ' t you don ' t really need to lose weight well i was nine stone four and i ' ve gone down to oh dear eight and a half so but that ' s yeah only because i ' m not eating what i used to eat which was i
148. mm mm we stand in ' s loft now and see them yeah you said yeah it ' s amazing have you see a have you seen now? pardon? remember oh yeah yeah he ' s put weight on has he? he ' s always been dead skinny as well i know how fat ' s he got? i haven ' t seen in for ages quite a bit really? mm yeah but he '
149. haven ' t seen in for ages quite a bit really? mm yeah but he ' s always been proper thin hasn ' t he? yeah always i didn ' t know he was capable of putting weight on mum can i go out then? no why? no why? no cos you ' ve been out enough i haven ' t you have i ' m off school i know yeah so exactly no
150. not too bad flipping hell you ' re looking really good compared to most bri and that is good most british people we ' re doing pretty good oh no but someone said put on a bit of weight didn ' t he? but then he ' s shrunk down again yeah no he has he did yeah majorly bless him yeah and well he ' s had a child yeah i know how time
156. but i didn ' t think he ' d be like no he was really upset about it i know he was upset about it but no because he he ' s he ' s really sensitive about his weight like and he has been for like a really long time mm mm and like at the minute he ' s at like he said to me the other day he ' s at the biggest that he ' s
157. he ' s not very cos he didn ' t he used to go to like zumba and or whatever it was called mm he used to go to that and he lost quite a lot of weight and then he just put it all back on again and he ' s like he ' s quite upset about it yeah mm so that didn ' t really help cos like everyone wants to look good in
160. was girl he ' d be a size twelve fourteen right with muscle mm the picture he sent me he ' s definitely a size eight ten no muscles so either he ' s got like undergone some dramatic weight loss which if you ' re if you ' re gonna then i don ' t understand how that would happen no yeah and he ' s and then he he ' s got these kind of you know those
163. s right they were they were packed no you were very slim weren ' t you? oh yes i was very lightweight i remember yeah yes yes that ' s right so you didn ' t put on weight with that no no yeah i suppose they kept you fit though didn ' t they with all running around and things? yes i was horrified when when we first joined up we used to have to i used
164. ? er and reception and evening everything i ' ve been yeah invited that ' s that you know erm so oh another present so and suits as well and a suit yeah i need to lose some weight i forgot i need to lose some weight how you gonna do that? dunno dunno cut all the biscuits out cut all the crisps out i ' ve cut all the biscuits out won ' t
165. ' ve been yeah invited that ' s that you know erm so oh another present so and suits as well and a suit yeah i need to lose some weight i forgot i need to lose some weight how you gonna do that? dunno dunno cut all the biscuits out cut all the crisps out i ' ve cut all the biscuits out won ' t have any biscuits any more i went to
167. ' t know whether she ' s gaunt or er aging or she has got a bit on the skeletal look yeah going on she has she ' s a bit skeletal well that that tells you how much weight i ' ve put on in my life that when i first went to uni yeah and we i used to get stopped all the time people used to say i looked like her fern cotton? so this
168. imagine how much thinner it must have been to have looked as thin as her face? well i dunno if it ' s you but she just i think she ' s lost a tremendous amount of weight yeah she has she just looks really unhealthy fern ' s baby food right if you wanna have a baby we don ' t wanna have babies so avoid so avoid spinach oh dear get it
170. to have like ds really? mm wow yeah all my family have like massive boobs what? what happened? like really s i dunno i just kinda like i think i just sort of lost weight just like naturally lost a bit of weight and then you know it came off my boobs as well i suppose and now i can yeah goes off your boobs first yeah which is kind of annoying but
171. yeah all my family have like massive boobs what? what happened? like really s i dunno i just kinda like i think i just sort of lost weight just like naturally lost a bit of weight and then you know it came off my boobs as well i suppose and now i can yeah goes off your boobs first yeah which is kind of annoying but log out here we if this became a
172. i like didn ' t i hadn ' t like developed since since i was like fourteen or something and before that i had a really high metabolism i i could eat whatever i wanted and never put any weight on at all and it was so strange like i was yeah i was weirdly thin but it wasn ' t like a health issue it was just the way my body was at the time just the way
173. don ' t wanna have loads of chins like old people have chins isn ' t that? yeah some old peop that ' s what i worry about some old people can ' t put weight on though some p old people get really skinny yeah mm it ' s usually old men that get chubbier i think from my family ' s experience the women get really skinny i just yeah i just
175. and onion in right so that counts as zero more like five it ' s and it ' s nought but okay the apple and the apple that i eat counts as zero but if you were doing weight watchers that would count uh yes no doesn ' t it count? i can ' t remember if it ' s weight watchers or the other one where all you can eat as much fruit and ve
176. apple and the apple that i eat counts as zero but if you were doing weight watchers that would count uh yes no doesn ' t it count? i can ' t remember if it ' s weight watchers or the other one where all you can eat as much fruit and veg as you like but yeah r null points in real life it has got points but the yoghurt i eat in
178. are boobs hmm like really there ' s nothing you can do about them no hmm so it was quite it was quite a bit of a hmm that he thought i was sexy before i started losing weight hmm so that ' s nice yeah absolutely that ' s was like a definitely an ego boost yeah a confident boost an ego boost hmm after uh th the plummeting of the ego at the weekend hmm
179. started to train obviously he bulks up and then then he can eat whatever he likes but hmm mostly um he was quite careful with what he eats and he was saying like he lost a bit of weight on his tummy and it was just generally all over cos he ' s sort of cut back on the food and he really liked how he looked so he just kept not eating properly and just really
184. the weirdest shape i ' ve ever seen but she doesn ' t care oh that ' s good yeah you know and i do say to her though well perhaps you should care enough to lose some weight cos they also both weigh quite a lot more than me and again ' s height the only problem with that is the diseases that come later with it yeah yeah well see now ' s complaining she '
186. go and be checked out yeah but obviously she won ' t cos she says and there ' s nothing wrong you know and she ' ll say oh i know it ' s to do with my weight or it ' s to do with this to do with but she doesn ' t do anything about it you know she ' ll say oh i hate being size cos like when they went on holiday and
187. would say obese yeah erm and she went in for something i think it was just a just something quite regular and the doctor said hang on have you er had a erm you know a weight check recently or anything like that blood you know blood pressure whatnot? and she ' s like oh and then he said no no i want to see what you ' re all about and erm and
188. ' re going about it all the wrong way erm as in staying about for a little while longer right and erm and then he and then he just said listen you need to really lose some weight and she went on this cambridge diet where it ' s one that before you go and have the she ' s not going to have her stomach erm cl erm clamped whatever it ' s called no
189. stomach erm cl erm clamped whatever it ' s called no she ' s not actually gonna have it but it ' s the one that they give the people who do need to right furiously lose weight to lose yeah so she ' s lost it all lost lost lost lost haven ' t seen her in a couple of months erm and then what they do cos she goes once a month er once
190. and then what they do cos she goes once a month er once a week to get erm like i think more like counselling yeah he ' s actually there to sort of talk about the weight but it ' s a bit more like pep you up mm you know keep going keep going mm mm and she ' s doing really really well erm and then they ' re going to reform her eating
191. things so then they can allow her to keep er slowly put the calories back on but it ' s calories with exercise mm mm mm yeah yeah so that she can maintain some sort of decent weight for the rest of her life you know until you get a bit old and you can ' t do stuff but that sounds to me like okay quite radical you ' ve you ' ve got to lose it
192. she can control her calories and then she can eat normally yeah you know she has had to have all those protein drinks and whatnot because you do have to have that if you need to lose weight quickly there ' s just no way around it yeah yeah no otherwise you ' re not eating anything no but the things is is that she said the good thing is that i will then be able to have
195. t it? so romeo would have been he ' s old and limpy and hollow and he ' s about fifteen and there ' s nothing they can do much more for him he ' s losing weight if you pick him up he ' s a bag of bones so he ' s just a grandad really yeah well a so it ' s just still going around different shaped face hasn ' t he?
200. he came in and i seemed to rather like tall blonde blokes i ' d had a tall blonde german boyfriend and my friend said to me he looks your type you could probably make him lose weight never managed that so that ' s where we met and then when his father died he got a job down here he wanted to come down here workworked for a place where he ' d worked as
201. she was telling us oh really? and she said oh trouble is i ' m eating crisps mm and i said well i ' ve given up chocolate i said i ' ve no lot lost no weight because i ' m eating crisps instead of too many biscuits i can give you a bag of hula hoops if you ' d like no would you like? cos it ' ll be crunch
204. off bread and all that kind of stuff oh does he not eat it at all? no has it changed has he got thinner now he ' s changed his diet? no he ' s put on weight actually oh has he? mm see the trouble with is though is she doesn ' t watch what she eats no she doesn ' t care about what she eats no she should ha i mean she ' s
205. and we had some a cup of tea and then a glass of wine she ' s got a bit hadn ' t she? and we chatted for yeah she ' s put on a bit of weight oh has she? but ' s never been too small but she ' s no she ' s never been petite has she? petite no her frame i th thought she was quite fit thin the first time
206. ve seen her she ' s on the implant this year actually she says she ' s going to get it removed though cos she ' s not getting along with it and that might have boosted her weight quite a bit have you done anything about yours yet? no i was gonna up keep nagging i mean it ' s not doing me any harm i ' ve looked into that that far i mean some
207. that and er you know he ' d er h stodgy stuff yeah er he ' ll eat most stuff and he ' s on er he ' s on a bit of a trying to lose weight at the minute right erm well no he ' s been trying to lose weight on and off for most of his life i suppose for the last ten years or so but erm he ' s actually
208. he ' ll eat most stuff and he ' s on er he ' s on a bit of a trying to lose weight at the minute right erm well no he ' s been trying to lose weight on and off for most of his life i suppose for the last ten years or so but erm he ' s actually trying to eat more salads and er and he ' s lost a stone he
210. that ' s big and i know he ' s a big heavyset he is a big built man isn ' t he? yeah exactly so look at the actual you should be this weight or that weight tha if he was what they say he should be he would be far too thin yeah yeah and actually yeah he was he ' s definitely overweight so he ' s and it tells in the belly doesn
212. the way you ' re having to eat at the moment i mean he ' s active isn ' t he? yeah oh yeah i said at least as long as you don ' t get putting the weight back on stay as you are and then when you ' re back at home again and more of a routine we ' ll go back to the salads and the s the veggies and and that
215. ve got my figure back yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah well i was just meaning your face though cos er for me i don ' t look at body shapes and sizes yeah oh you ' ve lost weight or but your face you look er in a good place you that ' s good then yeah you s yeah i feel it your skin looks good and you ' re just i feel i think cos of
216. no it ' s fine i are you alright? yeah i ' ll just you stay nice and slim as well don ' t you? yep and people keep saying i look like i ' ve lost weight recently but i haven ' t actually i ' ve put weight on well i think you look really good yeah no i ' m yeah i ' m doing alright i ' ve got a bit of er but
217. ' ll just you stay nice and slim as well don ' t you? yep and people keep saying i look like i ' ve lost weight recently but i haven ' t actually i ' ve put weight on well i think you look really good yeah no i ' m yeah i ' m doing alright i ' ve got a bit of er but middle age i bet that ' ll go middle age spread after
223. s bad man sugar is so bad for you yeah not too to be you ' re looking good though man oh cheers man you ' re looking trim i think i ' ve put on a bit of weight actually getting this and the bit of erm pregnant what ' s that called when you have like simulated pregnancies you know what i mean? mm like er like empathy was but yeah yeah your girl
225. call him? fat me fat me no no we don ' t first week of er uni he got so ripped or like first first like three months he worked out so much he lost so much weight it was crazy and then what happened? his gym pass expired he ' s not as bad as he was before he was eating noodles every day at our house and was like shit food cheese always cheese on
228. reaction of people is er mm when did you last see him? this morning how does he look? a bit pale a bit pale? mm yeah and i think he ' s lost a bit of weight mm erm but he seems to have stood up to it better than yeah quite a lot people i know who ' ve had chemo right and i know my niece was knocked around all over the place
232. i didn ' t do it properly it was still quite good but you still end up like sweating loads mm the only thing with em things like and in particular my hot yoga is that i worry about weight loss like i say to you and em subsequently like i since my yoga classes i ' ve been drinking like a litre and a half to two litres of water every day which is good considering i don '
233. brand new suit no i need to go on a diet no i don ' t need to go on a diet i think you do i ' m not eating that much so why i ' m putting weight on i just don ' t know i ' m not as active i suppose cos i ' m not walking about as much as i used to walk about well your let go of ah i ' m
235. don ' t know i ' ve not weighed myself no you didn ' t want to do that do you? you don ' t want to do that no nah i know when i ' ve lost weight i ' ve got trousers i can get into and what i can ' t when you used to go to the quacks just for a check - up they used to weigh you take your blood pressure
238. ' s the one that should make the decision but anyhow so that ' s a bit of a weird one it ' s weird yeah and anyway they ' re both fine they ' ve been losing weight and they ' ve been going to the gym did they did they erm come and stay? they came for it was everybody but oh no not again she keeps doing it to herself though she can '
239. if you buy them and keep them think oh i ' ll have them when i get into them that could be six months before you get down actually just that er cos although you ' ll lose weight and tone up more the little bit where you need where you need the weight maybe on your stomach or on your hips yeah i know i just annoying cos like i say erm i ' m in
240. i get into them that could be six months before you get down actually just that er cos although you ' ll lose weight and tone up more the little bit where you need where you need the weight maybe on your stomach or on your hips yeah i know i just annoying cos like i say erm i ' m in between two sizes mm so my ones i ' ve got at the minute are
241. i need to get some new leggings as well cos my leggings are too big they ' re falling down see? oh yeah well you ' ve so you ' ve definitely lost weight so you should treat yourself to some new clothes but the trouble is though you you look at the different sizes and you can get a ten a twelve or a fourteen and fit in all of them in different
242. about it i ' m prepping for christmas now that ' s what it is erm what do you mean? bit like er have you seen er have you? have you? supposed to lose weight for christmas aren ' t you? no no you gain it that ' s just as soon as soon as december the first as soon as december the first starts pile it then pile it all on aat
243. if you went every week but you can book when you want mhm so if you ' re worried like maybe i ' m not making enough breast milk and i think he ' s not put on weight mhm so you can just go they ' ll check and make they ch chart the growth mhm and he ' ll on the larger side aw is his dad quite? mm he ' s quite chunk
244. a smaller man cos i ' d say usually like the baby is doesn ' t usually get um even if you ' re a smaller person then usually the baby won ' t grow above a certain weight cos it ' s you know it ' s mhm too to be able to to come out but he wouldn ' t have been able to er the surgeon was saying who did the caesarean said
245. and stuff like that and it ' s like oh okay and then she told me about like her mum and that and basically when split up with her ex - girlfriend she ' d lost a lot of weight from stress and i mean she was you could see her bones she was she looked ill erm but her mum thought she looks good like that and every time like she sees she ' s like oh you
246. you could see her bones she was she looked ill erm but her mum thought she looks good like that and every time like she sees she ' s like oh you ' ve put a bit of weight on haven ' t you? oh like it ' s just stuff like that that is awful and says and she ' ll say to her stuff like you sure you want to eat that? and like stuff
248. we have a laugh yeah and just knowing that they ' re there for you for support as well my mum would never dare say something like that to me well your mum has her own problems with her weight doesn ' t she? mm yeah she does so i always make a conscious to say to her when i see her like have you lost weight? like i obvious i genuinely believe that she looks like she
249. to me well your mum has her own problems with her weight doesn ' t she? mm yeah she does so i always make a conscious to say to her when i see her like have you lost weight? like i obvious i genuinely believe that she looks like she ' s lost weight i don ' t just say it but i always make a point of like saying to her oh you look really nice today
250. ? mm yeah she does so i always make a conscious to say to her when i see her like have you lost weight? like i obvious i genuinely believe that she looks like she ' s lost weight i don ' t just say it but i always make a point of like saying to her oh you look really nice today yeah like when i saw her for the first time down at the hospital i could
251. ' s not fat i remember once when we started doing wii fit together at first it was fun we were both doing it like just to get in shape like we weren ' t doing it to lose weight and when they did the testing so it tells you our bmi it said that she was like practically clinically over like obese and i ' m just like that ' s so wrong that ' s
253. it ' s and when i know people are like that i always make a conscious effort to tell them like you look really nice today like yeah or when i first see them have you have you lost weight? like has lost so much weight since last time i saw her when i got back from america mm it were the first thing i noticed but like she ' s the sa she ' s the same she
254. people are like that i always make a conscious effort to tell them like you look really nice today like yeah or when i first see them have you have you lost weight? like has lost so much weight since last time i saw her when i got back from america mm it were the first thing i noticed but like she ' s the sa she ' s the same she ' s short so she she doesn
257. it ' s not it ' s it ' s really not it is it ' s really not what we ' d give for that eh? you ' re too thin you ' ve gotta put some weight on yeah let ' s com let ' s compare when we get in the pool yeah you haven ' t got a bra on have you? no but do you know what? all holiday yeah i '
258. and a half eleven? twelve? thirteen? thirteen stone? yep how much do you weigh? bang on thirteen well er not not that but not that but i am yeah but you have not whale weight you have just had a baby i am heavy that ' s yeah i am heavy three months ago yeah but still you ' ve had a baby for god ' s sake you can ' t you ' re
264. can help reasonably well i can he how many do we need? ten ten i can help well you can help well it ' ll be all my cards i can help a good deal more than my weight maybe yeah more than my weight well i ' ll help reasonably then okay go on then put it in but don ' t look you can ' t help at all? no don ' t wanna sabotage?
265. he how many do we need? ten ten i can help well you can help well it ' ll be all my cards i can help a good deal more than my weight maybe yeah more than my weight well i ' ll help reasonably then okay go on then put it in but don ' t look you can ' t help at all? no don ' t wanna sabotage? just have a quick shuffle what
276. resolutions like for example from most easy for you to most difficult for you mm compare with your partner see if you ' re sort of similar people yeah do you have any advice? if your partner finds weight loss really easy whereas you find reading books really easy can you say? excellent and what advice do you have for that person? that ' s good it was just like any way to get them to talk
277. ##s she ' s happy i ' m not eating chocolate oh no how ' s that going? cos they ' re too sweet really well oh great haven ' t even thought about it how much weight have you lost? oh i don ' t think any oh i think you have i need to get on the scales want my boobs to go so i think you have i really have had enough i
278. you no no you just don ' t know what might go wrong you just don ' t know do you but oh i don ' t like them well you i think you have lost a bit of weight so it ' s doing do you think? yeah i do actually i thought that in the kitchen but we were talking oh good so i didn ' t it ' s noticeable? get a chance yeah i
279. pudding but like everybody was saying our meals were like mine and ' s were normal sized normal sized yeah and it was like way i tell you what i think for such a he never puts on any weight and he eats he ' s always been the same he absolutely can eat masses i dunno where he puts it but his whole family ' s like that his mum and dad and his sister and his brother
280. the wrong mm we were the wrong way round wrong way round yeah i ' m sort of mmore stocky and ' s thin mm and he can eat for england and doesn ' t put any weight on it ' s s i look and it ' s so annoying and i put weight on before i ' ve even eaten whereas you see i think might be like that i know she ' s been through
281. of mmore stocky and ' s thin mm and he can eat for england and doesn ' t put any weight on it ' s s i look and it ' s so annoying and i put weight on before i ' ve even eaten whereas you see i think might be like that i know she ' s been through her phases where she hasn ' t eaten anything but she ' s also been through phases
282. been through her phases where she hasn ' t eaten anything but she ' s also been through phases where she ' s eaten and eaten and eaten and eaten and she doesn ' t seem to be put weight on she doesn ' t no there ' s nothing to her either so ' s slim though isn ' t she as well? well er ' s gone up and down massively she ' s quite big
283. ' s a right to be isn ' t she? yeah but she was very very very slim for the wedding but she did say she was very beautiful she was starving the whole time she was losing weight and mm she put on about a stone afaf you know in the honeymoon mm cos she was enjoying eating again she has to work at it more whereas i don ' t she doesn ' t seem
284. i didn ' t get better at the end of what they thought the mumps spell should be my face was getting fatter and i was in a lot of pain and i seemed to be losing weight and it obviously wasn ' t mumps and i think it was my cervical glands had become terribly swollen erm i had a little bed down in the sitting room and i remember on one occasion erm
287. oh you ' re doing well but erm i didn ' t do so well probably probably a bottle each time though oh and er i only stopped off it cos erm i wanted to lose weight that ' s the only reason i was doing again yeah so i ' ve only had my two packets today actually gosh but i ' m not hungry cos i i ' ve i was out last
288. the weighting though it ' s the weighing ' s the thing though mm you know when somebody ' s going away it ' s the motivation well even if well not for all the ones that put weight on tonight you see if it if it ' s just it was a hilarious the weighing that you ' re going for you could do that within a group of friends well our mate at work has ju started
289. in on that night when they ' ve got it gets that s they so that ' s the incentive they don ' t all go out for chips they draw out of all the the people who lose weight their names go into a hat and the slimmer of the week ' s pulled out there was only one ticket in the bag today and she ' d only lost half a pound which is really just a
290. weren ' t yous in the bag? it ' s not even that cos we ' re newbies we haven ' t lost any you only put your name in if you ' ve lost weight ah right we ' re in next go go hard core and dehydrate yourself for twenty - four hours before the weight - in yes have a massive shit before you go in one woman said over
291. t lost any you only put your name in if you ' ve lost weight ah right we ' re in next go go hard core and dehydrate yourself for twenty - four hours before the weight - in yes have a massive shit before you go in one woman said over the two weeks of easter she put ten pounds on she said i ' m fairly sure i lost it last week and the woman
293. yeah so is that what we do when hit our goal weight are we gonna go and get a tat? slimming world forever that isn ' t gonna that isn ' t gonna spread tattoo your weight on you couldn ' t you? or it could be like one of those i lost i lost twenty - three pounds pie charts where you t do it all into that ' d be quite good i lost
294. jonestown you know? the message you must listen to the message don ' t drink the kool - aid you don ' t know the half of it the half of apparently every time someone lose weight they clap and shout hallelujah i am not so normally she ' ll go round and say did you lose did you gain or she ' ll tell you whether you did oh it ' ll be on
295. actually do so she ' ll go loser it ' s like a barbaric santa claus it is a bit i do we but don ' t they clap and do hallelujah when people lose weight? well next week it ' ll be it ' s your first week and how much did you lose and i ' ll they ' ll go nothing no fifteen and a half pounds and we ' ll all
296. funny that was so funny and i clapped for her me i just looked across i ' d forgotten how naughty you were yeah she did are you gonna be honest with her? i ' ve lost more weight in the easter weekend than i did it on a two - week all - inclusive holiday put more on put more on yes put more on are you gonna be honest when she ' s not funny any more
297. be honest when she ' s not funny any more when she ' s skinny? shall we order some food before my stomach digests itself? it ' s quarter past nine and tell her to put weight back on yes we need to eat i ' m weak yes i ' m starving yeah can we eat? yeah can we get the order in do know what you want? yeah can i have the super
298. fitness thing is a bit of a worry cos she ' s she ' s not big but she just carries a few extra pounds mm probably a size fourteen but she ' s been trying to lose weight for ages and she can run mm and when she went for the entry exam the guy said right at this point you know those of you have passed need to do this and this to get ready for your
299. and a half in sixteen minutes well she ' s running it in fifteen and a half oh that ' s very good and you should be swimming once a week and you should be you should be doing weight training she said i ' ve already been doing that for three months because she knew that is what they would require okay and he said okay so how fast are you running it? and he she said fifteen
302. yeah i can ' t put on tight stomach any muscle is the problem you can ' t put any on? said he was the same he like tried to go through stages of trying to put on weight and muscle same as me but then eat a lot work out a lot stay the same just got a high metabolism just yeah you especially i ' m not so sure of i don ' t think got a
303. s bound to look a little bit older so yeah yeah i mean has swollen up like an apricot i don ' t what ' s going on there i know mind you has piled on the weight hasn ' t she? when we went over yesterday and it was lovely afternoon but i i felt quite upset because she sat in the chair and her neck and her face kind of blended? yeah she '
304. of blended? yeah she ' s really really ballooned up she looked bigger on facebook she ' s always kind of been up and down hasn ' t she? she has she lost a lot of weight i remember she got a lot bigger and then she was really thin and then yeah yeah what about? this is the heaviest kind of stays the same doesn ' t she really? yeah she ' s got
306. yeah but she did lose quite a bit and she started running would you believe? which is like i couldn ' t believe that yeah so what ' s what ' s caused to put on so much weight? sound surprised i think what it is is has got a really high metabolism and he loves to eat yeah that ' s something that you have to watch out for with your partner and she just eats because
307. he loves to eat yeah that ' s something that you have to watch out for with your partner and she just eats because he eats and they eat the same stuff and he doesn ' t put any weight on and she does and she does yeah with i have to she she makes a lot of cakes and things as well don ' t she? and oh probably the wrong thing bakers are always fat and
308. amsterdam it ' s legal there i know with erm with dinners and i have dinners always has to have i always make sure my portions are smaller than ' s otherwise er i would put on more weight i think yeah has to have a smaller portion we have the third rule yeah i get a third of everything has whenever we order food out because i ' m a third bigger he can have a third more
309. often but and the other mm they do powerwalking so i go powerwalking with them so if he ' s got his pedometer you know oh christ he ' s trying to lost weight how ' s? er well works in our office at the moment oh okay oh cos he ' s on holiday? no cos he hasn ' t got any other job so i thought he was
310. it while they ' re little i said yeah well that ' s true actually yes mm girls have far more variety of clothes yeah they do oh my dress was tight though i ' ve gotta lose some weight was it? i had to come home and put my dressing gown on oh did it look really tight? did it look bad? no no it was are you sure? yeah no cos i was
311. ? it ' s fucking fucking yeah guy ' s scariest well they pain is now once the gain ' s been made he looks like the guy that was masked with the bent penis what were his weight loss method? heroin ah was it heroin? ammonia or silicon embolism what? i ' m surprised that ' s all he fucking had though to be completely honest he ' s probably dead now i
313. with a reporter on board and then ditched the reporter to save weight right nice they told the reporter to chop off an appendage of his choice and throw it out of the window to save weight yeah told the report to take his clothes off erm oh dear but yeah that was er no that ' s cool but it was interesting that he apparently just had like didn ' t have any he didn
316. ##s i just thought oh okay okay oh bloody hell on top of everything else like this oh must be my age right and i know i joked to you and said i ' ve put on loads of weight when i ' ve been off and you said no you haven ' t you ' ve been eating lots of lunches or whatever it is and these tablets have put on weight but my tummy has been
317. ve put on loads of weight when i ' ve been off and you said no you haven ' t you ' ve been eating lots of lunches or whatever it is and these tablets have put on weight but my tummy has been really ha really has been bloated and then obviously this and it hasn ' t caused me any distress other than oh for goodness sake yeah for weeks and weeks you don
321. a diet because you ' re already vegetarian but i was like slimming world all you eat is vegetables anyway mm nice i ' ve decided when i go back i ' ll probably just lose loads of weight again so fine do you know when and are moving into their flat? said that the people move out on like the seventeenth or eighteenth of october so they ' re probably gonna move in after then and they
322. berry that ' s a hazelnut berry oh that reminds me i need to download cluck goes the chicken the chicken that ' s to get on my daily youttbe fix hasn ' t lost weight oh everybody ' s lost weight except for me and that ' s not fair because i ' m better it ' s cos loads of people are on slimming world eggs are good for you you should
323. ##nut berry oh that reminds me i need to download cluck goes the chicken the chicken that ' s to get on my daily youttbe fix hasn ' t lost weight oh everybody ' s lost weight except for me and that ' s not fair because i ' m better it ' s cos loads of people are on slimming world eggs are good for you you should just eat eggs watermelon
332. well i do it to him as well it ' s just cos we ' ve both like i mean we ' re both thin that ' s why we do it but we we both put on weight we used to be like skinny people that ate masses of food and then we hit a certain age and erm and then you ' re and then it wasn ' t happening any more so you what '
333. s woefully bad and what does she look like then? like melissa does she still look like like melissa joan hart oh unsurprisingly she ' s put on a bit of weight but i think she was quite skinny when she was young wasn ' t she? so yeah well she wasn ' t very old when she did like it ' s kind of like clarissa and stuff one of
334. that and em i said but obviously i ' ve got to send my paperwork back when i have my eye test on wednesday and the doctor ' s clearly going to tell me off for sending in my weight as it is now mm and i was like they can ' t you know you say you can ' t join the navy like because you ' re fat you know you come sorry you can ' t come
336. she said she was going to the gym she ' s getting really self conscious about this big belly she ' s gone her ever since she ' s started eating my food she hasn ' t put on weight has she? i haven ' t noticed yeah yeah really? yeah she has haven ' t noticed yeah well she ' s doing the right thing if she has yeah i need to sort mysel i haven
342. when i met him at the private view at the ra he he was really really thin oh oh was he? i don ' t didn ' t notice him yes he ' d lost a lot of weight well you know can you imagine five hundred calories a day? yeah yeah yeah yeah i mean that ' s no wonder he ' s in a bad mood yeah no wonder he ' s in a bad
343. ' t get any stronger and even though i know the technique i still won ' t build i won ' t be getting physically stronger i think i ' ve stray the the ststayed the same weight for like a good few months like i bulked not bulked up i got stronger yeah yeah noticeably stronger but the moment you stop training or you miss a few sessions your weight drops dramatically and it just
344. ##tayed the same weight for like a good few months like i bulked not bulked up i got stronger yeah yeah noticeably stronger but the moment you stop training or you miss a few sessions your weight drops dramatically and it just it just isn ' t unless you really dedicate so much time to it you can ' t get any stronger yeah because i i felt thought with your running you ' ve definitely
345. t unless you really dedicate so much time to it you can ' t get any stronger yeah because i i felt thought with your running you ' ve definitely lost like you ' ve lost loads of weight i haven ' t lost any weight i ' ve actually gained it er i it doesn ' t i i thought i cos i that much cardio but i erm no you definitely have oh thank
346. much time to it you can ' t get any stronger yeah because i i felt thought with your running you ' ve definitely lost like you ' ve lost loads of weight i haven ' t lost any weight i ' ve actually gained it er i it doesn ' t i i thought i cos i that much cardio but i erm no you definitely have oh thank you i think i just like toned
347. money out of nothing is a joke i w no i am really impressed oh yeah definitely but like i think i ' d like to lose a bit more i ' d like to lose a bit of weight but i always find that when you do like more exercise you eat more because you get more hungry don ' t you? so but no i was really like i was really nervous about this half marathon and
348. don ' t have enough money to treat myself yeah so that erm that ' s you can treat yourself nicely with that amount yeah but it ' s really annoying when people are just like ah losing weight the first thing to do is cut out alcohol and going out i was like but i don ' t drink much alcohol i drink like one glass of wine a week not even that mm yeah yeah like i
349. so then you ' ve got like everything oh yeah i sometimes go for them if i ' m on holiday cos i hardly ever eat cereal oh so that if i stopped eating cereal i would lose weight really? a lot quicker what do you just like have a box and you just go through it? i like so basically i just once once i start i just can ' t stop it ' s just
350. she ' s either really big or she ' s tiny she ' s got flabby skin she either has a really big or she gets flabby skin where cos she ' s lost weight she obviously decides when she wan oh sorry when she wants to go on a erm on a diet workout and when she doesn ' t mm ' s starting eating in this really weird way she gets the
353. ? oh i have been having little bits of cheese i ' ve i ' ve been i ' ve been having little toasty sandwiches for lunch just to great i wondered why you hadn ' t lost weight i have yeah i think you have yeah yes you have yeah yes yes yes yeah the lady keeps putting me on the scales periodically yeah she won ' t let me see what she is on the scales but
355. how it ' s manifested really okay um and that ' s why power lifting is sli is a bit of a misnomer because it ' s yeah not about how fast you can lift the weight it ' s about strength it should really be called strength lifting yeah yeah i know what you mean ah um interesting mm but yeah sprinters do a lot of weight training cos it ' s good for
356. about how fast you can lift the weight it ' s about strength it should really be called strength lifting yeah yeah i know what you mean ah um interesting mm but yeah sprinters do a lot of weight training cos it ' s good for sprinting mm a lot of power - related sprinter training as well like fast explosive mhm sort of er squats and things yeah um but yes um er if
357. we ke my brother and i calculated the second time she came so she ' d be sixteenish i suppose erm and my mother happened to have a book of calories cos she was at weight watchers at the time right so we knew we we calculated that she was having about seven hundred calories a day six to seven hundred calories a day and as i say she ' s slightly taller
358. yes yes good so we ' ve heard from ah right and he ' s enjoying it with gr ' s family and he leaves tomorrow to go to mexico oh right and said the twins have put on weight oh that ' s good which is good news so five pounds six three mm so they normally put on an ounce a day so i was thinking that ' s an awfully long time before they get to
360. and are just standing there with her good little dog who ' s just sitting by her feet because it can ' t go anywhere because it ' s a bit too fat yeah it ' s got a weight problem or something well it ' s got like a gland problem it doesn ' t eat anything but it just keeps getting fatter that ' s what they all say isn ' t it? no this one
362. it ' s just you ' re watching telly that ' s what i think i need to do something yeah i ' m getting really sluggish i ' m surprised you haven ' t put weight on or anything oh i have i ' ve put on about six pounds have you? which is the other thing i ' ve noticed yeah and it ' s all here ah it ' s always there which
366. so he ' ll grow up to be a big tough boy er really? well you see look at his father and his sisters i don ' t think he ' s gonna have the required bulk and weight what about his brother? yeah what about his brother? no i suspect what about his brother? i n i nearly beat mm yeah she how old is she? erm seventeen seventeen but see at first
367. it ' s somewhere in she ' ll have to get a bike mm? she ' s got a bike really? she ' s tr she ' s she ' s she ' s determined to lose weight but i think by the time you get to our age it ' s more difficult to lose it what does she ' s wanting to lose weight for? i know she ' s not she ' s not
368. ' s she ' s she ' s determined to lose weight but i think by the time you get to our age it ' s more difficult to lose it what does she ' s wanting to lose weight for? i know she ' s not she ' s not big no she ' s not there ' s nothing on her i know what does she want to lose weight for? she kshe kshe
369. she ' s wanting to lose weight for? i know she ' s not she ' s not big no she ' s not there ' s nothing on her i know what does she want to lose weight for? she kshe kshe keeps going she says look and she grabs hold of a bit here oh mm do you say look at my bit here? well mine i haven ' t got a bit
371. face sort of mm yeah oh dear that ' s a shame i mean he lovely bloke mm lovely bloke and i i don ' t think he should ' ve w lost all that weight did we tell you about that? cos erm he did mention er they were cutting down carbohydrates that ' s right yeah well yes she they didn ' t say she told me
373. it ' s in harvest it ' s in like september october ah we need to plump up a bit for the winter so apparently when you have sugary fruits and sugary foods your body puts on weight to store it for the winter but now we ' re eating these things at all times of the year and they they ' re very acidic and they ' re causing a lot of kind of problems for people
376. have you bought them then? because i ' m gonna get into them oh i never do that that ' s the incentive oh i would never do that cheap well i know i ' m gonna lose weight anyway so eh? i take it they were cheap? they weren ' t that expensive i think the jacket was only about well what colour? twenty - five it ' s nice it ' s like a
378. with the wallis section and you came with me didn ' t you? yeah cos they have so many more things there than they do i could go on thursday well we haven ' t lost any weight yet if wants to come oh i ' m not looking for an outfit i ' ve got one i don ' t really need one either but i just wanna have a look i might leave it a couple
379. s been lucky so she ' s pretty kind of like levelled out? yeah so she ' s pretty worried now she ' s just had it removed it ' s all gonna you know put on weight get moody do all that kind of stuff so she ' s had it taken out now? yeah yeah it was taken out last week so when does she get another one put in then? she ' s
382. and she said no i ' m not i ' ve done mine they should do their own yeah and i ' ve even done the laundry and that ' s not my job so she really pulls her weight yeah you know oh that ' s good but they take advantage yeah cos they know that won ' t yeah well why should they get away with it? they they shouldn ' t should they? well
383. to calm down on the front when she moves to back to america with yeah yeah absolutely yeah she really is hopefully she ' ll just get like really active and proactive and stuff lose a bunch of weight cos yeah i can ' t im i can ' t picture them in she ' s carrying around about twenty gallons of wine in america yeah i know in that belly and that arse pretty sure she
389. s trying very hard well i ' m fourteen stone till someone tempts him he must be fifteen yeah sixteen he is trying hard i think that ' s quite that ' s quite a bit of weight i ' m eleven you ' re eleven? i need to lose a couple yeah twelve ' d be alright mm well you ' re tall but the trouble is now my job i ' m either sat at
396. you ' ve got something like mentally wrong with you mm whereas if you ' re kind of like i dunno if you ' re just like helping yourself like if you ' re like at a healthy weight and you ' re like stuff it ' s just like do you know what i mean? mm yeah mm it ' s yeah it is it is difficult because to be honest like some days are better than
397. you ' ll die eventually wouldn ' t you if you didn ' t eat mm you you ' d starve and after about seven days you start getting ill well you ' ve got to stop losing weight at some point that ' s right yeah but to do it rapidly by not eating is harming your body mm yeah you know what you ' ve gotta do is so you ' ve gotta carrying on eating
398. i don ' t think that ' s the best way to burn off calories though food is fuel er it turns it into muscle mm and muscle er weighs more than fat mm so but to lose weight and lose body size you ' ve gotta come down into you know it it ' s all relative innit mm you know you you ' ve got to be fit well it ' s the balance isn '
399. down into you know it it ' s all relative innit mm you know you you ' ve got to be fit well it ' s the balance isn ' t it fit the size you want the weight you wanna be but healthy mm but it ' s the western world problem innit look at america mm the obesity problems in america mm cos they ' re stuffing crap in their faces all day long well
400. look at that does my bum look big in this? well kim kardashian has a massive butt mum that ' s her thing yes but she ' s she ' s put on so much weight with her baby look at her look at the fat falling out of those sleeves with three months to go ba until baby number two ' s arrival kim kardashian ' s already packed on a hundred
401. and not two thousand so i thought right i ' ll see if i can eat one and i ' ll just cut it down a little bit so i can like yeah just lose a little bit for weight like one thousand two hundred calories cos i was thinking that ' s nearly three hundred calories less yeah than normal that shouldn ' t effect me too bad started to feel really ill and really lie
402. ##m oh isn ' t she? is she quite big? and er yeah oh is she? yes that does cut one ' s mobility down i tell you since i ' ve lost a stone in weight mm i can bend over from the i can i ' ll show you i can bend over from here right down oh well done and i can ' t well i mean i can do it i can do
403. so erm i was well i was nine i was nine stone four basically before nine stone four and it fluctuated yeah yeah yeah yeah so i ' ve not actually lost yeah nearly a stone in weight yeah but erm yeah i mean i ' m not eating any sugar yeah i ' m not eating erm any yeast erm all these things erm upset me you see yeah yeah yeah yeah so
405. ##s it just is so annoying but yeah me too i think i ' m still detoxing you know it ' s nearly three weeks without alcohol now yes three weeks without alcohol erm losing water weight yep er from christmas and sugar weight and bloat uhu erm and erm these things happen takes what twenty - one days to break a habit or twenty - eight days i can ' t
408. you ' ll carry it on what? with? yeah yeah i ' ll have one with yeah cos you actually have to do it mum er you just have to go i know back into losing weight and doing it what i have decided to do mm? is every morning mm? i will go to the gym at ten thirty mm? and that ' s giving all the nutters and the tattoo artists
409. if you cover up hang on if you cover up the green there you are look i think that looks quite stylish what ' s wrong with that? have you ' ve lost a bit of weight there haven ' t you dad? i have lost well i think i ' ve reapportioned it more than lost it cos your thighs are looking a bit skinny muscular that ' s what it
410. seen her she goes regularly i see him when did he have his heart attack? some mornings quite a long time ago isn ' t it? er yeah he does seem to have lost a lot of weight he might ' ve done they ' ve got the van there again tonight haven ' t they? the van ' s up there is it tonight or last night the van was there? there was a tile
415. t and that ' s you can eat with grandad at lunchtime can ' t he ' s not yeah but he ' s father ' s not eating he is he has lost a lot of weight he looks old he looks fine i think he looks okay but i don ' t think he should lose any more and he doesn ' t want no and that ' s right and i ' ve i mean
416. ##lesterol yeah? and i ' m gonna er that ' s what the statins were for that ' s it yeah mm cholesterol and they said something like oh you know this is your weight this is your height this is this this is your blood pressure this is oh you ' ve got you know something like high cholesterol fifty - six percent chance of dying o er having a heart attack
417. and have you done the tests and have you well i haven ' t actually signed up for the tests yet you know because my brother and i haven ' t really discussed it erm and your birth weight the thing about it is is that i think the first important thing is to try to ascertain whether that was what mum would ' ve wanted or not wanted i see yes and i know that she
418. really? well me and went to malta for a week oh and we were just like right we ' re not gonna worry about food or anything cos we ' re both prone to like putting on weight and stuff we just thought well we ' ll just eat what we want and i like put on like half a stone in a week i was devastated ah it ' s holiday though yeah another benefit like now
419. saw her on friday i ' m still aching today but yeah she probably works me harder i think and does she? she work and she she weighs me every week and if i ' ve put on weight she ' s like right this isn ' t good enough i want you to write down all your food this week can you tell me what you ' ve eaten and stuff? oh she ' s good at
421. a game of badminton this is true this is true that might be nice okay and then then either then on monday there ' s no particular reason she can ' t come and join in on a free weight session erm sh i don ' t know if she ' ll fancy that but if she doesn ' t she can do something else like she might prefer to just do some cross training or something and we
422. has a bit that you don ' t like you can swap it i do it ' s you oh fair enough mm but yeah no it ' s a ridiculous gym erm have you got a free weight section? yeah you no it ' s it ' s really good actually you see that ' s what i said about our at that stupid meeting when we should be at work er can you just keep shifting
423. bod yeah she did yeah she was tiny but had like kind of normal sized boobs mm didn ' t have a boob job though no one of those annoying people that just stays the same weight hate those people mm er there ' s this boy at work called and he ' s twenty - two and he ' s skinny as anything and he ' s trying to bulk up because he plays rugby he
426. dna which is nature technically so it ' s not just erm you know when you ' re born you ' re pre programmed and everything you have would you know no of course mm so things like weight seem to be associated with things you could the really interesting thing for what i ' m gonna do in the future is to do with ageing so it seems that these markers are particularly relevant for ageing
427. good paper because it ' s the one it ' s one of the first so before the it was before age well ageing was a bit similar time but basic it ' s very hard to show weight and and this markers associations but the smoking one is just obvious it ' s so easy yeah its been repeated like fifty times yeah so it ' s super believable but you know what what we don
428. em and then everyone just gets really fucked off yeah and thinks why the fuck did i start talking to you again? this is exactly why you ' re a knob yeah grace has put a lot of weight on hasn ' t she? i le unless i just forgot how big she was before but her legs looked really big did they? mm like her thighs maybe those really unattractive trousers i was going
431. he ' ll be able to help cos like i really want to like not in like a weird bodybuilder muscly way but i really wanna do like proper like strength training and weight training weights yeah and weight training and obviously he knows all about stuff so yeah that ' s really good it should be quite cool cos like i know you can lose so much weight if you do like
432. to help cos like i really want to like not in like a weird bodybuilder muscly way but i really wanna do like proper like strength training and weight training weights yeah and weight training and obviously he knows all about stuff so yeah that ' s really good it should be quite cool cos like i know you can lose so much weight if you do like weight training yeah because like
433. strength training and weight training weights yeah and weight training and obviously he knows all about stuff so yeah that ' s really good it should be quite cool cos like i know you can lose so much weight if you do like weight training yeah because like you just rather than simply like losing the fat you can burn it to like muscle so like yeah it tones you as you ' re kind of losing weight yeah
434. weights yeah and weight training and obviously he knows all about stuff so yeah that ' s really good it should be quite cool cos like i know you can lose so much weight if you do like weight training yeah because like you just rather than simply like losing the fat you can burn it to like muscle so like yeah it tones you as you ' re kind of losing weight yeah it ' s like it
435. weight if you do like weight training yeah because like you just rather than simply like losing the fat you can burn it to like muscle so like yeah it tones you as you ' re kind of losing weight yeah it ' s like it ' s a lot less i know it sounds like it ' s a lot less effort than like yeah doing all the cardio yeah just on the bloody rowing machine yeah or
436. at when we had the training league yeah erm but we were just like we were getting a bit bored with it so me and are doing classes now which we ' re doing body which is obviously weight training and yeah erm combat which is like a cardio kettlebells which is like conditioning and stuff yeah so we ' re doing a good mix really kettlebells looks really cool actually yeah are
438. it ' s gonna be helpful though and she knows my mistakes oh yeah oh yeah i ' ve learnt loads of vocab already this week like little bits and bobs i learnt socks i learnt weight and just even if it ' s socks is maozi no no? oh what is it? that ' s a hat oh it ' s a bit that ' s a hat a hat socks is something
446. i phoned up this woman i said hello i just i ' ve been working on this and i said i ' ve just come across this bit that says you can ' t use babies for a weight and she said yeah not a good idea and i said have you done any exercise yourself? i said have you got any history in exercise yourself? she went all quiet hahahas anybody thought about the
449. sugar in your diet you kind ' ve lose the ability to actually metabolise fat yeah like that you eat or that is part of your body mm yeah this is why people just pile on the weight there was a massive campaign a while ago for like fat is bad and it ' s very it ' s shit that it ' s synonymous with being fat like the word fat but let ' s not like
450. support yeah yeah yes so well i started drinking wine at eight in the morning so i decided i best stop i ' m okay yeah but it all er you know things like oh for health or for weight yeah people don ' t like that no not at all erm for money people don ' t like that i tried to use the money on friday and they were like but it ' s a party it
452. liked beans i wasn ' t sure what vegetables oh i quite like beans yeah you liked i had a feeling you don ' t like spinach yeah i had i can ' t put on too much weight no well you ate all the potatoes you did well with those yeah well they were very good yes now for pudding i ' ve made crumble yeah oh i like crumble but what would you like with
457. beginning to show quite a human side to himself so does sh? i wonder if she thinks s since he ' s din been doing this job all that time in the car maybe has he put on weight since he ' s been there then or? a little bit a little bit so i bet she ' s thinking all that time in the car nice he works really ha all that driving he does he he
459. they are all lovely girls yeah yeah and they ' re all blonde and they ' re all tall yeah yeah yeah and they ' re all slim and they ' re all beautiful er ' s lost some weight he ' s lost about a stone has he? mm he ' s lost about a stone that ' s just is that after his? through changing his eating habits mm after his erm after his heart
460. hysterectomy as well so she ' s having oh right is she? oh bless her yeah having problems with that so she ' s been a bit but she ' s lost loads of weight she ' s sort of she put a load on again i mean the drugs don ' t help her cos she has to take i was gonna say yeah she takes a lot of drugs doesn ' t
461. ? she takes so many yeah erm but then she gets as soon as she gets back on slimming world and she just started doing all that again and yeah she ' s lost a lot of weight again but cos that ' ll make a lot of difference to her back mm but if you ' re taking the drugs it ' s difficult yeah i think she struggles a bit to be honest yeah oh
464. there was a big thing about him wasn ' t there? mm they do say to people that you know especial really obese people they ' re saying if you don ' t lose the weight we ' ll not operate any more we won ' t operate mm it the risk is too great but my ex niece who had a a gastric band fitted it don ' t look as if it '
465. excess just cos they want to but then it changes chemicals in their brain like they ' re addicted or there ' s people that just have genetic disorder or something and just can ' t keep the weight down even if they don ' t eat much mm i think she eats a lot oh yeah but i didn ' t think she would be able to once she had the gastric band no the western world
466. ##indulgence mm mm mm yeah i mean it ' s ha ha i mean it ' s macdonald ' s oh yeah yep it ' s like me wasn ' t it? putting on all this weight because of going out for for meals we were going out for meals yeah the majority of it and we considered that we were at the good life we can afford it let ' s do it mm mm you
467. to go to africa on holiday yeah our friend in said to me one day we were playing a board game and he went oh you ' ve put on you ' ve put on quite a bit of weight you look really fat i was like what? and i did get offended but then i did realise afterwards that it was just his culture it was a compliment yeah he was paying me a compliment and he was
471. yeah okay they ' ve just decided that all that protein diet stuff is bullshit you know like i don ' t know i think that it isn ' t i mean it is if you want to lose weight if you just eat protein and no i can ' t believe and you don ' t eat any carbs you ' re gonna lose weight it ' s like the yeah yeah what was it meant to do
472. isn ' t i mean it is if you want to lose weight if you just eat protein and no i can ' t believe and you don ' t eat any carbs you ' re gonna lose weight it ' s like the yeah yeah what was it meant to do? it was meant to? so you could lose weight oh so town i think i think we ' re going i don ' t think
473. believe and you don ' t eat any carbs you ' re gonna lose weight it ' s like the yeah yeah what was it meant to do? it was meant to? so you could lose weight oh so town i think i think we ' re going i don ' t think we ' re as classy as now no no so we aren ' t get we ' ve got town no the the
475. ' s twenty - four mm she ' s a good worker she ' s very intelligent she ' s very very attractive but she doesn ' t believe this and she is constantly having counselling for her weight issues of which she doesn ' t have any oh god but you know it all stems back to stuff and erm she ' s been put into my team and she didn ' t want to come into
478. her look we ' ve left it until my next sort of large check up in february and i ' m going to go and erm er i ' m going to try this diet to get my weight down in the next erm sort of six weeks to get get get er some weight loss going on mm so erm see how it goes then and er yeah that ' s it erm and i
479. and i ' m going to go and erm er i ' m going to try this diet to get my weight down in the next erm sort of six weeks to get get get er some weight loss going on mm so erm see how it goes then and er yeah that ' s it erm and i told her about the pains in my shoulders er which she didn ' t offer any input
480. to by yourself i ' ll go home i ' ll go home and like like i don ' t know so i so i ' m i ' m like toned i don ' t wanna just lose weight i wanna like i wanna tone up and yeah it ' ll be fun i ' m looking forward to it good yeah get active again and then summer ' ll come and we ' ll be fit for summer
481. having it and then falling apart in the evening mm that ' s no good it ' s no good is it? no no we wish we were babies again and all we had to do was put weight on cos that was the easy bit yes yes yes yes that ' s the easy bit isn ' t it? nobody likes taking it off no it ' s boring we ' re going to get mummy
482. doesn ' t she? and your dad does oh my dad oh dear yeah he s doesn ' t stop eating does he when he starts? no no no no he ' s lost a lot of weight actually oh yes but only cos he does a lot more exercise yes but yeah a phenomenal amount but he ' s he ' s he ' s cut back on his food though hasn ' t he
483. but he ' s he ' s he ' s cut back on his food though hasn ' t he a bit? yes yes yeah cos he ' s he ' s lost quite a lot of weight that ' s right a lot he ' s the slimmest now since i was born i think it what is it? he he used to be quite slim when i was probably five or younger yeah
484. beer belly dad oh yeah he he well he ' s lost about a stone hasn ' t he? yeah he ' s lost an awful lot yeah yeah yeah i thought said he lost a lot of weight well that ' s good oh good of him yes yeah yeah is he eating the right foods? i don ' t know really he eats less of the foods does he eat? i suppose it ' s
485. name but that is good fun isn ' t it? yeah yeah i always wonder about people ' s stomachs with tattoos with that if they realise what ' s going to happen when they put on weight oh it ' s going to stretch and look silly the thought ' s never occurred to me but yes or conversely if they lost weight what would happen? yes so you can ' t really lose or gain
486. if they realise what ' s going to happen when they put on weight oh it ' s going to stretch and look silly the thought ' s never occurred to me but yes or conversely if they lost weight what would happen? yes so you can ' t really lose or gain weight again for the rest of your life sto you shouldn ' t put it on your stomach i think is the moral of the
487. it ' s going to stretch and look silly the thought ' s never occurred to me but yes or conversely if they lost weight what would happen? yes so you can ' t really lose or gain weight again for the rest of your life sto you shouldn ' t put it on your stomach i think is the moral of the story reason not have a tattoo yes put it somewhere which doesn ' t stretch
488. that yeah he um he ' s always uh he ' s always liked that hasn ' t he? so i think he he ' s prob he ' ll probably get he ' ll probably do weight training eventually do you think so? no he ' s never been that health conscious to be honest like think he could uh likes he ' d like to have you know some big muscles wouldn ' t he
489. then just buy two or three from matalan mm and that ' s it then uhu so i ' m gonna go back i might go to mamatalan oh dear we need to lose some weight don ' t we? yes oh oh it ' s so easier being you uhu mm so easy yes and eating what you ' re given sorry? eating what you ' re given and putting weight on
490. weight don ' t we? yes oh oh it ' s so easier being you uhu mm so easy yes and eating what you ' re given sorry? eating what you ' re given and putting weight on yes is what we want to happen well your dad could do with some stuff for his holiday as well but i you ' ve got to go and look because last time when i bought him stuff i
491. when i was walking about he said he did oh yeah he said he gave you a beep someone beeped and waved but i couldn ' t see so he thought you saw him have you lost weight? have i? i don ' t know you look thinner in the face could be my haircut yeah maybe you eating alright though? yeah yeah? i ' m not losing weight i don ' t
492. have you lost weight? have i? i don ' t know you look thinner in the face could be my haircut yeah maybe you eating alright though? yeah yeah? i ' m not losing weight i don ' t think good it ' s probably a bit of stress or something mm yeah and you take it off how ' s your course? how ' s it ' s all going? yeah good
493. you ' ve gotta watch it cos it ' s er about the teenage years that if you don ' t do any sport at all you c you could become unhealthy and put on weight and things and i do loads of sport no i ' m just no i ' m not saying you i ' m saying one like anyone oh right i ' m just saying in the teenage years if you
495. dropped off at erm home after the show oh yes yeah came the one night came the other night and er he ' s literally opened the door and a quick wave oh okay have they both lost weight? they might ' ve done cos it looked to me like they might ' ve done because obviously ' s been trying cos of hihis diabetes well they both it was a quick it was a
496. and i wouldn ' t ' ve noticed that ' s terrible oh so maybe not then but they were actually that ' s not true i did look at and think he had lost a little bit of weight i didn ' t notice with if i ' m honest right right but he quite possibly had because cos he ' s trying he ' s really trying with his diabetes and in actual fact he ' d
497. all day we ' ve got won ' t we? well we ' ve got that bit in the back do we need more than that? yeah i would say it is yeah i was thinking about weight yeah ddo you need it? it ' s like three point five litres of it just enough to top up if lost a considerable amount of oil uhu cross off fire extinguisher as well
498. ##ua and i think it was who she had a spare actually bought well she bought a dress it had to be altered it didn ' t fit when it was altered and said that in fact had lost weight which is the usual thing yeah but this dress wasn ' t big enough and oh dear and so she didn ' t want it so they had to pay a whacking sum for the altered dress how
500. er i agree with you about buying good stuff but oh well it ' s out of the question now mm and anyway i ' m changing shape all the time so i ' m how ' s your weight erm loss thing going? er well last time i weighed myself i had lost twenty kilos how much is that in stones? i have no idea sounds a lot there ' s two point two pounds
501. oh i ' ll never get into that but i got rid of a lot of mine the smaller ones so wait a minute er anyanyway if you want to get to er your fighting s fit weight what would y that be then? nine and a half and what are you now? don ' t know well last time i weighed seventy - eight kilos so i don ' t know what that is
502. a diet so we ' re gonna ha erm have to start trying to enforce that as well mm but erm my dad is trying to they told they said to my dad he had to lose weight because it was a strain on his heart and of course he and my mother are taking this as being a kind of a question of defeating er you know of confounding a person in authority by
511. supposed to like burn loads and loads of calories isn ' t it? is it? yeah i think i think it ' s that jumping i don ' t think he really needs to lose any weight do you? no come and sit up honey take that jacket off please and go and sit up quickly where ' s? he ' s in the room? pardon? in the lounge in the lounge is
512. then not come in it ' s just cos i just didn ' t wanna pay twenty pounds when i couldn ' t really use it cos i was yeah running so much because yeah my like weight has gone down quite well not quite a lot actually yeah i ' m doing okay i just didn ' t wanna keep paying for fuel when yeah i could build it back up at the gym at work so
513. takeaway coffee we ' re gonna sit in somewhere oh i was gonna say sit in sit in the snow yeah cos we ' ll be cos we ' ll be cold uh have you lost weight or something? no really? i don ' t think so i don ' t i dunno i haven ' t weighed myself your leg ' s looking pretty skinny you look yeah dunno it ' s

