Cluster 1
5. radio mm mm you know its got that little ipod adaptor in the glove compartment? yep how easy do you think it would be if i took that to halfords for them to change that cable for like a universal cable that ' ll fit in my phone and whatnot? should be easy they probably are plugged in to a usb port into your car somehow yeah back of the stereo or something
6. its got that little ipod adaptor in the glove compartment? yep how easy do you think it would be if i took that to halfords for them to change that cable for like a universal cable that ' ll fit in my phone and whatnot? should be easy they probably are plugged in to a usb port into your car somehow yeah back of the stereo or something should be easy i think
7. down the notices already there was a notice there that was coming across here yeah running up up there on the left - hand side but it ' s probably in the pavement there is erm a data cable really? yeah ah did you put that in? no no we kno we know it ' s there though cos i ' ve seen the erm the droid with all the services marked on
10. and the computers didn ' t work in the classroom mm oh i could there ' s so many things that went wrong i can ' t even list them yeah i pulled the computer out broke the audio cable then there was just that in the whole classroom you can ' t teach internet and moodle workshop without a computer and the internet and a display screen it ' s just absolute oh it was just a nightmare
12. in case you do keep the wires just in case you need them yeah don ' t know what they ' re for but just in case i ' ve got aerial cables and stuff like that a satellite cable and aerial plugs? yeah yeah when are you gonna when are we going to you only need them when you move house yeah but nowadays i mean nothing ' s required is it really i mean if you
17. other thing to that checks basically checks your midi input mm and i ' ve got no signal coming through so that ' s the problem mm so either i think the power ' s not sufficient in the cable or it ' s an old keyboard and it ' s it ' s just not recognised by logic well that would be silly i think because yeah it ' s still usb and it ' s still a keyboard
18. has he got a is it usb to usb or is it midi out to usb? he ' s got a midi out to usb i ' ve got usb to usb so if i can use his cable maybe from the midi out socket which i have yeah to usb maybe that will be the problem yeah cos i don ' t know if that has a different power but then you can buy the cable yeah
19. cable maybe from the midi out socket which i have yeah to usb maybe that will be the problem yeah cos i don ' t know if that has a different power but then you can buy the cable yeah but if that doesn ' t work then i think i need to buy a new midi keyboard woo i choked cos i can use the the keyboard that is on the computer no no you don '
33. my sky box going in yeah well that ' s like the freesat that ' ll that ' s on surround sound but we can ' t get it on on dvd well you just need an optical cable then yeah i have one oh ha i have i have an optical cable i ' m sure i have an optical cable oh right and you just take it out the back of your tv and you plug it
34. that ' ll that ' s on surround sound but we can ' t get it on on dvd well you just need an optical cable then yeah i have one oh ha i have i have an optical cable i ' m sure i have an optical cable oh right and you just take it out the back of your tv and you plug it into the surround sound and then you set your surround sound up for your
35. but we can ' t get it on on dvd well you just need an optical cable then yeah i have one oh ha i have i have an optical cable i ' m sure i have an optical cable oh right and you just take it out the back of your tv and you plug it into the surround sound and then you set your surround sound up for your auxiliary coming from your tv do you? oh
36. to like sit and do it to be honest yeah that ' s okay oh good it ' s powered through a usb connection i fucking hate them when they ' re like external power right cons short cable that ' s fine i don ' t need one or like a long one i ' ve got a spare one anyway it lasted two years too so that ' s that ' s a good thing yeah i
40. but it ' s one of those old - fashioned phones that it ' s erm wired in isn ' t it? you know just an ordinary phone yeah but you could get er a length of cable couldn ' t you? yeah yeah but she wouldn ' t have and straight yeah for like well i think for a quid in the pound shop you can get a massive great reel of cable phone cable
43. i do a hundred metres wow you can like tape out some sprint runs yeah yeah or measure gardening things mm mm sprint runs mm mm erm but yeah there was like loads of oil and was some cable that i was supposed to take to your brother ' s house wasn ' t wasn ' t i? to do fix his cooker i forgot that it was funny cos he he couldn ' t even
45. genuinely not out of anger it ' s not like i actually put my fist through the screen or anything well that was one of them the other one was because she left it on the table with the cable connecting the laptop to the the sofa and i walked past and pulled it off ah it pulled off yeah so yeah but sure you don ' t wanna cup of tea or something dad? no i ' m
53. and i checked and it was cold so i had to put the immersion heater on oh well the immersion heater is not plugged in at at the moment so i had to get an extension cable mm right so i need to change the plug on the wall for the immersion heater um so that i can just switch it on and off rather than having to put all the mm and then i need
70. actually i might take you up on that and and borrow it if you like this season well you can try it yeah i mean i ' ve got an exten well i ' ve got your extension cable but i have actually got erm not one on a i ' ve got yours that ' s on a drum and i ' ve got another one that that isn ' t oh you ' ve got that
73. aerial it ' s not very good but when i looked at before they said you know oh no if you get a good aerial yeah a digital aerial a digital aerial and also what they said is the cable the correct cables they got you got you can buy special cables they have that ' s right digital transmission which is better which is there ' s no loss on them mm that ' s right and so yeah
81. brighton is it just a generic power supply then? it should just work on any kind of power supply? the erm i would have thought so yeah the nine volt ones i need another guitar cable as well i had three cables and only one worked so i just chucked it away if you go to maplin ' s there ' s bound to be a maplin ' s in in maplin
86. of them i ' m not sure oh alright then i ' ve got a good old cable going on here so so this one this one isn ' t attached okay it was just from poundland this cable though wasn ' t it? no yeah it was but i mean it ' s just a basic jack lead isn ' t it? yeah you don ' t need much else doesn ' t have to be
87. you wanna grab an mp3 player? yeah put it on here alright we should have some sound minimum maximum some speakers get some music going then where ' s the mp3 player? where ' s that little cable as well? you threw it as it ' s it ' s between your feet it ' s got a plug here for some reason right this whole now these speakers haven ' t been used for about six
90. ##e actually i couldn ' t get hold of my dad so if you don ' t have internet and your internet goes down you can ' t use your printer? if we don ' t buy a cable for it you can buy a cheap printer to computer cable but they don ' t tend to come with them anymore oh right erm so this will work with wireless but yeah when if the internet were to
91. so if you don ' t have internet and your internet goes down you can ' t use your printer? if we don ' t buy a cable for it you can buy a cheap printer to computer cable but they don ' t tend to come with them anymore oh right erm so this will work with wireless but yeah when if the internet were to go down then we couldn ' t print yeah i '
92. it ' s when i was looking at rocks cos rocksmith for the pc was reduced this week so i ended up buying it on the pc cos it turns out you can use the same cable that connects to the guitar to the xbox to connect my guitar to my pc oh right so i can then play the same game it ' ll pick up what i ' m doing on the the electric guitar
96. that porch that is quite low i mean that ' s yeah the height it g falls down will just depend on the length of the exactly the cable which you just so but we can buy a nice cable that ' s what i ' m thinking that sort of vintage cable well what would a vintage cable look like? it ' s just a i ' ll show you it ' s just oh you mean like
97. height it g falls down will just depend on the length of the exactly the cable which you just so but we can buy a nice cable that ' s what i ' m thinking that sort of vintage cable well what would a vintage cable look like? it ' s just a i ' ll show you it ' s just oh you mean like well sort of brown and you mean like a erm nice looking
98. just depend on the length of the exactly the cable which you just so but we can buy a nice cable that ' s what i ' m thinking that sort of vintage cable well what would a vintage cable look like? it ' s just a i ' ll show you it ' s just oh you mean like well sort of brown and you mean like a erm nice looking what ' s it called?
102. end we ' ve got fibre optic he ' s got copper wire is that worse? yes no they ' re saying bt open reach were using erm were using er fibre optic now okay but the cable from a er telegraph pole isn ' t fibre optic isn ' t it? no copper wire and what does that mean? it means that it ' s not as fast as fibre optic it ' s probably
113. er summerhouse or whatever well i mean for the front garden oh the front garden? yeah oh wouldn ' t reach the plug hole would it? well y no you ' d have to have some cable from that only just goes into the door of the garage it ' s not er terribly long is it? mm i ' ve had to put an extension cable on to get it to the time switch yeah
114. no you ' d have to have some cable from that only just goes into the door of the garage it ' s not er terribly long is it? mm i ' ve had to put an extension cable on to get it to the time switch yeah so it ' s not as long as they implied in the er right i think they claimed five metres and i don ' t think it is it may be
117. ' t have wi - fi unless you ' re near the main house aha so you can go to the main house and get wi - fi and then in theory the log cabin has an ethernet cable but i took my computer one time and plugged it in and didn ' t work so oh okay and then erm it ' s got a little wood burner which is why i ' m not
124. ? it ' s it ' s all snake oil it ' s all snake oil it ' s all snake oil mm you know mmonster cables monster cables? monster monster cables you can get a cable to run from your tv to your dvd player your hdmi cable you can go and buy one of those and you can get one in a pound shop for a pound or you can go to somewhere that
125. all snake oil it ' s all snake oil mm you know mmonster cables monster cables? monster monster cables you can get a cable to run from your tv to your dvd player your hdmi cable you can go and buy one of those and you can get one in a pound shop for a pound or you can go to somewhere that sells monster cables and you can buy exactly the same cable for four
126. ##mi cable you can go and buy one of those and you can get one in a pound shop for a pound or you can go to somewhere that sells monster cables and you can buy exactly the same cable for four hundred and fifty pounds do you know what the difference between them is? no one costs four hundred and fifty pounds and the other one costs a pound there is no difference it ' s a digital
127. something like that and iit will probably last longer it ' s probably put together a bit better and you ' re paying more for that but when you ' re talking about the actual physics of a cable there is no d iif it works it works exactly the same as the one pound cable as a four hundred and fifty pound cable that is entirely objective mm the you have to be an a complete im
128. better and you ' re paying more for that but when you ' re talking about the actual physics of a cable there is no d iif it works it works exactly the same as the one pound cable as a four hundred and fifty pound cable that is entirely objective mm the you have to be an a complete imbecile to believe otherwise mm yeah i was wondering about the gold and silver tone thing
129. that but when you ' re talking about the actual physics of a cable there is no d iif it works it works exactly the same as the one pound cable as a four hundred and fifty pound cable that is entirely objective mm the you have to be an a complete imbecile to believe otherwise mm yeah i was wondering about the gold and silver tone thing because i thought it was to do with
130. through the middle of the wire a s a solid copper wire but you know broadband internet signal is modulated at a much higher frequency and that tends by its nature to go around the outside of the cable which is fine on a sheathed copper cable because it ' s nice shiny copper and it works you go somewhere like milton keynes new city they put in aluminium wires for the telephones yeah in the nineteen
131. solid copper wire but you know broadband internet signal is modulated at a much higher frequency and that tends by its nature to go around the outside of the cable which is fine on a sheathed copper cable because it ' s nice shiny copper and it works you go somewhere like milton keynes new city they put in aluminium wires for the telephones yeah in the nineteen sixties when they built it because it was cheaper

Cluster 2
44. probably almost as useful as the drill wow mm just in terms of it ' s the thing that you most likely in my head it ' s the thing you ' re most likely to cut through the cable of i see what you mean yeah yeah yeah i mean i yeah i very very rarely use my cordless circular saw oh right why ' s that then? dunno it ' s just it hasn '
76. be fixing them if it was all underground? how expensive it would be and ground and the ground moves as well yeah but like they put them in in the massive cables that they can put those massive cable casing on it so it ' s very unlikely that there ' s gonna be a problem with the wire er er it makes you dizzy doesn ' t it? it does yeah that would make oh we

Cluster 3
14. okay i haven ' t finished it yet because like when it ' s got like a cabley bit in it but then when you finish it you drop the s you drop the stitches in between the cable so it sort of has like a rim thing mm anyway oh and is that a pattern it ' s nearly finished from the book? um or was it one you found online? yeah it was a a
15. yeah oh yes that ' s right oh that ' s nice are they? what are those? the highland games that ' s right with tossing the big poles isn ' t it? huge yes yes cable? what do they call it? yes cable throwing i think oh yes that ' s i remember those mm i don ' t know how they managed to lift them up cos they were big things oh
16. ' s nice are they? what are those? the highland games that ' s right with tossing the big poles isn ' t it? huge yes yes cable? what do they call it? yes cable throwing i think oh yes that ' s i remember those mm i don ' t know how they managed to lift them up cos they were big things oh yeah strong man sometimes they tried they got too
20. means they ' ll tell you what ' s wrong with it and yeah it ' s nice to know isn ' t it? the things we used to drive years ago i mean i had a a cable brake ford just gonna put eight mm mm get the and they had cable brakes and and you ' d literally have to stand on them if you were going down a hill mm that ' s right and they
21. it ' s nice to know isn ' t it? the things we used to drive years ago i mean i had a a cable brake ford just gonna put eight mm mm get the and they had cable brakes and and you ' d literally have to stand on them if you were going down a hill mm that ' s right and they were never ev they were never even were they so no if you brake
22. ' s? what ' s this new? well the new thing is these you had to put so to p to protect the frame to proprotect the strings it ' s to eh somehow put cable ties around in a way that we lift the racket from the ground by about a millimetre only a millimetre i think and these cable ties are that ' s all the thickness they are
23. the strings it ' s to eh somehow put cable ties around in a way that we lift the racket from the ground by about a millimetre only a millimetre i think and these cable ties are that ' s all the thickness they are they ' re about a millimetre two millimetres and by putting a series of cable ties around the top then it ' s going to be protected the
24. millimetre only a millimetre i think and these cable ties are that ' s all the thickness they are they ' re about a millimetre two millimetres and by putting a series of cable ties around the top then it ' s going to be protected the strings are going to be protected the strings are going to be protected and thathat should do the job the only problem is that it takes
25. ' s going to be protected the strings are going to be protected the strings are going to be protected and thathat should do the job the only problem is that it takes quite a few of these cable ties per racket i think maybe six or seven and even though these are very cheap to buy whwhy six or seven if they surely they ' re only hitting the end well well yes but
26. racket okay? but quite a few go between ten o ' clock and two o ' clock so if they go between ten and two o ' clock that means you need more ties more of these cable ties to protect a a a larger perimeter so i mean you could just say right all the damage is going to be right at the end it ' s going to be between eleven o ' clock and one
27. re charging for the labour yeah what about the labour? well that ' s the next stage i ' ve got to research because the i ' ve been on the internet and where you can get the cable ties from you can also buy these machines eh they look a bit like a gun really like a staple gun but you mo you put the ties into the gun erm the eh i think you would have
28. tin snips so who who had this idea? really? mm what did he immediately? cheesed me off really that he had the idea and i didn ' t mm he he he mentioned cable ties first and i i couldn ' t quite see what he was getting at and then he explained it and then he he then i went to his house didn ' t i? went to his garage and
29. t quite see what he was getting at and then he explained it and then he he then i went to his house didn ' t i? went to his garage and then he he got all these cable ties out and we had a look at them all and we took some into the kitchen and then we spent about half an hour three quarters of an hour experimenting he out these on and he also did this
30. also did this as i said this thing with a pipe but that ' s i think if anything ' s loose or slightly erm vulnerable the kids will find it out that ' s why the table cable ties are such a good idea cos they cos they cannot be taken off at all there ' s no way they can come off except with a tool so the two things that we did that we
31. of them is student proof so we ' d go back to the idea of just putting the ties on with nothing wiwith them holding nothing on the racket whatsoever so you just have ththe raw cable ties so five or six of them and and that will lift the racket far enough off the floors for them never to for the strings to never come in contact with the floor that ' s that '
32. of those things they never bothered to address but it ' s been happening for years hasn ' t it? i presume it will be presumably it has they just need protection that ' s where the cable ties come in it ' s like such a good idea but i i think there might be something that you can put some kind of guard that you could put and lock on so it was tamper proof
46. ' t there it was no no it ' s big enough to fit the mattress perfectly but but long ways yeah it won ' t fit the frame yeah have to go long ways yeah you get your cable for the curtains no no this ' ll never go high enough well i put that well it ' s been working fine with that thing up there yeah doubled up the curtains because erm it was too bright
47. s bike you know the erm cycle park? yes you know under the seat there ' s a about an inch and a half under the seat there ' s a metal yes if you pass the cable lock through that through that as well as through part of the frame oh yes yes you could then tie it to something so you don ' t need to remove the oh that ' s a good idea so
51. can see the light the other end yeah what was happening was that erm you were you were dragging in dirt on your boots or on on the on the on the spray prpressure washer cable so that was a bit sort of er you know if you ' re careful i don ' t it was pointless really it seemed to me did did he did he say why? because do you wanna quickly
52. is just strictly between you and me and he was staring at me like you ' re definitely gonna right that ' s definitely between you and me right? erm i ' m gonna say that the cable ' s damaged outside okay? and that way you won ' t have to pay for it and i said yes thank you so that ' s why it ' s coming through a new place right and why
55. you know yeah and when they come to the bit about i ' m sure it ' s smash the wall oh right oh yeah they had this sort of like an aeroplane suddenly started moving down this cable this sort of model aeroplane yeah really slowly and then it got to the wall right and knocked the wall asunder yeah did it? yeah cos they had a sort of wall built on the stage
56. ? no it ' s didn ' t see it was on i asked did you? did they know about it? what did they say? went down in suffolk stupid yanks it hit a power cable i wonder if they got fried? dad says nobody was hurt though it ' s very low to be flying yeah it is it ' s stupid phoned up yesterday he phoned up he said why are
60. put them in the ground and then but you need to construct like supports yeah i was gonna say yeah they need erm showed me how to do it you need to if you you need like a cable hanging down okay and then wrap it round the tomato mm so it ' s erm but like a string so it ' s flexible so it can move and grow with it okay erm so yeah and
74. problem obviously but erm there were some electric cables that are kind of floating around now with nothing to be attached to they must have used to it being inside that so i ' ve asked them to cable clip those to the wall so they ' re out of the way and they said yes to that today they were meant to be finishing off something there weren ' t they? somehow joining the two er the
75. ? alright yeah on good finally er got my hands on some actual design oh excellent i haven ' t accomplished that yet er it ' s nothing um spectacular it ' s just a a er large concrete cable trough right to er mm so this is a pumping station yeah site um so there ' s the control building and there ' s the there ' s two pump kiosks yeah each with two pumps in
78. ' s not the safest thing mm i ' ve got a book gave me on bicycle maintenance oh really? might be able to do it ourselves but then we have to go buy a new brake cable and all the stuff that attaches to it i know well i ' m not doing oh well the brake cable ' s there is it? no the ca there ' s no ca there ' s nothing
79. might be able to do it ourselves but then we have to go buy a new brake cable and all the stuff that attaches to it i know well i ' m not doing oh well the brake cable ' s there is it? no the ca there ' s no ca there ' s nothing there it ' s naked it is bare there ' s nothing? no there ' s i don ' t think
80. ' s nothing? no there ' s i don ' t think there ' s any cabling i don ' t know how you i don ' t even know why you would have removed a brake cable? oh no i don ' t know? just break stuff just did whatever he wanted to do fixed it up have you messaged to dad about his birthday? yeah he said erm did you say
84. flooring heating windows heavy mildew surrounding edge of glass panes at edge of glass panes heavily paint and scratch mark both sash chords in place but paint marks tarnishing to brass fittings cable protruding to bottom left yellow stained so so they ' re definitely erm how about the cleanliness of the window? are they not commenting on that? doesn ' t really say no no well just says
88. mum too much by not going to hers mm i think she ' d be a bit upset i ' ll probably have to why isn ' t any we don ' t have any like pieces of er cable attachments for cameras that we don ' t use that we can string across that that erm oh it ' s all attached isn ' t it? yeah i don ' t think they ' re thin
89. can string across that that erm oh it ' s all attached isn ' t it? yeah i don ' t think they ' re thin enough or long enough that we can put through the that cable we just bought would ' ve worked what about this to hang across the thing to attach the curtain rail net to? that ' s much too thick to go through a curtain oh right to actually go through
95. quite low down cos it ' s a higher ceiling that porch that is quite low i mean that ' s yeah the height it g falls down will just depend on the length of the exactly the cable which you just so but we can buy a nice cable that ' s what i ' m thinking that sort of vintage cable well what would a vintage cable look like? it ' s just a i '
99. yeah and check it out oh that ' s got the whole thing look otherwise we would have to use it oh what ' s that hole? don ' t know look that ' s the kind of cable you mean isn ' t it? mm it is or is it a hole or is it just a weird reflection? anyway i don ' t like it no would you be able to finish the bookshel
100. they ' ve got this fairly small square of lawn behind the house which okay will be a lot easier to mow than mine which is sort of uneven and on a slope and and needs a long cable cos it goes quite a long way away from any electricity supply but er she was saying that oh it doesn ' t quite do seven days i ' m having to do it every six days and i
101. the guest house staying absolutely yeah or at least some power i mean it would need power down there well power yeah i mean mm i don ' t know how you ' d do that just put a cable under the ground and yeah yeah you ' d need you ' d need that er i was just thinking that i haven ' t bought a lottery ticket yet but cos um building a house there on my
115. ' s alterations like that that i try and do yeah while i remember what ' s needed if i can pluck up the courage i ' d like to put about an inch and a half of cable between each of the lights on the string in the utility room cos it ' s too short for the length of wall i have mm mm mm ah so i reckon about an extra inch and a half
116. of the lights on the string in the utility room cos it ' s too short for the length of wall i have mm mm mm ah so i reckon about an extra inch and a half of cable in between each bulb it ' ll er will be nice that sounds like hard work it sounds like several weeks of er well i was gonna say just buy a new set of well no you know jjust
132. have foreseen that in the sixties no you couldn ' t but all different metals have certain properties don ' t they? yes they do i mean that ' s why they use copper in electric cable and all that type of thing isn ' t it? yeah and gold it depends what you ' re using it for i love gold never tarnishes yeah no that ' s why it ' s used

Cluster 4
1. think my guide book is hidden somewhere but i will try and root it out but you know there are there are lot of kind of cafes and things by the beach and then there ' s like a cable car that you can take i ' ve heard the cable car yeah that ' s good because the cable car if you take it from the beach side over to the park you go near a rooftop bar that
2. and root it out but you know there are there are lot of kind of cafes and things by the beach and then there ' s like a cable car that you can take i ' ve heard the cable car yeah that ' s good because the cable car if you take it from the beach side over to the park you go near a rooftop bar that ' s actually quite nice cos you can see all
3. there are lot of kind of cafes and things by the beach and then there ' s like a cable car that you can take i ' ve heard the cable car yeah that ' s good because the cable car if you take it from the beach side over to the park you go near a rooftop bar that ' s actually quite nice cos you can see all obviously but you land pretty much there yeah so
4. ' s better than vegas i ' m so sad really? yeah oh okay i ' m going to see that erm basically what we did was go like six o ' clock we went on the cable car drank on the rooftop bar walked through the park to then find the museum where there ' s all the kind of waterfalls and fountains and then at the bottom of those cascades it ' s the big
57. like thanks all she did was tell us that the erm that the er what what are they called? that the trams are the trams that they weren ' t running that day are they trams? cable cars cable cars yeah i guess it ' s the same thing really uhu and the or trolley buses or whatever they are yeah she ' s like they ' re not running today uhu like oh yeah
58. all she did was tell us that the erm that the er what what are they called? that the trams are the trams that they weren ' t running that day are they trams? cable cars cable cars yeah i guess it ' s the same thing really uhu and the or trolley buses or whatever they are yeah she ' s like they ' re not running today uhu like oh yeah so we
59. i really want to uhu and you know that ' s part of their subversive power taking over space and all that learning about his reasons for sticking it where he did cos the the cable cars used to go by but they don ' t any more yeah so it was all really interesting and now it ' s like the only reason that like white tourists would go to watts probably would go there
61. s further isn ' t it? is it? well if we if we ' ve got onto the other side on the ferry we could walk to well we could walk to that silly erm er cable car thing oh yeah we could get a cable car would you be scared though? erm no and then we could get the cable car back yes that ' s right get the ferry over but what '
62. ? well if we if we ' ve got onto the other side on the ferry we could walk to well we could walk to that silly erm er cable car thing oh yeah we could get a cable car would you be scared though? erm no and then we could get the cable car back yes that ' s right get the ferry over but what ' s on the other side of the cable car
63. could walk to well we could walk to that silly erm er cable car thing oh yeah we could get a cable car would you be scared though? erm no and then we could get the cable car back yes that ' s right get the ferry over but what ' s on the other side of the cable car? isn ' t that like that ' s like that ' s no is no that
64. cable car would you be scared though? erm no and then we could get the cable car back yes that ' s right get the ferry over but what ' s on the other side of the cable car? isn ' t that like that ' s like that ' s no is no that is this side of the river darling no no oh no but you ' re saying i think it get the ferry
65. that ' s like that ' s no is no that is this side of the river darling no no oh no but you ' re saying i think it get the ferry over no and then the oh cable car back again i wasn ' t but yeah we could do that give if that was the case it ' s the stadium but the other side of the cable car is just like the arena and yes boring
66. the ferry over no and then the oh cable car back again i wasn ' t but yeah we could do that give if that was the case it ' s the stadium but the other side of the cable car is just like the arena and yes boring things just there er yeah we might come across something interesting oh they really need something in the middle of and don ' t they? mm that ' s bound
67. it was really i remember i just went and erm i got the ski jacket no lent me a ski jacket the helmet the skis and the poles i got and i w i went on the cable car at to the top of the mountain and then it was cool cos erm ' s a good skier isn ' t she? yeah she ' s like black slope does she? she got off
71. the old city and we had plenty of you know yeah changes of scene and right and all the rest of it so but yeah the i was saying to that erm dubrovnik has got a cable car going over the city you can get a cable car has it? yeah it sounds quite cool oh yeah there there are some things here about the hotel it says nowhere to get any refreshments for
72. yeah changes of scene and right and all the rest of it so but yeah the i was saying to that erm dubrovnik has got a cable car going over the city you can get a cable car has it? yeah it sounds quite cool oh yeah there there are some things here about the hotel it says nowhere to get any refreshments for guests that were not all inclusive far too noisy oh
94. thinking oh my god are they gonna kill me? oh so anyway we were from walvis bay which was a a quick stop and then we went to cape town yeah and we went to sort of cable mountain wow and er then we went to got off at durban oh very nice and this is where i had my first crash in my sports car oh you know drinking of course didn ' t learn from it
104. then the last time we went and i think we shall probably do the same erm you can take taxis up the mountain top right there are there are yeah erm and there ' s even a cable car is there? but and how long does it take say from when you arrive at the airport to get up to the resort? is it a couple of hours or? er prob a bit longer
110. oh cool because yeah erm and i think i might actually spend my birthday there rather than in venice oh because there ' s a lovely park by the lake with big erm there ' s a cable car next to the lake is there? so you can go up to the top of the mountain and then paragliding off the top of it oh awesome for your birthday i think that would be a
111. oh yeah yeah mal oh yeah mal yeah that place go you ' re the one that that place yeah you ' re the one that knows learning italian i think this is it if this has got a cable car mm yes then i think yeah oh wow yeah look a cable car up here somewhere yeah oh that looks beautiful and then you paraglide down amazing the middle of the lake that ' s i think
112. re the one that that place yeah you ' re the one that knows learning italian i think this is it if this has got a cable car mm yes then i think yeah oh wow yeah look a cable car up here somewhere yeah oh that looks beautiful and then you paraglide down amazing the middle of the lake that ' s i think that ' s a brilliant idea yeah oh wow that looks gorgeous god
120. the man symbol facing the other way is a bit confusing is it are we back? oh the view cafe ' s up that way i don ' t want to go back though there ' s the cable car and there ' s the dome i can ' t see the cable car it ' s that pillar oh i can see the oh yes i see it oh gosh how long that took just to go
121. we back? oh the view cafe ' s up that way i don ' t want to go back though there ' s the cable car and there ' s the dome i can ' t see the cable car it ' s that pillar oh i can see the oh yes i see it oh gosh how long that took just to go along yeah cos we were opposite the factory when we left the river
122. thing is we could walk to ' s place couldn ' t we? yeah cos that would we ' d have to cross somehow yeah where would be cross? we ' d have to get the cable car oh weird that it ' s over there that now is that cos it ' s gonna curve round? yeah that ' s the peninsula because the the the the dome is on this side of the

Cluster 5
0. that yeah yeah yeah and there was a picture of like basically complimenting and his big yeah actually it was actually osborne and you know com complimenting osborne and cameron and sort of ma mocking the vince cable um but uh they the the suggestion on the cover was that uh osborne and cameron were welcoming foreign investment basically into the country using the incentive of lower tax but obv but obviously it ' s not a
8. s for itv is is still they ' re still well made mm mm erm i ' ve done a lot of stuff for the bbc but even within the bbc within channel four erm forget the cable cos that ' s really dumbed down but er everything is yeah is just cheaper now yep you ' ve got to get to the story quickly you can ' t let the audience work it out for
9. didn ' t see him very frequently hm well he knew i was designing all of his clothes and i ' d been living in the same house with him for such a long time if you had a cable show on arizona ' s third most popular channel you wouldn ' t have the time either to call round used to mm well it ' s all well and good coming back and pretending to be interested where have
11. few tools and like when he weren ' t busy they ' d be dismantling you know like electric motors and everything like that you know set right in the money from the and you know stripping cable and wow but they ' d sort everything out what went on the tip well we went over tip once didn ' t we? yeah well we used to take stuff didn ' t we? to and then
13. s coming up as a choice or i just want we ' re getting new internet today with sky but it ' s going through the phone line yeah it ' s it ' s not the fibre optic cable so great so it ' s gonna be like back to the i dunno what it ' s gonna be like old days of not having you can ' t well it might work out in your favour actually
37. ' s gonna hate you kick what well i was busy li er the other day yeah and he was playing real loud music he always does i think might as well just oh shit i nearly pulled the cable out fuck oh it ' s fully charged though it ' s okay woo you got my man boots and someone has pinned my pin pinned your pin? mm a pin pin pin pin pin pin so that woman
38. em i print off a lot of pictures on my phone and if you ' ve got an iphone most you know instant print off things you can ' t print them off unless you ' ve got a cable cos iphones don ' t have bluetooth don ' t they? no well they do but you can only connect them via other iphones you can ' t connect them to any other phone connect
39. s really mean but kind of funny it ' s funny thanks for your support oh dear this is broken quite badly do you know what i ' m sure you know when said that this was not her cable i don ' t remember this being broken? but ours wasn ' t broken either what? is it broken? yeah look it ' s ripping apart here oh my god i don ' t really wanna touch
41. of cable couldn ' t you? yeah yeah but she wouldn ' t have and straight yeah for like well i think for a quid in the pound shop you can get a massive great reel of cable phone cable yeah yeah and then she couldn ' t get her television on she couldn ' t get it working yeah she ' d pulled the plug out and switched it off took the aerial out she takes everything
42. couldn ' t you? yeah yeah but she wouldn ' t have and straight yeah for like well i think for a quid in the pound shop you can get a massive great reel of cable phone cable yeah yeah and then she couldn ' t get her television on she couldn ' t get it working yeah she ' d pulled the plug out and switched it off took the aerial out she takes everything out each
48. should be now because like i say he was on an agency but they got paid less yeah yeah because obviously the agency got the money that ' s right yeah well then when when they had the big cable factory in er widnes they were on forty pounds an hour and that was twenty years ago and i read about them the rspca being on three thousand pound a week and i thought yeah you
49. fine doesn ' t like it but does it not? no says we look stupid oh what cos of the? yeah looks kind of gawky oh that ' s a good one in a cable kind of these yeah i mean they ' re coming to visit soon aren ' t they? yes yes er end of october they will arrive yeah so it should be good to host someone it ' s shame
50. all that yeah they ' re all dressed up beautifully but you can see that they ' ve got this big they look like the hunch back in notre dame yeah because they ' ve got the big cable big box underneath their dress yeah what is it? is it for the mic? yeah they ' ve probably got one of those it ' s kind of similar like a radio mic so the whole sort of
54. was a new television when the digital came in didn ' t they? all you need is a new television all you need is a box when actually you need a new aerial a new television yeah new cable mm and when the wind blow if the wind ' s blowing in the in a certain direction you would ' ve still thought the er the the waves would come through to the aerial mm that seem to blow
68. much we had a letter i should think about three weeks ago cos i ' d forgotten about it erm to say our electricity ' s going off in the morning oh they ' re doing some cable work er where there are cables i don ' t know i don ' t know what it ' s all about it will be off for a short time it said it was very badly written i ended up
69. going to have to buy a hedge trimmer because i ' ve got one you could have it because he uses his own it he he doesn ' t use mine yours is elec has got a cable though mm i mean actually i might take you up on that and and borrow it if you like this season well you can try it yeah i mean i ' ve got an exten well i ' ve
77. it ' s like it ' s erm since she ' s had the new bed she ' s got again you should see the tv on her wall this is a bit funny having a blue lead cable is it a an extension? it must be mustn ' t it? bit of improvisation there yeah er and ' s is the only clean room ' s smells and ' s a bit of a mess
82. a fire but the fox in t on it wasn ' t on erm speeding ticket duty? no no they were just they were just they were trying to find erm i ' m confused the cable was being nibbled by something i ' m really confused as to this bit of the film erm it was at the end and they said and right and fox parking duty and they ' re like what
83. ' s lighter that ' s darker than that isn ' t it? that one ' s slightly darker oh well whatever are you sure you wanna sit on a curtain? well i forgot we got this cable we s so we can see if the sound works we ' ll sit on the inside of the curtain not the outside yeah okay fold it up and make it look a bit like a rug that ' ll
85. you have one you have to stick it to the back not both of them i don ' t think maybe one of them i ' m not sure oh alright then i ' ve got a good old cable going on here so so this one this one isn ' t attached okay it was just from poundland this cable though wasn ' t it? no yeah it was but i mean it ' s just a
93. oh there ' s my cable hello oh it ' s freezing minus two point five it ' s quite warm actually actually how much do you hate your glasses steaming up? i know i couldn ' t agree more and what i find really
103. no why not? he thinks he ' s got a better service than us i ' m sure he does but i ' m not sure that he does his comes off a satellite not off off a cable is that better or worse? i don ' t know i don ' t know i don ' t know he thinks it ' s better fine if you get i mean i i ' ve got no problem
105. that sort of person who lives in a neighbourhood like that they don ' t want erm the next thing was you don ' t put erm email address you need to don ' t use a cable provider ' s email address mm because that ' s s a sign that you ' re really old oh right so if you ' ve got an aol dot com yeah it was saying or or any other
106. ' s email address mm because that ' s s a sign that you ' re really old oh right so if you ' ve got an aol dot com yeah it was saying or or any other cable provider serving like bt bt yeah right so i ' m thinking so yeah i put my address on there i put my email and then the other one was oh and the other reason for the address was they
107. ' t be putting these things on cos it mm you don ' t put your age on no no but that it screams how old you are based on the fact that you ' ve provided a cable provided email address so it said if you ' ve got a cable one get it redirected to a gmail account use something like modern but they can work out how old you are mm i '
108. ' t put your age on no no but that it screams how old you are based on the fact that you ' ve provided a cable provided email address so it said if you ' ve got a cable one get it redirected to a gmail account use something like modern but they can work out how old you are mm i ' ve got hotmail does that count? cos i always thought
109. at a certain airport mm it was owned by a lawyer right an attorney yeah i knew where he lived i had a picture of him yeah and i had his email address well was it was it a cable provider? yeah probably so no it was his law firm address cos he was an attorney of law yeah and obviously on the i found the business yeah the business had a website and that ' s where
118. ##linity display either that or uh like a porn film whoa he ' s just cu you ' ve obviously i wouldn ' t know so yeah well no but no uh uh a stereotype yeah the cable you know just come to fix the cable ah it ' s bad no what i was saying about me dad is like the problem with like trying to choose anything like me dad was looking for a phone you
119. a porn film whoa he ' s just cu you ' ve obviously i wouldn ' t know so yeah well no but no uh uh a stereotype yeah the cable you know just come to fix the cable ah it ' s bad no what i was saying about me dad is like the problem with like trying to choose anything like me dad was looking for a phone you know like a like i suppose like a
123. off the phone but it i couldn ' t do it i couldn ' t get them off the phone and onto the computer and your dad had a go oh all this nonsense about oh just connect the cable and it ' ll tell you didn ' t actually work at all think it ' s er when did he say he was going to work then? well two o ' clock so before now then he went

