Cluster 1
1. said i don ' t know what ' s going on we laughed that ' s weird of course and said it ' s gonna be because of her treatment isn ' t it? because of her breast cancer yeah yes would have sort of so she thought how old is she? is she a couple of years younger than me? cos some of the treatment for erm cancer puts you into early menopa
2. ? because of her breast cancer yeah yes would have sort of so she thought how old is she? is she a couple of years younger than me? cos some of the treatment for erm cancer puts you into early menopause yeah doesn ' t it? well she said she went through menopause when she was forty - two gosh that ' s early so she must be forty -
4. i think i would yeah mm yeah me too i ' m certainly not against it i don ' t believe in the whole bullshit of like oh it ' s a human life what if it cccured cancer? like oh fuck off it yeah if i wanted to keep it ' d be cos yeah what if i don ' t know that ant you stepped could ' ve cucured cancer you never know these
5. it cccured cancer? like oh fuck off it yeah if i wanted to keep it ' d be cos yeah what if i don ' t know that ant you stepped could ' ve cucured cancer you never know these things and you ' re not gonna know them like what if that little ant we stepped on was gonna grow up? and do you know the amount of eggs we lose whenever we have
10. ? exactly maybe they ' re just not trying hard enough to find it like it isn ' t that easy to find and why haven ' t had and why hasn ' t anyone in royal family had cancer? well yeah exactly like they ' re all pretty old and it doesn ' t discriminate does it like? no well it kinda does with old people but they are old so they should get cancer
24. it hugo chavez the erm hugo chavez is it the venezuelan president? okay he ' s saying that isn ' t it funny how all the latin american presidents over the past twenty years have died of cancer mm or are dying of cancer and he ' s he has actually said it ' s the cia uh - huh who have er managed to manufacture some kind of really? cancer inducing substance and that obviously they
25. hugo chavez is it the venezuelan president? okay he ' s saying that isn ' t it funny how all the latin american presidents over the past twenty years have died of cancer mm or are dying of cancer and he ' s he has actually said it ' s the cia uh - huh who have er managed to manufacture some kind of really? cancer inducing substance and that obviously they have given to all of us
26. twenty years have died of cancer mm or are dying of cancer and he ' s he has actually said it ' s the cia uh - huh who have er managed to manufacture some kind of really? cancer inducing substance and that obviously they have given to all of us blimey yes er i ' m st i ' m staggered there isn ' t a cure for c cancer yet mm and of the course
27. some kind of really? cancer inducing substance and that obviously they have given to all of us blimey yes er i ' m st i ' m staggered there isn ' t a cure for c cancer yet mm and of the course the the the there are just to many people on this planet now and because we don ' t have the world wars that we used to do where there was a natural selection
29. your your end game there is that you reckon that they ' re trying to get rid of a lot of people so then there ' s not gonna be so much war for resources for cancer yeah through cancer it ' s a killer right well isn ' t it we we we manage to cure everything else pretty much but not cancer which is well we got near to it of course but mm er yeah they didn
30. there ' s not gonna be so much war for resources for cancer yeah through cancer it ' s a killer right well isn ' t it we we we manage to cure everything else pretty much but not cancer which is well we got near to it of course but mm er yeah they didn ' t steve jobs though do you not think they would have saved steve jobs if they found a cure for cancer and they
31. not cancer which is well we got near to it of course but mm er yeah they didn ' t steve jobs though do you not think they would have saved steve jobs if they found a cure for cancer and they were just keeping it secret cos they didn ' t want yeah possibly but no i but no i think i i ' m agreeing with you i think there is something mm out there that they
34. on live on television but she died on reality tv and that ' s she what people like isn ' t it yeah they like to see reality and she raised awareness of cancer we were all aware of cancer before jade goodie mm you know um she died with dignity er i think as you said it ' s car crash tv and it ' s all these people who aspire to be rich it is yeah
37. alive at this point but then his mum dies what of? his mum died of breast cancer i think that ' s stupid have you just made that up? i think it ' s some sort of cancer so then he ' s he ' s just making it up just staring at his mum like naked and drawing pictures of her when? while while she was dead i know it ' s creepy isn ' t
40. mm except it ' s more psychological really because then they ' re in the grips of an addiction it ' s like smoking mm well this is it but er like lung cancer the big cause of lung cancer or one of the big ca is smoking mm mm no two ways about it mm and yet people still continue to smoke still people still die of lung cancer yeah but they can ' t er say that being
41. er like lung cancer the big cause of lung cancer or one of the big ca is smoking mm mm no two ways about it mm and yet people still continue to smoke still people still die of lung cancer yeah but they can ' t er say that being an alcoholic is an illness as such er as i say i thought he defended he did it better than what i ' ve just said there but yeah er
50. that have died this month both sixty - nine died of cancer who? bowie was sixty - nine died of cancer and so was alan rickman yeah sixty - nine alan rickman yeah sixty - nine cancer mm and er that ' s the week before there was er a guy called lemmy who was a guitarist er in or bassist in motorhead yeah no i ' d heard i ' d heard yeah i
57. okay so erm and i are going to talk about erm er er something that we ' ve both been going through erm over the last few months and years which is our experiences of having cancer and being treated for cancer specifically gynaecological cancers and we ' re doing this recording with two objects erm number one is towards the cambridge university press erm research but secondly we ' re hoping
58. i are going to talk about erm er er something that we ' ve both been going through erm over the last few months and years which is our experiences of having cancer and being treated for cancer specifically gynaecological cancers and we ' re doing this recording with two objects erm number one is towards the cambridge university press erm research but secondly we ' re hoping that the tape will be
59. even say it gynaecological cancers amongst obviously amongst women er in erm in this country and erm are interested in the views of some of their members and supporters er in the awareness of cancer and the symptoms of cancer et cetera amongst young people er in particular so we ' re gonna talk about that and the other thing we ' re gonna talk about is about the cancers that we ' ve
60. ##ecological cancers amongst obviously amongst women er in erm in this country and erm are interested in the views of some of their members and supporters er in the awareness of cancer and the symptoms of cancer et cetera amongst young people er in particular so we ' re gonna talk about that and the other thing we ' re gonna talk about is about the cancers that we ' ve had and our experiences of
61. amongst young people er in particular so we ' re gonna talk about that and the other thing we ' re gonna talk about is about the cancers that we ' ve had and our experiences of of having cancer so we ' re gonna talk about body parts and stuff like that as well because part of what the eve appeal has discovered is that younger women are less likely to know the parts of their body involved be
66. do get used to stuff ppeople kind of poking around in your nether regions and well i mean i think i mean i think that an equivalent with men and prostate cancer and m bowel cancer as well that you know mm they don ' t go for those things either and er no erm and those sort of all also embarrassing things maybe there ' s a need for a kind of common cause
69. i d well it ' s like and haven ' t even asked you what your cancer was oh well mine was ovarian it was ovarian okay alright so mine was endometrial cancer which is erm a cancer of the lining of the womb and erm it is most prevalent in women post - menopause so the way usually what happens is that i think or i gather is
70. like and haven ' t even asked you what your cancer was oh well mine was ovarian it was ovarian okay alright so mine was endometrial cancer which is erm a cancer of the lining of the womb and erm it is most prevalent in women post - menopause so the way usually what happens is that i think or i gather is a women will have her men
71. don ' t do that when they are doing cervical screening tests? why do they not do that at the same time? i don ' t know well it ' s just it ' s like breast cancer isn ' t it? like if you say as a women and you ' ve got cancer people go oh is it breast cancer? because there ' s so much awareness of breast cancer and there ' s
72. that at the same time? i don ' t know well it ' s just it ' s like breast cancer isn ' t it? like if you say as a women and you ' ve got cancer people go oh is it breast cancer? because there ' s so much awareness of breast cancer and there ' s also a lot of awareness of cervical cancer i mean i know yeah you know and they have
73. don ' t know well it ' s just it ' s like breast cancer isn ' t it? like if you say as a women and you ' ve got cancer people go oh is it breast cancer? because there ' s so much awareness of breast cancer and there ' s also a lot of awareness of cervical cancer i mean i know yeah you know and they have all these checks all the time yeah
74. s like breast cancer isn ' t it? like if you say as a women and you ' ve got cancer people go oh is it breast cancer? because there ' s so much awareness of breast cancer and there ' s also a lot of awareness of cervical cancer i mean i know yeah you know and they have all these checks all the time yeah and i kn but you know you ' ve got an
75. say as a women and you ' ve got cancer people go oh is it breast cancer? because there ' s so much awareness of breast cancer and there ' s also a lot of awareness of cervical cancer i mean i know yeah you know and they have all these checks all the time yeah and i kn but you know you ' ve got anomalies like people like jade goody who managed to not
77. t know what the prevalence of the different cancers is whether mmy i don ' t know this might be completely uninformed but my hunch is that there ' s more women around with cervical cancer sure yeah i ' m sure that ' s right than there are with endometrial cancer yeah and and also my hunch and and also this gynaegynaecological support group that i
78. might be completely uninformed but my hunch is that there ' s more women around with cervical cancer sure yeah i ' m sure that ' s right than there are with endometrial cancer yeah and and also my hunch and and also this gynaegynaecological support group that i ' m in the older women seem to have ovarian cancer and the younger women seem to
79. with endometrial cancer yeah and and also my hunch and and also this gynaegynaecological support group that i ' m in the older women seem to have ovarian cancer and the younger women seem to have cervical cancer yeah so i don ' t know whether there ' s a kind of shift in the patterns of cancer or oh i don ' t know whether it ' s
80. also my hunch and and also this gynaegynaecological support group that i ' m in the older women seem to have ovarian cancer and the younger women seem to have cervical cancer yeah so i don ' t know whether there ' s a kind of shift in the patterns of cancer or oh i don ' t know whether it ' s about awareness campaigns and there just being more awareness
81. in the older women seem to have ovarian cancer and the younger women seem to have cervical cancer yeah so i don ' t know whether there ' s a kind of shift in the patterns of cancer or oh i don ' t know whether it ' s about awareness campaigns and there just being more awareness of cervical cancer now which means that it looks like there are more people suffering but it ' s really
82. don ' t know whether there ' s a kind of shift in the patterns of cancer or oh i don ' t know whether it ' s about awareness campaigns and there just being more awareness of cervical cancer now which means that it looks like there are more people suffering but it ' s really that more people and who are coming forward no er i mean coming forward ye and to follow your story right through but
83. i know there is a study er going on at the moment about looking at erm more screening for gynae cancers erm but what i kind of feel is that if if ovarian cancer and and these other cancers gynae cancers don ' t meet that threshold you still do have an opportunity where women come regularly hopefully most of them to do the cervical smear test mm and at the
85. s people should know what the symptoms are well no absolutely and and we should follow your story and then i ' ll say a bit about kind of sym the normal symptoms of having ovarian cancer well i mean i was gonna comment on that because erm when i was in my er when i was about thirty my next door neighbour died of ovarian cancer and she was a erm she
87. kind of i d be to use a very non - pc word really neurotic about stuff and she had had symptoms for years and years and years and it turned out to be ovarian cancer and she had been dismissed by her doctors as just being a hysterical woman yeah with these sort of er these symptoms which were were said by them or interpreted by them to be a sign of her neuro
89. diagnosed so by the time she was diagnosed she was she ' d had it she was done for erm and you know so this is actually this is actually bloody scary stuff because everybody knows with breast cancer you look for a lump and ev and everybody is sort of they ask you have you been looking for lumps? you know when was the last time you examined your breast? you you go and have
90. ev and everybody is sort of they ask you have you been looking for lumps? you know when was the last time you examined your breast? you you go and have a smear for cervical cancer i had no idea to until recently that there was such a thing as cancer of the vulva or cancer of the vagina and actually that makes my blood run cold because i you know to this day
91. ##s? you know when was the last time you examined your breast? you you go and have a smear for cervical cancer i had no idea to until recently that there was such a thing as cancer of the vulva or cancer of the vagina and actually that makes my blood run cold because i you know to this day i don ' t even know what the symptoms of those are erm you
92. the last time you examined your breast? you you go and have a smear for cervical cancer i had no idea to until recently that there was such a thing as cancer of the vulva or cancer of the vagina and actually that makes my blood run cold because i you know to this day i don ' t even know what the symptoms of those are erm you know although i do know what
93. makes my blood run cold because i you know to this day i don ' t even know what the symptoms of those are erm you know although i do know what the symptoms of ovarian cancer are but coming back to my previous theme about going to your doctor it ' s one of the kind of things that you go to a doctor about and they think oh well that could be anything and it
95. yeah so she did actually on my first visit erm wow send me off to the hospital and how did and got lo and what what ' s the what ' s diagnostic tool for ovarian cancer? well i mean mine was not usual er the the normal erm symptoms of ovarian cancer are feelings of being intolerably bloated mm because what happens is the the erm er
96. did and got lo and what what ' s the what ' s diagnostic tool for ovarian cancer? well i mean mine was not usual er the the normal erm symptoms of ovarian cancer are feelings of being intolerably bloated mm because what happens is the the erm er the the body creates a lot of fluids in the oh really? abdominal area so people do get very
97. thought oh well maybe it ' s just erm you know residual normal menopausal ah yeah erm so you know i wasn ' t that concerned about it and i i had a cervical cancer ch screening test spoke to the nurse and said you know should i be worried about this? she said oh well you know if it doesn ' t go away in a few weeks go back to the doctor
99. we just test that as well? yeah you know and that could just be the thing that saves their lives because i know that that thing like seventy - five percent of all women with ovarian cancer get diagnosed at stage 3c mm now what that means is that you know cancer is usually graded into four stages? yeah one two three and four erm four is when it ' s really you know
100. thing that saves their lives because i know that that thing like seventy - five percent of all women with ovarian cancer get diagnosed at stage 3c mm now what that means is that you know cancer is usually graded into four stages? yeah one two three and four erm four is when it ' s really you know a a pretty tough call and it ' s gone yeah everywhere in your body yeah
101. ' s gone yeah everywhere in your body yeah three is when it ' s spread somewhere else yeah erm so 3c is not fantastic but no the one of the one of the reasons why the cancer outcome statistics are not great for ovarian cancer is that everyone is found so late i know erm so you know it has spread by that by the time you get that bloating you know
102. is when it ' s spread somewhere else yeah erm so 3c is not fantastic but no the one of the one of the reasons why the cancer outcome statistics are not great for ovarian cancer is that everyone is found so late i know erm so you know it has spread by that by the time you get that bloating you know it it ' s spread yeah so there is no
103. is not that as expensive for the nhs but well i don ' t know you but is not that that ' s a totally diagnostic device no i should say that you know not every ovarian cancer will be shown by that test and i think that ' s one of the reasons why a lot of these screening decisions are complicated yeah erm like you know if you just did that test it wouldn '
105. ' re not indeed they are in breast i mean and breast cancer has been very controversial because you know an awful lot of women end up getting er breast surgery for things that might never had turned into cancer but you can ' t know one way or the other so it ' s yeah it you know it ' s always that balance and so i do respect the sort of academic process that that they use but
107. ##m turned out to be a fibroadenoma but i was in hospital having it removed within within the month and it was only recently that i thought oh my god they thought it was a cancer didn ' t they? because otherwise i wouldn ' t have been whipped into hospital and had this lump removed yeah you know then er then and there erm but erm so erm i er the
108. you think you were in denial at the time? that no it just never crossed my mind no because actually what was really strange is that i think that there ' s probably a genetic component in my cancer because i think my grandmother had endometrial cancer right erm or possibly ovarian cancer erm years and years and years ago erm and but i had never it had never crossed my
109. no it just never crossed my mind no because actually what was really strange is that i think that there ' s probably a genetic component in my cancer because i think my grandmother had endometrial cancer right erm or possibly ovarian cancer erm years and years and years ago erm and but i had never it had never crossed my mind that i might get cancer because my mother goes around
110. actually what was really strange is that i think that there ' s probably a genetic component in my cancer because i think my grandmother had endometrial cancer right erm or possibly ovarian cancer erm years and years and years ago erm and but i had never it had never crossed my mind that i might get cancer because my mother goes around saying there isn ' t cancer in our family
111. endometrial cancer right erm or possibly ovarian cancer erm years and years and years ago erm and but i had never it had never crossed my mind that i might get cancer because my mother goes around saying there isn ' t cancer in our family nobody in our family has got cancer erm never heard of anybody having cancer erm and so therefore i er i had kind of
112. ##varian cancer erm years and years and years ago erm and but i had never it had never crossed my mind that i might get cancer because my mother goes around saying there isn ' t cancer in our family nobody in our family has got cancer erm never heard of anybody having cancer erm and so therefore i er i had kind of on some real subliminal level thought i ' m
113. ago erm and but i had never it had never crossed my mind that i might get cancer because my mother goes around saying there isn ' t cancer in our family nobody in our family has got cancer erm never heard of anybody having cancer erm and so therefore i er i had kind of on some real subliminal level thought i ' m not i ' m not going to get cancer i
114. it had never crossed my mind that i might get cancer because my mother goes around saying there isn ' t cancer in our family nobody in our family has got cancer erm never heard of anybody having cancer erm and so therefore i er i had kind of on some real subliminal level thought i ' m not i ' m not going to get cancer i ' m not gonna be prone to cancer
115. cancer erm never heard of anybody having cancer erm and so therefore i er i had kind of on some real subliminal level thought i ' m not i ' m not going to get cancer i ' m not gonna be prone to cancer i don ' t know why i would have swallowed that message whole it seemed to me that i suppose that there is some logic in that that if nobody in
116. erm and so therefore i er i had kind of on some real subliminal level thought i ' m not i ' m not going to get cancer i ' m not gonna be prone to cancer i don ' t know why i would have swallowed that message whole it seemed to me that i suppose that there is some logic in that that if nobody in the family had ever had cancer then obviously there
117. prone to cancer i don ' t know why i would have swallowed that message whole it seemed to me that i suppose that there is some logic in that that if nobody in the family had ever had cancer then obviously there isn ' t a a kind of genetic component in our family like the bra gene or what brca yeah gene the brca gene whatever so erm i suppose i just had this sort
119. a nervy high - strung person who was always a bit hypochondriac and she never sort of went round in her later life say oh well i wonder if it ' s cancer erm or i ' m really scared of having cancer again or something like when through all the symptoms she had when she was a ninety she did live till ninety - three so obviously they caught it in
120. a bit hypochondriac and she never sort of went round in her later life say oh well i wonder if it ' s cancer erm or i ' m really scared of having cancer again or something like when through all the symptoms she had when she was a ninety she did live till ninety - three so obviously they caught it in time and they put it right but erm so there
121. ' re told and er you know how much one chooses to ask erm and the first thing i realised was that they said here ' s your macmillan nurse and i thought ah okay it ' s cancer then before they said the word cancer yeah erm that ' s how i knew it was ca oh gosh and then so what happened? you went you had you went for a scan? i well
122. how much one chooses to ask erm and the first thing i realised was that they said here ' s your macmillan nurse and i thought ah okay it ' s cancer then before they said the word cancer yeah erm that ' s how i knew it was ca oh gosh and then so what happened? you went you had you went for a scan? i well i had so yes i had er
123. ##m and so that that came back erm and and another thing perhaps it ' s helpful to say is that when i got that er they said oh yes it ' s a very aggressive form of cancer and i think that can be a scary thing to hear but what yeah they said was that actually paradoxically erm aggressive cancers can be the ones that react best to chemotherapy because what a chemotherapy is doing
124. what yeah they said was that actually paradoxically erm aggressive cancers can be the ones that react best to chemotherapy because what a chemotherapy is doing is addressing rapidly dividing cells yeah so if you have a cancer that has rapidly dividing cells ie it ' s aggressive erm chemotherapy sometimes works better with those ones oh right than the ones that are slower burners and and i would see if i would be able able
126. rather unusually to my lymph nodes and when they first said it to me before the choir and told me that oh well it might be lymphoma or it might be ovarian cancer or it could be both oh that ' s a come back in a week oh so erm scary and so yeah erm but it it ' s nice to know that actually on the twenty - ninth
127. is it you know do you wanna just say a little bit more about what endometrial ccancer is? and well erm i i suppose it ' s erm it ' s cancer of the lining of the womb so it ' s not necessarily in the wall of your womb it ' s in the lining so the first time i talked to the consultant about it i said well perha
128. ##iving was because i had a blockage right and the eggs weren ' t travelling down my fallopian tube now in retrospect i think the reason why they then found little drifts of cancer cells up my fallopian tubes in one of my ovaries and down around the outside of the exterior of my uterus was because that process had sent cells oh my god so they sort of
129. been flushed out of my or through my fallopian tubes and outside into my abdominal cavity oh how terribly ironic and then either they were cancerous at the time and it was a very very slow cancer and they just sat there quietly without giving me any symptoms for a couple of years or on the other hand they were ordinary cells and they were perfectly fine and then when something in my genes kind of clicked
130. i started having pain and the the radiologist had said said oh don ' t worry you ' ve got fibroids but there ' s nothing more sinister there well erm endometrial cancer doesn ' t show up as a tumour or a lump and so you don ' t have a tell - tale lump as you would in breast cancer no erm and or even in ovarian
131. sinister there well erm endometrial cancer doesn ' t show up as a tumour or a lump and so you don ' t have a tell - tale lump as you would in breast cancer no erm and or even in ovarian cancer actually right with ovarian cancer yes i suppose you could have a localised lump you you probably if you think of it yeah yeah yeah if
132. ' t show up as a tumour or a lump and so you don ' t have a tell - tale lump as you would in breast cancer no erm and or even in ovarian cancer actually right with ovarian cancer yes i suppose you could have a localised lump you you probably if you think of it yeah yeah yeah if you see see the lump oh right in erm when
133. ##mour or a lump and so you don ' t have a tell - tale lump as you would in breast cancer no erm and or even in ovarian cancer actually right with ovarian cancer yes i suppose you could have a localised lump you you probably if you think of it yeah yeah yeah if you see see the lump oh right in erm when you have yeah have an ultrasound and
134. no lumps to look at and there ' s no lumps to feel and actually if they send you for an ultrasound that doesn ' t tell you whether you ' ve got endometrial cancer because yeah actually if they can be just sitting there looking perfectly innocent when you scan them but you know yeah they ' re not innocent at all no so just to cut through that again so if if somebody
137. really? there was this this consultant i ' d never seen before who got wheeled into the room and there was a student who was obviously there to hear how to tell a patient they ' ve got cancer there was a registrar who obviously was just they were just the gynae the gynae guy so mostly they were dealing with pregnancies and miscarriages and stuff and not with cancer so
138. cancer there was a registrar who obviously was just they were just the gynae the gynae guy so mostly they were dealing with pregnancies and miscarriages and stuff and not with cancer so they were all beside themselves and didn ' t know what to do about it and didn ' t know what to say so they just told me and then we all just stared at each other and then
139. has been missed yeah you know so just to have that confidence to to pursue it with your with your gp but to this day i couldn ' t tell you what the symptoms of vulvas of cancer of the vulva were or cancer of the vagina i have i have and i d almost don ' t dare dare to look them up really i mean the yeah you know erm cervical cancer er
140. just to have that confidence to to pursue it with your with your gp but to this day i couldn ' t tell you what the symptoms of vulvas of cancer of the vulva were or cancer of the vagina i have i have and i d almost don ' t dare dare to look them up really i mean the yeah you know erm cervical cancer erm well we have smears so
141. cancer of the vulva were or cancer of the vagina i have i have and i d almost don ' t dare dare to look them up really i mean the yeah you know erm cervical cancer erm well we have smears so we don ' t have to worry so we have smears so that ' s fine breast cancer we know about erm you are supposed to examine your breasts but
142. them up really i mean the yeah you know erm cervical cancer erm well we have smears so we don ' t have to worry so we have smears so that ' s fine breast cancer we know about erm you are supposed to examine your breasts but the other ones they are just they really are hidden aren ' t they? they ' re yeah so hidden they are absolutely hidden yeah and
144. cancers in terms of the continuation of their sex lives and erm there was something on woman ' s hour about it erm last year and erm and and actually when blokes have prostate cancer a lot of attention is paid to their continuance of their erectile function and whether they you know are incontinent and stuff like this erm but you know there ' s people talk
146. was given erm an operative sur an operative slot of two and a half hours and she was taken down to surgery and they had they had only had two and a half hours and there was still cancer left inside her and they were obliged to sew her back up again leaving it there and oh er whereas as i and this you know er and i am just appalled that that was done to her yeah
155. kansas there was a group of there was a group of people doing like a charity candy cane sale erm they were selling them to make donations to donate to a charity with mm for children with terminal cancer yeah or i ' m not sure whether it was terminal cancer but children with cancer basically they ' ll they ' ll erm running a stall you know selling candy canes yeah to get donations and these
156. doing like a charity candy cane sale erm they were selling them to make donations to donate to a charity with mm for children with terminal cancer yeah or i ' m not sure whether it was terminal cancer but children with cancer basically they ' ll they ' ll erm running a stall you know selling candy canes yeah to get donations and these group of people say that you selling candy canes on the
157. candy cane sale erm they were selling them to make donations to donate to a charity with mm for children with terminal cancer yeah or i ' m not sure whether it was terminal cancer but children with cancer basically they ' ll they ' ll erm running a stall you know selling candy canes yeah to get donations and these group of people say that you selling candy canes on the same day that we
163. d want it immediately but like the thought that you could just die from or you could cos the thing is then it could advance in later stages and then you ' re left with like stage four cancer yeah you don ' t know about it and you ' re like shit cos i i did lung cancer for my er issue report last year yeah yeah and like it it ' s you ' re so
164. is then it could advance in later stages and then you ' re left with like stage four cancer yeah you don ' t know about it and you ' re like shit cos i i did lung cancer for my er issue report last year yeah yeah and like it it ' s you ' re so fucked basically that ' s what it is that ' s awful if if you get lung cancer you ' re
165. did lung cancer for my er issue report last year yeah yeah and like it it ' s you ' re so fucked basically that ' s what it is that ' s awful if if you get lung cancer you ' re so fucked really? yeah i thought i did i did childhood leukaemia and the like survival rates now are like ninety percent yeah yeah that ' s the thing like oh if all all
166. and the like survival rates now are like ninety percent yeah yeah that ' s the thing like oh if all all for things like leukaemia they ' re really high yeah but for things like lung cancer it erm smoking - based lung cancer yeah is really er really high er death rate because it ' s really high hard to notice yeah yeah so because it develops in different cells than normal yeah does it
167. ninety percent yeah yeah that ' s the thing like oh if all all for things like leukaemia they ' re really high yeah but for things like lung cancer it erm smoking - based lung cancer yeah is really er really high er death rate because it ' s really high hard to notice yeah yeah so because it develops in different cells than normal yeah does it relapse after with some people do
175. i mean like yeah they ' re rich chchcharities for cancer earn like hundreds and hundreds of millions every year and it ' s not actually in their interest to actually find a cure for cancer cos then they ' ll stop getting all that money yeah i know so hang on one second just just a little bit sceptical just told i ' m busy and i ' m popping out his
181. just say hey you know look at me i ' ve got no makeup but i still look really pretty and i want mm everyone to tell me i look great but not really talk about how to avoid cancer it ' s just saying don ' t think about cancer but some people would some people wouldn ' t be doing it some people wouldn ' t be doing it for the right reasons no of course and they
182. got no makeup but i still look really pretty and i want mm everyone to tell me i look great but not really talk about how to avoid cancer it ' s just saying don ' t think about cancer but some people would some people wouldn ' t be doing it some people wouldn ' t be doing it for the right reasons no of course and they ' ll be doing it for from a s maybe a
194. special they ' re trying something new with her so she has to go to every wednesday for a dose does she? of oh right steroids and chemo and oh right as he is it breast cancer she ' s got? no ovarian cancer ovarian cancer? erm yeah i think it ' s not ovarian the other one in that area yeah erm mm and she i
195. she has to go to every wednesday for a dose does she? of oh right steroids and chemo and oh right as he is it breast cancer she ' s got? no ovarian cancer ovarian cancer? erm yeah i think it ' s not ovarian the other one in that area yeah erm mm and she i mean she looks she looks well i mean she i
196. to every wednesday for a dose does she? of oh right steroids and chemo and oh right as he is it breast cancer she ' s got? no ovarian cancer ovarian cancer? erm yeah i think it ' s not ovarian the other one in that area yeah erm mm and she i mean she looks she looks well i mean she i know she wears a
199. mum said it was something to do with chlamydia or does no it ' s not can chlamydia it ' s not to do with contribute chlamydia to having cervical cancer? i don ' t know but i i ' m pretty sure it ' s the cervical cancer jab right that ' s i don ' t know what it does i don ' t even know how
200. can chlamydia it ' s not to do with contribute chlamydia to having cervical cancer? i don ' t know but i i ' m pretty sure it ' s the cervical cancer jab right that ' s i don ' t know what it does i don ' t even know how they can stop the mutation of cells from happening well no i don ' t get it that '
205. ' t wanna do what i did to my soup that time and burnt it s it was foul exa this is my problem that was extreme what i ' ll do that was cancer yeah it was cancer if i ' d ever seen it in my life i did the i did the same though i then wondered why my soup tasted of burning why does my soup taste of burning? and then when i got
208. ##s you know? yeah yeah it ' s fine i think do doctors have started prescribing it to be honest yes i think so and and side portion of ham cancer sausages ham and cancer sausages ham and cancer sausages yeah you haven ' t got any cancer sausages left have you? no no no none of those left now good god now i ' ve f i ' ve eaten
209. yeah it ' s fine i think do doctors have started prescribing it to be honest yes i think so and and side portion of ham cancer sausages ham and cancer sausages ham and cancer sausages yeah you haven ' t got any cancer sausages left have you? no no no none of those left now good god now i ' ve f i ' ve eaten all my cancer sausages
210. started prescribing it to be honest yes i think so and and side portion of ham cancer sausages ham and cancer sausages ham and cancer sausages yeah you haven ' t got any cancer sausages left have you? no no no none of those left now good god now i ' ve f i ' ve eaten all my cancer sausages obviously keep up i ' ve eaten all the cancer
211. and cancer sausages yeah you haven ' t got any cancer sausages left have you? no no no none of those left now good god now i ' ve f i ' ve eaten all my cancer sausages obviously keep up i ' ve eaten all the cancer that ' s that ' s some i wouldn ' t that around obviously it ' s the first thing to go with all the good stuff can
215. s protective against quite a few illnesses and yeah and some some it ' s like with the cancer studies often you get you say that this some study will say that it ' s that it helps against cancer but another study will say that it can actually make can actually have no effect or can actually increase the chance of cancer and there ' s a lot of complicated uh things about that and these sorts of things
216. you say that this some study will say that it ' s that it helps against cancer but another study will say that it can actually make can actually have no effect or can actually increase the chance of cancer and there ' s a lot of complicated uh things about that and these sorts of things take a long time cos you have to do loads and loads of experiments i suppose yeah yes there are yeah yes
225. did she have erm oh did she worry a lot? and i said yeah my mum worried like crazy about everyone everything and er she said oh did she have like spleen or did she have cancer in the spleen or something like this? i went it well not spleen but pancreas very nearby and she said mm and i went why? and this wasn ' t even before she started
229. cancer first got diagnosed in greece cos they missed it here yes and erm said then you you know this was ages later and she went to have erm er a a breast check for breast cancer as mm you do when you get to a certain age and erm mm and she said she was joking with the nurses cos she was saying well i should think er it ' s working m the
230. ##m mm and she said she was joking with the nurses cos she was saying well i should think er it ' s working m the way up my body she said i i ' ve had cervical cancer i ' ve had ovarian cancer so now it ' s now it ' s br time for breast cancer and she s they they kind of the nurses couldn ' t believe that she was making a
231. with the nurses cos she was saying well i should think er it ' s working m the way up my body she said i i ' ve had cervical cancer i ' ve had ovarian cancer so now it ' s now it ' s br time for breast cancer and she s they they kind of the nurses couldn ' t believe that she was making a almost a joke out of it yeah but
232. ' s working m the way up my body she said i i ' ve had cervical cancer i ' ve had ovarian cancer so now it ' s now it ' s br time for breast cancer and she s they they kind of the nurses couldn ' t believe that she was making a almost a joke out of it yeah but then there was also kind of a sense of well if it ' s
234. bad because it shouldn ' t happen that mm shouldn ' t happen to anybody yeah the it doesn ' t need to happen yeah you know it ' s not no no it ' s bad enough having cancer but having someone that ' s not bothered to but i would diagnose it i would expect it and i think our nxs nhs is brilliant but i don ' t expect i i think that
238. about cancer isn ' t it really is that you ' ve got to suffer for it you suffer you can suffer for quite a while with it well dad ' s granddad ' s wasn ' t cancer oh granddad ' s wasn ' t cancer no it was asbestosis yeah well if i follow my original prediction i ' ve only got six years yeah you said thirty - five didn ' t you yeah
239. you ' ve got to suffer for it you suffer you can suffer for quite a while with it well dad ' s granddad ' s wasn ' t cancer oh granddad ' s wasn ' t cancer no it was asbestosis yeah well if i follow my original prediction i ' ve only got six years yeah you said thirty - five didn ' t you yeah when i first met years ago i had this
254. and then there ' d been this mm but anyway just before half - term i spoke to her and erm she ' d been rushed into hospital and diagnosed with pneumonia so i immediately think oh no cancer of the lung it ' s come back mm but they gave her antibiotics and they let her out erm and that was only the week before half - term so we ' re only talking two weeks ago
258. to his lungs and various other places mm oother tumours settled see and that and that ' s inmeimmediately made me think oh god they ' re gonna say lung cancer mm cos she ' s been coughing all summer but mm and part of me still thinks oh let ' s hope they you know it hasn ' t spread there as well cos the mm the more
261. a book he had erm he ' s in his early fifties and he ' s a rather interesting character gay and clever german and er he suddenly got cancer or the suddenly was erm diagnosed with cancer of the er thyroid and within a rather short time er he happened to be diagnosed while he had three surgeons spending the weekend with him or something like that so he had it all done privately and it was
262. s where your father died? yeah really? yeah he had a is that? he had a brain operation he had oh yeah it ' s there was apparently no hope and it ' s it was cancer brain cancer and i think it spread everywhere there ' s no hope erm erm the last time i saw him he was lying in bed there with a bandaged head the last time oh i '
265. a a er it ' s not a a a a a bin er what do they call what ' s the opposite of benign? malignant i don ' t think it ' s malignant skin cancer i think it probably is a skin cancer but i don ' t think it is erm malignant malignant i think it ' s er and there ' s a vast array of stuff you get them
266. a a a a bin er what do they call what ' s the opposite of benign? malignant i don ' t think it ' s malignant skin cancer i think it probably is a skin cancer but i don ' t think it is erm malignant malignant i think it ' s er and there ' s a vast array of stuff you get them with flaps growing on your skin and stuff
268. i wasn ' t i wasn ' t exaggerating erm she was very she was very very ill she managed to she managed to turn the corner erm the sickness was the fact that the cancer had spread into her bones can she do that again though is the question is it just gonna keep coming back? yeah it ' s gonna come back so yes i have to be pragmatic and think
270. remember what the name is? basal cell carcinoma which is not at all very aggressive what does that mean? it ' s a very it ' s one of the least aggressive forms of skin cancer okay so very benign yeah yeah so and very treatable that ' s the thing nowadays cancer obviously it ' s still got that those feelings of attached to the word cancer hasn ' t it? but a
271. what does that mean? it ' s a very it ' s one of the least aggressive forms of skin cancer okay so very benign yeah yeah so and very treatable that ' s the thing nowadays cancer obviously it ' s still got that those feelings of attached to the word cancer hasn ' t it? but a lot of cancers are treatable nowadays i don ' t think it needs to be so scary
272. the least aggressive forms of skin cancer okay so very benign yeah yeah so and very treatable that ' s the thing nowadays cancer obviously it ' s still got that those feelings of attached to the word cancer hasn ' t it? but a lot of cancers are treatable nowadays i don ' t think it needs to be so scary we ' ll i ' ve lost em my mum ' s sister one of
285. why you know i asked you about your mother i ' m sorry i didn ' t mean to be nosy about the cancer that she had and i said and she said because has pancreatic cancer mm is that what your mum died of? oh and they ' ve known since august oh and he ' s going to start the chemo oh but it ' s already spread oh like it did with
291. all those results well apparently half the family this is what said erm cos said said well you know at the end of the day how how bad can it get? erm might have lung cancer i might have breast cancer and ' s got a heart problem oh my goodness so i don ' t i ' ll have to find out i ' ve is in tomorrow or did she give wednesdays up
292. half the family this is what said erm cos said said well you know at the end of the day how how bad can it get? erm might have lung cancer i might have breast cancer and ' s got a heart problem oh my goodness so i don ' t i ' ll have to find out i ' ve is in tomorrow or did she give wednesdays up? how old is?
296. up like that so you know some people think that telomere is might be the key to ageing in cancer? erm in what way? stops the process by which cells es so especially cancer cells lengthen their telomeres erm wwhat do you mean by? shortening them and making them go away is it? cancer cancer cells wwhen they replicate very prolifically er
298. stops the process by which cells es so especially cancer cells lengthen their telomeres erm wwhat do you mean by? shortening them and making them go away is it? cancer cancer cells wwhen they replicate very prolifically erm oh yeah and then if yep so if their if their so if their their ability to hold on to their telomeres is disruptive to the
300. ' t preventing adultery they were actually invented by brbritish people to prevent kind of what do they call it? dangerous masturbation there you go bit weird really do you know sharks get skin cancer? sharks? yeah no they do like so much that they die i mean bad skin cancer they get does this mean that sharks don ' t get cancer? they do particularly skin cancer mm so yeah you
301. do they call it? dangerous masturbation there you go bit weird really do you know sharks get skin cancer? sharks? yeah no they do like so much that they die i mean bad skin cancer they get does this mean that sharks don ' t get cancer? they do particularly skin cancer mm so yeah you know if you listen to this back you ' d be talking a like about analysing
302. bit weird really do you know sharks get skin cancer? sharks? yeah no they do like so much that they die i mean bad skin cancer they get does this mean that sharks don ' t get cancer? they do particularly skin cancer mm so yeah you know if you listen to this back you ' d be talking a like about analysing or if they were analysing male to female kind of
303. sharks get skin cancer? sharks? yeah no they do like so much that they die i mean bad skin cancer they get does this mean that sharks don ' t get cancer? they do particularly skin cancer mm so yeah you know if you listen to this back you ' d be talking a like about analysing or if they were analysing male to female kind of you ' d be totally dominant
307. he ' s been in so much pain what was up with him? i don ' t i don ' t actually know he had cancer it it what it was it was it was some kind of cancer but it was cancer for ages he went to die in like aggressive yeah he went to die in like two months and it ' s it ' s dragged on for like a year and a half aye '
308. in so much pain what was up with him? i don ' t i don ' t actually know he had cancer it it what it was it was it was some kind of cancer but it was cancer for ages he went to die in like aggressive yeah he went to die in like two months and it ' s it ' s dragged on for like a year and a half aye ' s mum erm
315. i ' m not going that far i mean i you know you do have to be an idiot to smoke it ' s not a good thing on the other hand and you know you can get lung cancer but all drugs have side effects and because smoking ' s so dangerous the side effects are good i hope you don ' t smoke not properly no try not to because you it ' s very easy to get
318. just wanna have a test you know? happy that would actually be really funny i might do it really won ' t i had the worst ever i had like got really convinced that i had testicular cancer at school i just had to go to the doctor i thought i had aids when i was at school because i read this article about how someone got aids from like a club somebody remember when there was that
333. ##factor fifteen on my face yeah? cos i ' ve actually even got like since i was in the desert in last year yeah er they ' re not cancerous and they ' re not cancer but you can tell they ' re like erm what do you call them? sun spots? yeah i probably can get them burnt off yeah at the moment you can ' t see them no but i
352. like really really short what you gonna do with your hair? you could ssend it off send it off to a charity or yeah i ' m gonna do that yeah giving it to cancer oh right cancer yeah oh that ' s brilliant but i ' m not raising it for that i ' m raising it cos i ' m going to uganda so oh so it ' s not for charity? as well
362. yeah i ' d never call mum as a witness would ' ve been done wouldn ' t he? yeah yeah but had bowel cancer this cannot be a lighthearted topic dad and had bowel cancer i thought he had oesophagus cancer he did it was well s that ' s a bowel isn ' t it? it ' s his no it ' s just down no your bow
363. would ' ve been done wouldn ' t he? yeah yeah but had bowel cancer this cannot be a lighthearted topic dad and had bowel cancer i thought he had oesophagus cancer he did it was well s that ' s a bowel isn ' t it? it ' s his no it ' s just down no your bowel is down here your oesophagus
368. in a different way mm and they ' re all naturally naturally produced if i mean er in lots of countries where they ' ve proven that they eat all this type of thing there ' s hardly any cancer far fewer cancers mm yeah whereas in this country you ' ve got one in two chance of catching getting cancer in your lifetime don ' t you? well that ' s right yeah in your whole lifetime yeah
369. where they ' ve proven that they eat all this type of thing there ' s hardly any cancer far fewer cancers mm yeah whereas in this country you ' ve got one in two chance of catching getting cancer in your lifetime don ' t you? well that ' s right yeah in your whole lifetime yeah i mean that ' s pretty pretty short odds innit? yeah that is isn ' t it? any
370. it ' s all rubbish isn ' t it? anyway not an issue to you no i don ' t smoke it ' s had a huge im a huge impact on people die of heart attacks and cancer well lung cancer ' s the most common cancer isn ' t it? is it? it ' s the most poorly treated i thought pancreatic is the more poorly treated i don ' t think pan
371. all rubbish isn ' t it? anyway not an issue to you no i don ' t smoke it ' s had a huge im a huge impact on people die of heart attacks and cancer well lung cancer ' s the most common cancer isn ' t it? is it? it ' s the most poorly treated i thought pancreatic is the more poorly treated i don ' t think pancreatic '
372. ? anyway not an issue to you no i don ' t smoke it ' s had a huge im a huge impact on people die of heart attacks and cancer well lung cancer ' s the most common cancer isn ' t it? is it? it ' s the most poorly treated i thought pancreatic is the more poorly treated i don ' t think pancreatic ' s as common is it?
374. these carbon tubes called fullerenes you ' ll be able to direct medicine medicine directly to cells so like okay so like so like the cancerous cells? yeah so you so say with like not just cancer but like all types of cells like you know if you take a medicine it might damage your other cells and get you a bit groggy? in like the future hopefully it ' ll just be able
376. ' t really have much time to spend with her when she was dying so no no but it was so quick you know it was so it was just one of those aggressive cancers and mm it was cancer of the pancreas? it was and then it spread into the liver and i think that maybe the lung and you know it it was just yes how long did she have from the time she knew
380. and she said to me i think i ' ve got cancer this was before she lost the really lost her that the use of her legs yes erm she said yeah i think i ' ve got cancer or i ' ve got what granny had now my my granny had a a sort of musmuscular dystrophy atrophy it was one of those it was one of those ones that
383. have them removed or however whatever they do i wonder if we if if well i suppose it will show whether the hpv jab works or not yeah cos technically we shouldn ' t get cervical cancer should we? or very very much less likely yeah reduced chance of getting it so we ' ll see where did we have it? did we have that in our arms yeah we did have it in our
386. else mm dies of cancer? doesn ' t smoke doesn ' t take drugs sad innit? and then other people who smoke and take drugs and get nothing mm not that smoking means you should get cancer that ' s not what i ' m saying but you know like somebody who really shouldn ' t and is a good person just gets cancer and dies it ' s not very karma for you is it?
398. doesn ' t get cancer at all so it lives er that ' s why everyone ' s really interested in it cos obviously the biggest cause of death erm once you hit a certain age is cancer erm so yeah so the rea i guess the reason i ' m saying all this is we just are finding these at the moment we know about these sort of markers and we know erm that
402. cos because she ' s a gynaecologist and that and she ' s knows a lot of when my mum had to go and see the oncologist when we found out it was cancer which takes eight weeks before we knew she actually got cancer uh - huh erm erm said to my mum let me know when your appointment is and i ' ll meet you there ah and she took
403. and that and she ' s knows a lot of when my mum had to go and see the oncologist when we found out it was cancer which takes eight weeks before we knew she actually got cancer uh - huh erm erm said to my mum let me know when your appointment is and i ' ll meet you there ah and she took the time out of it she got her husband to take
421. no they they never tell you do they? just everything ' s just they ' re very mysterious about it aren ' t they? i wonder if it was suicide it no listen i think her breast cancer returned do you think? yeah didid we read that? breast no i didn ' t but i think that was right yeah cos generally speaking once you ' ve got secondaries from breast cancer stay
422. cancer returned do you think? yeah didid we read that? breast no i didn ' t but i think that was right yeah cos generally speaking once you ' ve got secondaries from breast cancer stay down good girl good girl that ' s your lot you don ' t if unless they can get it in the primary stage if you get secondaries from breast cancer you don ' t that ' s
423. ve got secondaries from breast cancer stay down good girl good girl that ' s your lot you don ' t if unless they can get it in the primary stage if you get secondaries from breast cancer you don ' t that ' s it that ' s what well not generally that ' s the rule yeah awful isn ' t it? mm so unless her breast cancer came back as another primary if it
424. you get secondaries from breast cancer you don ' t that ' s it that ' s what well not generally that ' s the rule yeah awful isn ' t it? mm so unless her breast cancer came back as another primary if it came back as a secondary from her first one that would have been her chips yeah would be up mate she wasn ' t very old was she really? sixty how old
428. another test and it turned out that obviously had congestion of the lungs she went to the hospital they said we want you to go to the hospital now so she went and it turned out to be lung cancer but secondary was s was she was she a smoker? no no no no but it was secondary the i think it turned out to be erm a brain tumour or something and obviously the the
430. and do you know the different kinds of leukaemia? erm did you know that? no there are some that are very aggressive so like oh yeah it ' s a it ' s a cancer of the blood yeah did you know that? cancer of the blood cells and some of slow like his is slow uhu erm so he ' s gonna have to have another treatment but in the meantime
431. ##emia? erm did you know that? no there are some that are very aggressive so like oh yeah it ' s a it ' s a cancer of the blood yeah did you know that? cancer of the blood cells and some of slow like his is slow uhu erm so he ' s gonna have to have another treatment but in the meantime he ' s still quite very tired and everything because
433. it ' s not something that you sh you know that erm there ' s adverts on the radio erm i gave you my mum ' s given you a bit of a spanking cancer and all that sort of stuff it ' s a sort of er condition that erm er er that a lot of people survive cancer but erm er a lot of people die from it as well yeah
434. you my mum ' s given you a bit of a spanking cancer and all that sort of stuff it ' s a sort of er condition that erm er er that a lot of people survive cancer but erm er a lot of people die from it as well yeah some cancers they d have made no little or no progress er pancreatic cancer being one of them well i apologise
435. ##m er er that a lot of people survive cancer but erm er a lot of people die from it as well yeah some cancers they d have made no little or no progress er pancreatic cancer being one of them well i apologise anyway no there ' s nothing to apologise for you ddealt a card it happened to be on there that was it really it '
441. at least it would make that better yeah and this must be giving cancer to countless people don ' t say that er? it is they they just had the er the youngest person ever to get lung cancer didn ' t they? yeah in it ' s like a four - year - old a little girl or something yeah well i ' ll turn this that ' s really sad i ' ll turn this off
443. feel that this is a mission it i mean that ' s gonna kill you well i mean yes but it would he was not happy it is gonna kill you it ' s gonna give you bloody skin cancer i mean that ' s what mummy ' s got it now i mean and hello your mum ' s got it sorry but that ' s why but you know it ' s like well oh isn ' t
451. ' d had so many chemo like she ' d been through it all and they ' d like know that experience and then this wasn ' t even that wasn ' t even the worst type of cancer and like i think yeah if it ' s your first cancer then you ' re definitely gonna go for the treatment but when you ' ve like been plagued with it for like fourteen years but i think like
452. through it all and they ' d like know that experience and then this wasn ' t even that wasn ' t even the worst type of cancer and like i think yeah if it ' s your first cancer then you ' re definitely gonna go for the treatment but when you ' ve like been plagued with it for like fourteen years but i think like her brother that like cos like was talking about and she

Cluster 2
6. of eggs we lose whenever we have periods? like that ' s the exact same thing you ' re losing when you have an abortion like it ' s fucking stupid yeah that egg could ' ve cured cancer bye bye yeah exactly just just stop and you flushed it down the toilet how do you feel about that? imagine like the sperms competing like yeah no i must get there and it ' s like i
14. he just what happened? oh that ' s right my friend in northern ireland is ' s ex they ' re ex boyfriends mm and ' s mum was dying and has now died but she had cancer and was very sick and was messaging this is while we were still friends in inverted commas and he asked me to get a bunch of flowers for for just you know mm as a a show of his
15. ' s when it all got a bit pear - shaped uhu okay and was the evil alcoholic erm and she was there with her for ten years and i think that ' s probably when her cancer started uhu she should ' ve got the hell out of there sooner but i don ' t think her parents or her friends really liked it sounds like she wasn ' t a particularly nice person so god
16. nice person so god knows what was doing with her anyway erm yeah that was kind of when that w all all happened so when we got married erm my mum was sick in the uk with cancer ' s mum wasn ' t really very mm approving so we just didn ' t tell anyone mm then we realised we needed a couple of witnesses erm so we asked and ' s work colleagues nice
17. off and did it on a friday afternoon in city hall and a lot of it was about sort of getting the paperwork because we mm had a fair idea that wouldn ' t live much longer with her cancer and in fact she made it another two years after our wedding mm erm so we wanted to make sure we had that paperwork in place erm but it turned into you know we really felt something on
18. t for avon oh okay you know they don ' t okay don ' t get involved in children are grown up now mm thirty - two and thirty - four but erm but anyway she had breast cancer oh all that was sorted and done didn ' t cope with it very well he ' s got parkinson ' s disease didn ' t cope with it very well i think it sort of erm speeded
19. and erm i can ' t remember what she said now she said oh she said er they ' re marvellous people these blah blah blah erm and she said my neighbour ' s suffering with cancer at the moment erm she said oh it ' s a long story blah blah blah anyway she didn ' t go into the full detail of the story but the little bit she was telling me in order
20. into the full detail of the story but the little bit she was telling me in order to tell me this sort of situation he ' s forty - one i think oh gosh he ' s got cancer he ' s got literally six months to live max erm his wife committed suicide recently? i don ' t know when but she committed suicide oh he ' s got children oh i think they ' re
22. she doesn ' t then she ends up you know being sick or just feeling so sick that she can ' t do anything they are so stingy with them and i think if she ' s got cancer you know come on give her the bloody tablets mm mm yeah absolutely i just i just think it ' s so bad mm anyway yeah absolutely so i think she ' s worried about that erm so she
35. and when i got burnt at the car boot the other week my colleague said to me the next day you look so much better with like colour on you i was like that but i ' ve got cancer let ' s all move to bloody barbados barbados so ' s off literally in two months? oh huh she ' s b yeah she says she ' s booked her flights f for the f something of june
36. levels or anything i ' d be naughty if my parents died would you? and his well his mum is still alive at this point but then his mum dies what of? his mum died of breast cancer i think that ' s stupid have you just made that up? i think it ' s some sort of cancer so then he ' s he ' s just making it up just staring at his mum like
42. yeah yeah? does she play cards too? no to help him out? she goes she goes out with the er brings the girls like mm during the week her lady friends and she just got over cancer oh did she? yeah some sort or form of cancer anyway yeah some sort no dear oh dear is she the same age as him more or less? yeah i think she ' s a bit younger so
43. help him out? she goes she goes out with the er brings the girls like mm during the week her lady friends and she just got over cancer oh did she? yeah some sort or form of cancer anyway yeah some sort no dear oh dear is she the same age as him more or less? yeah i think she ' s a bit younger so about i five or six years younger everyone keeps getting older
44. now on borrowed time mm well obvious yeah people go so young nowadays don ' t they? yeah i ' ve had a lot of friends that have lost their mums in their forties now from cancer yeah yeah or their dads yeah strokes in your forties fifties i think my generation is going to be pretty bad we haven ' t taken very good care of ourselves as a as a whole i mean
46. ? seems to be well mostly cos it ' s kinda recognised isn ' t it? but i don ' t know are mm osteopaths not considered another thing? no anyway eventually had cancer and died oh i didn ' t need him again as as it happened i didn ' t oh but i know yeah but erm i do remember that i don ' t know how he ' d had
47. mm yeah to say have you and i thought heard what? no i haven ' t and i ' m i ' m really shocked and mm what a shame because nobody knew he was ill he had cancer didn ' t he? no no he had he was only he ' s only just had his sixty - ninth birthday and he ' d released his oh latest album only a couple of days yeah well he
48. you know we seem as though we ' ve had you know notice on the telly about different there ' s been quite a lot of people that have died this month both sixty - nine died of cancer who? bowie was sixty - nine died of cancer and so was alan rickman yeah sixty - nine alan rickman yeah sixty - nine cancer mm and er that ' s the week before there was er
49. you know notice on the telly about different there ' s been quite a lot of people that have died this month both sixty - nine died of cancer who? bowie was sixty - nine died of cancer and so was alan rickman yeah sixty - nine alan rickman yeah sixty - nine cancer mm and er that ' s the week before there was er a guy called lemmy who was a guitarist er
51. know he was at the other end of the spectrum but i just think it ' s such a sad thing and we were talking about it and yeah oh how ' s he died then? he has cancer they said just a short battle with cancer another one? another one? yes well he he was he was cos he didn ' t do children in need this time did he? he didn ' t
52. the spectrum but i just think it ' s such a sad thing and we were talking about it and yeah oh how ' s he died then? he has cancer they said just a short battle with cancer another one? another one? yes well he he was he was cos he didn ' t do children in need this time did he? he didn ' t present children in need last november which apparently
55. of all the and all that sort of stuff and current affairs yeah yeah okay yeah just all of the usual really yeah she ' s um gardening and she ' s got a friend who ' s got cancer and it ' s really yeah it ' s pretty um pretty serious got some sort of rare cancer oh god um and she ' s been helping her out she ' s an author mm she ' s been
56. the usual really yeah she ' s um gardening and she ' s got a friend who ' s got cancer and it ' s really yeah it ' s pretty um pretty serious got some sort of rare cancer oh god um and she ' s been helping her out she ' s an author mm she ' s been helping her out with a bit of like sorting her life out basically yeah but i think it obviously
64. s a it ' s a strange er you know it ' s a very long journey you go on from er from being too worried to say the word to to i mean that you ' ve got cancer you know you just can ' t be squeamish cos there ' s lots of stuff that ' s gonna happen to you and erm you know n it ' s none of it '
86. symptoms of having ovarian cancer well i mean i was gonna comment on that because erm when i was in my er when i was about thirty my next door neighbour died of ovarian cancer and she was a erm she was quite a challenging woman cos she was really highly strung and really nervous and she she did panic she had a sort of quite a lot of ocd and and
88. said by them or interpreted by them to be a sign of her neuroticism and h and her borderline sort of hysteria but when the fact that her getting to stage four ovarian cancer without being diagnosed so by the time she was diagnosed she was she ' d had it she was done for erm and you know so this is actually this is actually bloody scary stuff because everybody knows with
148. visit tomorrow pick up they ' re doing two days and then if wants any help there there might be a job or any sort of potential income he said oh says that ' s wife ' s got cancer mm again yeah and that they ' ve got a young lad or youngish ' s age i didn ' t realise that ' s sad isn ' t it? yeah no yeah yeah yeah ' s told
149. die of a heart attack and probably forty per cent gonna die of a stroke yeah then you know twenty per cent gonna die of twenty per cent is die of something else you know yeah yeah die of cancer you know cos that that ' s how the figures come out you know? when you ' re that age you ' re gonna die of something well of course you are so we ain ' t got
150. no i don ' t really like swimming that much i used to go i used to go a lot it ' s funny in different phases that you have in life when my partner was really sick with cancer and i was still going to work every day rather than come home faff about and go to the gym of an evening mm i used to bunk off work quite a bit actually i used to say i
151. i was running at that point before my knees completely gave up mm and yeah i found it really necessary to have that time and that space and when m i was in england with my mum and her cancer and going between her flat and the hospice a lot i was forever getting groupon deals for local gyms to go and run yeah and it just seemed so necessary to have that outlet for myself and that
154. inseminated oh ch no mm hm awkward and she ' s engaged at the time oh no and the father of the baby that was the only chance he can have as a baby because he had cancer before so that ' s all the sperm he had left oh no so his scheming wi cause his wife wanted to get pregnant because the father and the wife are like having issues it ' s like
159. parents it ' s a very dysfunctional family yeah his parents are sort of heading for a break - up his grandfather and grandmother are living in the house as well his grandfather ' s seriously ill with cancer but he doesn ' t know that and yeah the grandson has been told he ' s got anaemia and that ' s it but he ' s obviously you know he ' s on his yeah way out
161. in she ' s fifty something now and she come up in the day mm and you know it was so funny because she said is here? and i said ill now ain ' t she got secondary cancer oh mm she said to me is erm here? i said no he ' s away working at the moment and he said do you remember any she he used to think i was his little sister?
162. ' s inhaling the dust that does the damage but it ' s really scary cos you don ' t find out that you ' ve got erm asbosasbestosis erm lung cancer twenty or thirty years afterwards yeah and like you like you not that you ' d want it immediately but like the thought that you could just die from or you could cos the thing is then it could
170. parents well whatever way which we but they always came here and we asked my brother for years and he never come down and the final time i asked him was when i knew that my mum had got cancer and knew she wouldn ' t be around for much longer i don ' t think he knew and i said please come down and he wouldn ' t he wouldn ' t come down can ' t afford it
184. to? yeah that ' s right cos there might become a day when she ' s quite like to read all of that but she said something like erm we i think you know he had cancer for a couple of two months or something and she said we planned his final months mm and facebook wasn ' t a part of that plan so mm i read a rea a good thing in the guardian
185. was east anglia east angular is that abroad? is that abroad? it ' s abroad innit? she was smart she ' s she was in mm she ' s no more she died from cervical cancer i remember when that happened in my first year of uni she died mm yeah it was really shocking wasn ' t it? but she found out on big brother that she had cancer yeah she found out
186. died from cervical cancer i remember when that happened in my first year of uni she died mm yeah it was really shocking wasn ' t it? but she found out on big brother that she had cancer yeah she found out then? yeah they ' d given she was in india she ' d taken a test before and they got the test results whilst she was in there oh how and they must have realised
189. s like signing your life away and when she said the other day she said there was nothing wrong with him his liver was perfect he was really fit you could say to her look he ' s had cancer he ' s had a big operation and he wasn ' t really fit really his insides were not she wasn ' t in a i i wouldn ' t i wouldn ' t have said wouldn ' t have
190. a nice bloke who doesn ' t? about mm mm there ' s no one who doesn ' t remember him fondly but isn ' t it erm didn ' t he have a cancer of the oesophagus? was that what it was? yeah i know everything wasn ' t quite as it should have been and they were trying they were trying some you know but i mean
191. how you doing? and i said and u and for a second you sort of think oh yeah bit of a cold and i thought no better not cos the guy yeah bit of a cold versus cancer the guy ' s been fighting cancer for like ten years sure enough he ' s a post - op recovery may ' ve taken a bit more out of him oh but he ' s still in the garden
192. and u and for a second you sort of think oh yeah bit of a cold and i thought no better not cos the guy yeah bit of a cold versus cancer the guy ' s been fighting cancer for like ten years sure enough he ' s a post - op recovery may ' ve taken a bit more out of him oh but he ' s still in the garden oh but you know don ' t
193. was may time last may when i saw yeah? so it ' s like been twelve months and just a ca a catch up was looking well still having yeah? er still having her treatment for her cancer or whatever is she? oh so it ' s in remission but she ' s on a she ' s on a special they ' re trying something new with her so she has to go to every
201. one which was the sister of that one died when she was like four or five i think ah that ' s sad how did? yeah they had a pair of them and they both died of throat cancer oh i think we when we got them they were quite old already mm and then we had them for probably about ten five or ten years after that mm no my cats are pretty good the only thing they
202. s interesting goodbye mm it ' s only c because i know him yeah but not just that i mean even if it wasn ' t a prison thing even if it was a and i ' ve had cancer mm or or my mum ' s a crazy person mhm even if it was something as little as that mm my mum is a crackers person i don ' t speak to her because she needs section
221. was away in brazil that was it mm and then his parents are quite elderly and they live mm about five miles away so he spends the weekend with his parents oh i see his mother ' s got cancer oh or ki recovering actually but anyway so he ' s kind of in and out and he ' s away now he ' s off to new york again yeah and and he ' s got a spare room
223. certain clues like my my mum mum and dad would mm your mood yeah yeah gives you the silent treatment oh dear so he can ' t deal with illness right or or anything so like when i had cancer when i was in hospital for my bowel disease when i have to go in to hospital like last thursday you know he he just cuts you off shuts it out yeah it ' s too much co
224. that ' s quite hurtful in a way because you feel like you need his support yeah yeah but you know you ' re not gonna get it oh gosh and when i was going through the cancer he would talk to everybody about how upset he was and you know how he was worried and this that and the other but never once said it to me but never to you so you had to hear it
228. ##ivity mm around but it doesn ' t affect her but also cos there was a kind of acceptance cos she ' s saying to me we she was talking about how sh er her when her cancer first got diagnosed in greece cos they missed it here yes and erm said then you you know this was ages later and she went to have erm er a a breast check for breast cancer as
235. a bit like that wasn ' t he? he had it in his head that he wa he was cos his dad died suddenly at sixty something well it wasn ' t sudden he had erm cancer oh right oh okay he had er prostate cancer oh and he died at sixty sixty - five i think so granddad was just me my dad was yeah convinced he would erm die at the same age
236. he had it in his head that he wa he was cos his dad died suddenly at sixty something well it wasn ' t sudden he had erm cancer oh right oh okay he had er prostate cancer oh and he died at sixty sixty - five i think so granddad was just me my dad was yeah convinced he would erm die at the same age mm i mean he was seventy - three yeah
240. hard it ' s so the emotional yeah er you ' d get with that it ' s just yeah well tenfold isn ' t it? yeah yeah so did he erm did he have er cancer? or was he? well he had prostate cancer right erm but er he actually d he was he had pneumonia quite badly on and off and he actually died they said it was er copd i
241. ' d get with that it ' s just yeah well tenfold isn ' t it? yeah yeah so did he erm did he have er cancer? or was he? well he had prostate cancer right erm but er he actually d he was he had pneumonia quite badly on and off and he actually died they said it was er copd i think which is er like the lungs yeah so he
242. thinking now i should know who else ' s funeral i ' ve been to erm i was gonna say there ' s been er oh yeah and who used to run the rea oh she had cancer yeah she had cancer that ' s right yeah you know yes i heard about that yeah so her funeral as well oh sad isn ' t it? and that was the week before the ball at that they
243. know who else ' s funeral i ' ve been to erm i was gonna say there ' s been er oh yeah and who used to run the rea oh she had cancer yeah she had cancer that ' s right yeah you know yes i heard about that yeah so her funeral as well oh sad isn ' t it? and that was the week before the ball at that they used to run at
245. the complete opposite result it doesn ' t feel like that at all do you think it ' s better to break up with me now? is this a better time? my sister ' s still got cancer it ' s gonna get worse not better i s i know i need surgery now i ' ll be on my own yeah i know was it gonna be was it better no it ' s not waiting six
247. cope about with these things in different ways yeah and one of the ways that i ' ve coped is by shutting myself away more than i would normally you mean about? there ' s been a cancer scare for me yeah stress moving here without a job like i got that sorted that yeah it ' s been stressful that one ' s a big one another big one arrogance you assume you ' re better
248. to just have a go at people it ' s a carluccio ' s breakfast yeah take that too are you sure? yeah of course how ' s your sister? she ' s okay the cancer came back again i told you didn ' t i? can i email her or is that not allowed? yeah you can even though we ' re not even though we ' re not gonna be in touch
249. i put the sender on the back so anyway she said could be up to three months it goes all the way out there now to be fair to it ' s true she had had that awful cancer diagnosis yes but anyway it said the books had arrived she never went to collect them downstairs and about two months later they all arrived back here they ' ve been all the way to australia and back dear that
253. you think anyway what are you thinking? i was worried it was about your friend oh it is oh i thought you were gonna say about ' s mum no it is you know my friend that had cancer? no mm last year and she had got over it or she ' s had a scan and it hadn ' t erm come b it it was okay right and she was fine but then through the
256. t you can ' t you can ' t can you? can ' t do anything yeah well there is yeah no no no there ' s a friend of ours in the and he had bowel cancer but he did have ten years so you know they did and the daughters were grown up so they were able to travel and to do this and yeah yeah you know he erm bought a mobile caravan and
257. oh no they did? because his i remember when he told us it was the end of a committee meeting any other business? yes ah oh no i ' ve got i ' ve got bowel cancer but he said oh he knew because it it ' s what his mother had and when he started with his symptoms he just thought he here we go so he was not surprised when he got that diagnosis really
259. you know this before we had kids and everything i remember seeing them and meeting her brother and his girlfriend and they were lovely and they got married and his wife her brother ' s wife died of breast cancer when she was only thirty - seven oh god and she was diagnosed when she was expecting their second child so they couldn ' t even start the treatment until you know? mm and she i think the baby
260. to have a gallery he ' s just published a book he had erm he ' s in his early fifties and he ' s a rather interesting character gay and clever german and er he suddenly got cancer or the suddenly was erm diagnosed with cancer of the er thyroid and within a rather short time er he happened to be diagnosed while he had three surgeons spending the weekend with him or something like that so
263. your father died? yeah really? yeah he had a is that? he had a brain operation he had oh yeah it ' s there was apparently no hope and it ' s it was cancer brain cancer and i think it spread everywhere there ' s no hope erm erm the last time i saw him he was lying in bed there with a bandaged head the last time oh i ' m sorry
267. you ' ve got not much chance but no you haven ' t that ' s a shame ain ' t it? heart attacks yeah who ' s that who had a heart attack? no died of cancer didn ' t she? that ' s all been on the news that woman from coronation street yeah but i i ' ve got absolutely no knowledge of her whatsoever no and she was supposed to be some national
273. of cancers are treatable nowadays i don ' t think it needs to be so scary we ' ll i ' ve lost em my mum ' s sister one of my mum ' s sisters died from cancer the other sister has just gone through a second you know she had cancer fifteen years ago and it ' s just reoccurred and so actually you know it ' s been quite traumatic and cos
274. be so scary we ' ll i ' ve lost em my mum ' s sister one of my mum ' s sisters died from cancer the other sister has just gone through a second you know she had cancer fifteen years ago and it ' s just reoccurred and so actually you know it ' s been quite traumatic and cos it ' s spread to she ' s had a kidney removed and it
275. s spread to she ' s had a kidney removed and it ' s been quite she ' s a single parent it ' s quite traumatic oh dear em and eh my auntie has just em had cancer near her thyroid so you know dodgy and that was a couple of weekends ago so i need to see her next weekend but that ' s so i don ' t take it lightly actually and my em
276. i had anyone close to her as my mother - in - law i ' d be the happiest person in the world she is like the perfect mum aw you know and and she died from cancer and so it came back and em oh dear so i sort of you know how how old was she? we ' re both scared of it she was about fifty - six really? yeah very young and
277. back and em oh dear so i sort of you know how how old was she? we ' re both scared of it she was about fifty - six really? yeah very young and what kind of cancer did she have? breast cancer again aw poor thing whereas my auntie who died my mum ' s sister you know hers like properly spread all over you know and that was that was a really long drawn
278. i sort of you know how how old was she? we ' re both scared of it she was about fifty - six really? yeah very young and what kind of cancer did she have? breast cancer again aw poor thing whereas my auntie who died my mum ' s sister you know hers like properly spread all over you know and that was that was a really long drawn - out affair because it started
282. give up i guess can ' t you like they ' ve done yeah yeah you can always try mm mm which neighbour ' s that? the one erm or both? the one who just got cancer actually who ' s oh that one? terminal mm yeah that ' s a shame mm mm but yeah grangrandma and grandpa were always like that weren ' t they? they mm yeah their neighbours
283. so i said what i said and then she was saying to me oh she says that ' s very sad she said oh you know how long did it take from when was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and i said well less than a month oh was it that and she welled up was it that short? she welled up yeah and almost i was like oh this is interesting for somebody who doesn
284. about so i just was and then she said and that ' s the reason why you know i asked you about your mother i ' m sorry i didn ' t mean to be nosy about the cancer that she had and i said and she said because has pancreatic cancer mm is that what your mum died of? oh and they ' ve known since august oh and he ' s going to start
286. ' ll never know goodness me renowned this is about reggie bosanquet not renowned for his gaffs and often slurred delivery he was nicknamed ronnie beaujolais he died of pancreatic cancer in eight - four and he was only fifty - one when he died he looked a lot older than that didn ' t he? that ' s what happens when you mm dad shut up dad who '
289. didn ' t want a hotel or anything just chats away eveveryone ' s equal you know he has no airs or graces so it should be ninice fella oh he had cancer for a long while he what? had cancer for a long while right but he got through it i i ' m i ' ve kind of touched something if you follow him you get free daily medication oh
290. chats away eveveryone ' s equal you know he has no airs or graces so it should be ninice fella oh he had cancer for a long while he what? had cancer for a long while right but he got through it i i ' m i ' ve kind of touched something if you follow him you get free daily medication oh i think you ' ve just you ' ve
293. get round the table ah and move her feet very well but she we had a long chat she was very a very chatty person and so was when she came because of course she ' s got cancer hasn ' t she? she ' s got cancer it ' s come back for a second time but she looked really well oh good and er she was really chatty and upbeat and er where did you
294. well but she we had a long chat she was very a very chatty person and so was when she came because of course she ' s got cancer hasn ' t she? she ' s got cancer it ' s come back for a second time but she looked really well oh good and er she was really chatty and upbeat and er where did you go? is it in? i think it was
304. last time i took over the sickness and diarrhoea rorota yeah that ' s grim you shouldn ' t do that i know but couldn ' t cos her husband ' s had cancer yeah you said and just wouldn ' t so it ' s so me and took it over and he ' s gone now hasn ' t he now? yep and the new physics guy is gorgeous is he
306. t she? she ' s like he ' s been in pain he ' s been in so much pain what was up with him? i don ' t i don ' t actually know he had cancer it it what it was it was it was some kind of cancer but it was cancer for ages he went to die in like aggressive yeah he went to die in like two months and it ' s it
309. two months and it ' s it ' s dragged on for like a year and a half aye ' s mum erm mum ' s best friend she ' s got like about six different kinds of cancer and it ' s kind of like she gets given all like she ' s terminal and she they go to give her oh you ' ve got three months left and then there ' s a new drug will
310. new drug came out i wouldn ' t take it i ' d have enough do you know? like yeah that ' s what happened with my erm my nan cos she got she had breast cancer in her forties and beat it and then it came back aggressively when she was like sixty something mm but straightaway like she made her decision she was like i don ' t want any medicine like this
311. go to work have a class in the morning and afternoon off and an evening class and go and see her and er and i saw her just a a day or so before she died mm she had cancer she was forty - something oh yeah yeah just just over forty forty - one or forty - two something like that beautiful girl she was too lovely but yeah so i felt more leaving there than i did er
312. even still you know still lucid in any sense you know he ' s been drinking for what? thirty years so cos he ' s younger than dad isn ' t he he ' s had cancer twice he ' s had tw yeah huh er they ' ve basically said their goodbyes to him twice when was moving to er that was when he had his heal last health scare when he had yeah
314. ##loke just went on this grape diet and just mm ate grapes oh that ' s alright i wonder if that would do your tummy any good and sixth mm months later yes he passed all this cancer mm through his urine which nearly killed him oh but after that he he was cured wow and she leant me that book yeah yeah yeah yeah but i don ' t i don ' t know why she
321. is it? oh god and so close to christmas as well i know there was this family that posted on facebook looking for a erm house to rent yeah because their son ' s in hospital with cancer and he can come home now for christmas but they don ' t have anywhere to live so it ' s awful yeah i think the only positive thing to come out of it is the deadline ' s been
322. thinking they ' re missing things in translation and decided to go back to holland and he did and they said the same thing there basically what they said here is it looks like you ' ve got lung cancer with secondaries in the brain oh and he hadn ' t got and it ' s terminal oh god and he went back and and in holland they said the same thing they said they ' re right what
323. to his bed and died yeah so gave up uhu and is like born again mm she ' s having a really good time well good for her but she i mean did say that before he got cancer they had grown apart mm you know and she said that i mean whether that was true or not but that ' s what well the daughter she said the daughter it hold on the daughter erm for instance
324. it here but i ' d prefer to be in holland mm and she said but i don ' t have the money she was stuffed gotta stay here well she ' s got two sisters that have got cancer one ' s dying and one ' s oh god i think they ' re older than her she ' s such a lovely person mm she ' s lovely i mean she comes across with a really sweet heart
325. older than her she ' s such a lovely person mm she ' s lovely i mean she comes across with a really sweet heart mm she ' s really nice and one sister ' s got that awful cancer pan is it pancreas maybe? my mum had that that er which is no cure really is there? no that ' s erm and she ' s only got months to live and yeah the
326. ? my mum had that that er which is no cure really is there? no that ' s erm and she ' s only got months to live and yeah the other one ' s got a cancer that could be curable you know it ' s like everyone has cancer these days oh i know it ' s horrible i ' ve got my brother ' s got it and i think it ' s i
327. ? no that ' s erm and she ' s only got months to live and yeah the other one ' s got a cancer that could be curable you know it ' s like everyone has cancer these days oh i know it ' s horrible i ' ve got my brother ' s got it and i think it ' s i think his is terminal my brother in law in turkey do you speak to
328. died but it could have been mm look at that mushroom it ' s incredible mm it could have been well ye it ' s hard to say i ' m not saying it is she could have had cancer no hard to say she might have had it you know it could have died of anything or did you go to her funeral? no i didn ' t no i only found this oh i ' ve went
329. got er irregular heartbeat or something right which i don ' t think is particularly serious but bloody hell at ninety - four something any old in fact he ' s always said i mean yeah he had prostate cancer in his eighties erm late seventies they cured that and he had laser treatment but he got secondaries in the bowel and had kind of a bit of bowel remo a bit of his bow
330. ' d known what it was all going off he thought er he was going back there to get cured yeah well the day that my dad erm sent an email through that said thathat mum had cancer i knew straight away that it was terminal and erm yeah it was like a knowing yeah i didn ' t need to be told anything i just knew it yeah but then denying it all mm because you
331. smoke she didn ' t drink yeah she ' d come round but then what well what she did do she went out in the sun a lot and she didn ' t co i mean she can skin cancer was the first thing she had oh i can remember having her i can remember seeing her she had this great big thing on her lip like a big mole you know a big round and i thought bloody hell
332. came round and they ' d cut it out and came round to see us and we ' ve got something to tell you ' s got this er glaucoma blah blah blah erm bone cancer you know and i would that that was oh the that was the bursts of oh secondary yeah in i mean yeah i mean i really did and and she wa yeah you know she was an outdoor girl and
334. ' t have this pickle can you? no it ' ll make you cough mm there ' s only two erm and that was erm and myself and now found she ' s got breast cancer and she ' s gonna have to have a mastectomy oh dear so we ' re not seeing her now which is a great pity cos she was good yeah and she was very very confident and
336. that was when you were a cook wasn ' t it? yeah i do remember it changing yeah why did he sell? he was erm he got he well he was getting old he he got cancer he ' s oh since died oh has he? yeah he had another care home at erm he had two mm the one at was smaller and more exclusive oh was it? mm bit more expensive mm
337. cos then when when ah no said bob ' s burgers we watched it yeah that episode really finishes thinking he ' s gonna have ah is that archer? yeah er when he ' s got cancer? and he hasn ' t got cancer yeah that ' s it yeah yeah that ' s not very funny yeah it is not funny we were watching sons of anarchy you know what i mean? oh we
338. bob ' s burgers we watched it yeah that episode really finishes thinking he ' s gonna have ah is that archer? yeah er when he ' s got cancer? and he hasn ' t got cancer yeah that ' s it yeah yeah that ' s not very funny yeah it is not funny we were watching sons of anarchy you know what i mean? oh we watched that when we first moved into our
343. mm anyway there ' s nothing to do anyway no she ' s pretty ill yeah she ' s pretty out of my mum ' s three best friends her three best friends one ' s already dead from cancer one has had stomach cancer and the other one is my dad ' s partner who ' s had cancer twice already so it ' s just like and her mum died of cancer and it ' s so ri
344. nothing to do anyway no she ' s pretty ill yeah she ' s pretty out of my mum ' s three best friends her three best friends one ' s already dead from cancer one has had stomach cancer and the other one is my dad ' s partner who ' s had cancer twice already so it ' s just like and her mum died of cancer and it ' s so rife mm yeah the statistics
345. out of my mum ' s three best friends her three best friends one ' s already dead from cancer one has had stomach cancer and the other one is my dad ' s partner who ' s had cancer twice already so it ' s just like and her mum died of cancer and it ' s so rife mm yeah the statistics th you know the average person lives to eighty bullshit mm what ' s that
346. ' s already dead from cancer one has had stomach cancer and the other one is my dad ' s partner who ' s had cancer twice already so it ' s just like and her mum died of cancer and it ' s so rife mm yeah the statistics th you know the average person lives to eighty bullshit mm what ' s that one in three people where does that statistic come from? yeah exactly
348. it ' s so funny why do you say it ' s controversial? what happens in it? because the kid t because one of them says if you don ' t win i ' ll die of cancer yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and they don ' t win and he dies and they don ' t win and then you just hear the flat line at the end it ' s so bad yeah that it makes
350. had a disease of the here we go i had a disease of the hip joints that caused me constant pain and i was signed off work i was then it was then that the my dad dies of cancer i became depressed and i started rowing and then the fatal thing happened the thing that ruined my life i started drinking to block everything out yeah it wasn ' t you that ruined your life it was the boo
353. though i run poor old tandy over just before we were going on holiday yeah that was terrible i know it cost quite a lot it cost quite a bit and then he turned out he had lung cancer didn ' t he? or something? no w er erm neurological neur erm er neurological disorder so he was put down about six months later old tandy was that just to save money at
356. ##apist my school just wrote her off because it wasn ' t academic enough oh and they just ignored her and erm and then in fact she actually died when she was twenty - five of breast cancer oh my goodness i know leaving two small children so isn ' t life unfair i know that was bitter but my mother of course protecting her daughter i didn ' t find out my mother didn ' t tell
358. is kind of hasn ' t resurfaced for like a year or two so that ' s good yeah that ' s good and it was just with it was in reaction to her dad getting cancer so i suppose oh no yeah that makes sense to wow had some sort of reaction to it and that ' s just what happened but no she ' s okay now that ' s good yeah that ' s
360. them in the post and send them to the ah and there ' s instructinstructions of how to do it that ' s disgusting well you know? oh didn ' t have bowel cancer did she? yeah yeah it says yeah it says things like it says things like she had lung or you know ddddangle under y under your bum sort of thing and it er it b it
361. sshit if she was in court i tell you i oh yeah yeah i ' d never call mum as a witness would ' ve been done wouldn ' t he? yeah yeah but had bowel cancer this cannot be a lighthearted topic dad and had bowel cancer i thought he had oesophagus cancer he did it was well s that ' s a bowel isn ' t it?
373. s as common is it? it ' s not no it ' s got a very low survival rate yeah mm that ' s what my friend who shaved her head was raising money for pancreatic cancer? yeah i think her grandad had died from it so she was raising money for it the thing is you can ' t survive without your pancreas can you? no well i didn ' t
375. in with him er mobility yeah mobility so they ' ve changed it to the afternoon custard thank you and then he is er on the twenty - first mm he ' s with plastics because his cancer ' s back oh right on his face thank you like that ' s under the eye and behind his ear that ' s thank you okay mm so er i ' m pretty busy with him more custar
379. no no there ' s something else there that ' ll explain this look yes and she actually phoned me on friday i was yeah friday evening and she said to me i think i ' ve got cancer this was before she lost the really lost her that the use of her legs yes erm she said yeah i think i ' ve got cancer or i ' ve got what granny had now my my granny
382. ##s i ' m sure i ' ll get stuck yes well that ' s right yes no it ' s been really really lovely and i have to say before you go ' s got pancreatic cancer oh gosh so that ' s why we didn ' t invite you to lunch oh gosh no oh dear so really but he ' s keeping he ' s quite
384. yeah they actually called him up and said we think you ' re a match for somebody so pretty amazing yeah it ' s just really sad though cos erm you know obviously died recently of brain cancer mm he donated maybe like five years ago bone marrow for somebody who had leukaemia oh it ' s just kind of like why is it that one man who you know saved somebody else mm dies of
385. he donated maybe like five years ago bone marrow for somebody who had leukaemia oh it ' s just kind of like why is it that one man who you know saved somebody else mm dies of cancer? doesn ' t smoke doesn ' t take drugs sad innit? and then other people who smoke and take drugs and get nothing mm not that smoking means you should get cancer that ' s not what
387. drugs and get nothing mm not that smoking means you should get cancer that ' s not what i ' m saying but you know like somebody who really shouldn ' t and is a good person just gets cancer and dies it ' s not very karma for you is it? no but yeah as long as he goes if he does go through with it mm i can ' t yeah it ' s horrible you '
399. so he erm he my grandma ' s getting old now so she ' s mm she ' s always been old but she ' s suddenly in the last couple of years cos she had breast cancer yeah and so yeah she ' s just been treated for that so that was a bit traumatic and she has osteoporosi u porosis osteoporosis poriasis? yeah er
400. a girl called whose sister i don ' t know sister of a gir of a girl who i ' d known quite well who was in my year called i know quite well er dad died of cancer right so they both kind of went off the rails a bit but kind of went you know like if summat like that happened if you yeah yeah you lose your fucking head don ' t ya? yeah
401. can just put them on to go yeah i don ' t need to take them to change into mm they ' re quite comfortable i got my friend into it as well the one who had the breast cancer mm cos she ' s always out with the dog and i think i texted her and i said erm oh i ' m out looking for geocache and she said oh what ' s that
405. doing at the moment is is making me happy yeah yeah i dunno i don ' t know i think i ' ve changed a lot erm end of the nineties my mum got a terminal cancer diagnosis and being around her and watching how she lived her life really influenced me i think and i live very much yeah in the moment now yeah then when my partner got terminal cancer diagnosis you know just kind
406. mum got a terminal cancer diagnosis and being around her and watching how she lived her life really influenced me i think and i live very much yeah in the moment now yeah then when my partner got terminal cancer diagnosis you know just kind of reinforces that when everybody you love is been you know given a death sentence yeah well we ' ve all got a death sentence from the moment we ' re born really yeah
407. ##m but i heard it was so sad i was driving along it was only a lunchtime or something and there was a phone - in about it and a lady said that her grandfather was diagnosed with cancer mm and erm it had got to the point where it was terminal and then his wife her grandmother was diagnosed with a similar illness as well and she passed away first they were both being cared for but
408. all this sort of stuff and i ' m like so you ' ve got to think of the impact and like my friend her erm fiance his parents his dad i think it is is has got cancer and they ' ve been going in and out of hospital and if she gets it she visit him they can ' t go and visit him and i ' m like you got to think of the implications you
410. ve made if you rent it for a thousand pounds a month yeah of course they just they ' ve just rushed into it like don ' t get me wrong i know it ' s sad that had cancer but yeah she ' s made this massive decision based on the fact that she wanted something to look forward to yeah but now she ' s become more stressed than yeah it ' s worth yeah like it '
416. d moved up from er somewhere in i think and er he joined two male voice choirs and he was just a lovely lovely man so when he died out of the blue she ' d already beaten breast cancer yeah it was all about and we reali this ti it ' s all abou all about her all about her she lived in a cottage at the end of ' s garden basically at the end of
417. ##m a a couple a couple of customers for all of us er but and and has no time he ' s he ' s he ' s and obviously my old boss basically oh the one who had cancer? well his his his brother had cancer his brother died did he? and then his mum got ill and then his mum got really ill he dropped he en he ended up lea leaving just cos it
418. for all of us er but and and has no time he ' s he ' s he ' s and obviously my old boss basically oh the one who had cancer? well his his his brother had cancer his brother died did he? and then his mum got ill and then his mum got really ill he dropped he en he ended up lea leaving just cos it wasn ' t worth it just he wasn
419. ended up with an enormous amazing isn ' t it? and they were taken over eventually by another big firm mm yeah i expect he did well oh yes i oh yeah that ' s right he had cancer i think and he died that ' s right oh his wife died earlier yes and i was surprised because she was a good horse rider yes and then i suppose it ' s one of those things isn '
420. her what ' s it? oh that ' s right then well he wasn ' t very bright but he did take over and well he that ' s right he that ' s right he suffered from cancer and then er closed it all down like yeah yeah yes well they were quite big they well they had big rows and rows of big you know sort of for building with all these chicken in there yeah oh
425. m sure he wouldn ' t you wouldn ' t say it to her mum would you? say that but yeah do you remember when you said to a friend of yours whose mother had just died of cancer you said erm oh i wouldn ' t want i wouldn ' t wish anything on him except cancer? no and you were very uncomfortable about it i don ' t remember that i remember saying it certainly
426. but yeah do you remember when you said to a friend of yours whose mother had just died of cancer you said erm oh i wouldn ' t want i wouldn ' t wish anything on him except cancer? no and you were very uncomfortable about it i don ' t remember that i remember saying it certainly it was years ago twenty years ago you were in the pub or something and you know you forgot that
427. don ' t remember that i remember saying it certainly it was years ago twenty years ago you were in the pub or something and you know you forgot that his well well his mother had died recently of cancer and you made some kind of no now you ' re beginning daft light hearted comment things are beginning to stir in my mind yeah and something about or is he planting a memory in your head? i
436. ve also have the money sold it and rented it out for four hundred half a million okay and still have the money so erm well my scenario which i told about is if i die of stomach cancer rapidly is that you still could be financially able to buy outright dear in or well we could buy outright if we sold this place we could buy outright in for three hundred thousand so now we ' re discussing
437. you know always the first thing i look at is how old were they and what was it? mm mm erm brother of my best mate er erm he ' s er he died of lung cancer a couple of weeks ago the funeral was erm last week mm but is there i don ' t know is there any point thinking about it? erm i don ' t it might be easy for
439. work who i used to work with my friend now er she was married years and years ago in and then left him erm and they got a divorce he remarried had a family and then died got cancer or some sort i think er but he ' d never amended his will so she inherited his house oh because it said in i leave my house to or whatever she ' s called yeah yeah in er but
442. sad really he wrote fourteen books vince flynn the american guy but it didn ' t i ' m trying find he died he died of erm i can ' t remember was it erm bowel cancer i think really? i think but he yeah but really well written how old was he when he died? erm he looked like he i think i don ' t think there ' s a picture on
444. yeah and she says she ' s so happy that she did that because now she can remember it cos died oh again about three years ago but it was merciful that he died he had throat cancer mm and he died before it got dreadful and he couldn ' t speak and swallow and see this is you know so it was a mercy and and i think she she realised that the only thing that and
445. t oh i can understand yes i think that would be very yeah no my the the my colleague i think i said her partner died about four years ago mm and that was i think it ' s cancer of the oesophagus or something i mean it was that sort of thing cos the first we knew about it was he rang her at work and at that point she and i shared a
446. start paying it through the house or anything? the way it works because because my mum lived in the house they can ' t touch the house cos that ' s her home and she has a cancer diagnosis as well so they double can ' t touch her so when their savings are exhausted yeah then the state will step in to a degree okay but you ' re expected to contribute still some of that how
447. do me a just giving or whatever it is you know for sponsor and that so yeah we ' ll send you yeah your mum ' s doing a pretty muddy run mm what ' s it for? cancer cancer is it? yeah are you having a just giving page all of you together or? i don ' t know i don ' t know whether you may as well yeah yeah yeah all for the same
448. me a just giving or whatever it is you know for sponsor and that so yeah we ' ll send you yeah your mum ' s doing a pretty muddy run mm what ' s it for? cancer cancer is it? yeah are you having a just giving page all of you together or? i don ' t know i don ' t know whether you may as well yeah yeah yeah all for the same thing
450. like years later you ' re still a shell? yeah it ' s like you ' re just so weak and like yes some people get over it but also how many of them have been dealing with cancer since they were six? every year like had you know i thi aand i think also for her parents it ' s like i don ' t know it ' s different when it ' s like
453. so much business and he hasn ' t but they ' re gonna let him stay on for now so it ' s just as usual working his parents came up for christmas and his dad ' s got cancer so that ' s another reason now why is saying he can ' t cope with anything oh and then on christmas morning his dad phoned his brother ' s uncle to say happy christmas to be told that
454. have a go at her in the end and said look it ' s not the time or the place to be oh right saying this to your husband he ' s obviously very upset he ' s got cancer himself and he ' s not doing very well and said his mum ' s an absolute pain she was really hard work all the way through mm said she got her some lovely presents a nice fluffy dressing gown

Cluster 3
0. like sixty thousand million you could yeah i ' ll feel bad and good that er the people had lost and weren ' t happy and good that i could set up a new charity to try and stop cancer but do you think anyone else that won it would think about the people that lost? no cos they might barely anyone does believe me cos they might think cos they will definitely i think they
3. treat the the cos we laughed about it and then said is it the radiotherapy or something? it ' s gonna be because of your yes yeah your treatment isn ' t it for your breast cancer? and she said yeah mm but she suddenly had a period from out of the blue gosh so it hasn ' t all actually finished no no but but she looks ever so thin was really concerned about
7. you flushed it down the toilet how do you feel about that? imagine like the sperms competing like yeah no i must get there and it ' s like i ' m gonna be the cure for cancer i ' m gonna do it i ' m gonna do it i ' m gonna oh no i know it ' s just the most ridiculous thing ever and they ' re so silly yeah but er it '
8. m gonna oh no i know it ' s just the most ridiculous thing ever and they ' re so silly yeah but er it ' s weird thinking like do you think the government knows the cure to cancer? yeah i think medical companies aren ' t telling us that there ' s i f i believe they ' re not more honest in fact well they make profit on our pain it ' s proven it '
9. there ' s i f i believe they ' re not more honest in fact well they make profit on our pain it ' s proven it ' s proven that meat don ' t they? eating causes cancer despite yeah saying as long as meat is eaten in moderation it doesn ' t like fuck that it does yeah it does yeah it really does so you know? no because medical yeah companies make money off
11. ? well yeah exactly like they ' re all pretty old and it doesn ' t discriminate does it like? no well it kinda does with old people but they are old so they should get cancer and they don ' t mm and they eat meat do they eat meat? yeah oh yeah they do don ' t they? yeah mm duck i mean expect they have really stringent not stringent like
12. they ' ll have like minimal hormones and shit strict diet and er like really good yeah and like really good diets and really good doctors and whatever but yeah maybe they have i suppose you could have cancer but keep it from everyone like something we don ' t have yeah that ' s true but and they get the best treatment possible and they probably get regular checks yeah they always get the best treatment like the
13. s worth eighteen billion dollars yep what do you even do with that money? er you that e you can solve all of the medical issues in the worl you could like find er cures for cancer and aids he yes is going to use money very wisely you ' ll be pleased to hear yeah yeah by finding the rockets from the apollo missions in the sea tut do you know like when the
21. clock my booth and er he obviously read the words and he just he he sort of just this massive sort of like and i thought oh my god you ' ve probably been told you ' ve got cancer you could just tell by the way how yeah yeah of that he saw he didn ' t look at me or nothing i could just tell yeah he ' d seen the words and all the rest of it
23. them for fifteen years or something you know? oh god so you know you can yeah so long as it agrees with you and so long as it works yeah but it is effective for this kind of cancer so yeah well that ' s good news cos this so they ' ve got everything crossed and i suppose alex is running around like a crazy person following up you know he ' s made some very good
28. yeah ah so your your end game there is that you reckon that they ' re trying to get rid of a lot of people so then there ' s not gonna be so much war for resources for cancer yeah through cancer it ' s a killer right well isn ' t it we we we manage to cure everything else pretty much but not cancer which is well we got near to it of course but mm er
32. ' t you say there were some whistle - blowers as well? and they disappeared yeah but then a lot of people disappeared cos i mean you just reminded me when you said people died of cancer who were you know mm mm ah the er you know the dictators right erm and sure enough there were a number of people who died on a lonely road in the desert mm car crash spun out
33. racially bullied somebody yep on live on television but she died on reality tv and that ' s she what people like isn ' t it yeah they like to see reality and she raised awareness of cancer we were all aware of cancer before jade goodie mm you know um she died with dignity er i think as you said it ' s car crash tv and it ' s all these people who aspire
38. that his his wife had said that that was the cause of it really mm and er it it was people were saying that alcoholism is an illness and he said it is not an illness such as er cancer or er er well he mentioned something else mm he said it ' s it ' s what you do to yourself it ' s almost self - inflicted and it ' s right isn ' t it? mm
39. right isn ' t it? mm except it ' s more psychological really because then they ' re in the grips of an addiction it ' s like smoking mm well this is it but er like lung cancer the big cause of lung cancer or one of the big ca is smoking mm mm no two ways about it mm and yet people still continue to smoke still people still die of lung cancer yeah but they can
45. c last night oh that wa the big c? it ' s true a true programme a true mm this woman er she created a blog and er people kept reading the blog mm er all about her cancer yeah? and they made it into a book oh and then made it into a film oh right she became quite famous mm? and she played her own part mm in this picture yeah and she got so
53. mm if i ' d have fricking seen that even like how you how can you be so rude no absolutely as to ask do you mind if i just cover you in smoke a bit of cancer i mean a bit of cancer shoved in your face yeah so was saying at work she was trying to think of a cool present for a twelve - year - old mm mm i was like okay er what
54. fricking seen that even like how you how can you be so rude no absolutely as to ask do you mind if i just cover you in smoke a bit of cancer i mean a bit of cancer shoved in your face yeah so was saying at work she was trying to think of a cool present for a twelve - year - old mm mm i was like okay er what ' s she into and she
62. how does one get people tto realise that it ' s a lot less daunting to go to your doctor and say the word vagina or the word vulva than it is to get cancer? yeah which well perhaps actually if these young women don ' t know can ' t point to a picture of what is what when they ' re shown a diagram then perhaps the doctors aren ' t using
63. during obstetric conconsultations erm but it ' s not necessarily that yeah and also i mean the the other surprising thing anyway is that you know it was meant to be like cancer was the sort of big unmentionable subject in yeah those days yeah and actually it ' s mentioned all the time now yeah and so it ' s not the big unmentionable subject but
65. well perhaps as women you do get used to stuff ppeople kind of poking around in your nether regions and well i mean i think i mean i think that an equivalent with men and prostate cancer and m bowel cancer as well that you know mm they don ' t go for those things either and er no erm and those sort of all also embarrassing things maybe there ' s a need for
67. i suppose if i had been bolshier i might have kind of picked her up on it and but i didn ' t i just went away and erm and then when i did have cancer erm it took me quite a while to feel that my symptoms were severe enough to justify bothering the doctor because i went and i was going and i was saying look i ' ve got these symptoms and
68. young woman sort of in your position you know what what what would you have done differently do you think? oh well i d well it ' s like and haven ' t even asked you what your cancer was oh well mine was ovarian it was ovarian okay alright so mine was endometrial cancer which is erm a cancer of the lining of the womb and erm it is
76. for their smear tests no but but the awareness but i mean while you ' re doing that here is so much higher you ' re not actually testing for the endometrial no because you cancer are you? you ' re no the so that and it wouldn ' t require a great deal more cos you are putting the whatever they call that this thing up and taking a swab yeah so
84. erm you know to ask your gp erm don ' t be put off by the language thing and ask for these particular tests so yeah you know erm in the case of ovarian cancer erm the first test would be a blood test called ca125 mm now that ' s not an expensive thing to do oh isn ' t it? gps are doing all gps do blood tests all
94. ve got a specialism in gynae stuff erm i think she looked and thought fifty - two the odds are that it ' s x and y but you know the chance of it being cancer are you know one in twenty or something so therefore i ' m not even gonna go down that avenue i ' m gonna follow the most logical explanation of these symptoms yeah so it ' s actually funni
98. done yeah and and and it and then coming back to the thing about what oncologists say to your a gp it was only much later on kind of right almost at the end of the cancer treatment that she she put something in the letter to the gp which suggested that it had actually gone into the fallopian tubes and it was because it was in the fallopian tubes that i got
104. know i think it ' s a very complicated area all this where mm have to be very finely calibrated and but i think they ' re not indeed they are in breast i mean and breast cancer has been very controversial because you know an awful lot of women end up getting er breast surgery for things that might never had turned into cancer but you can ' t know one way or the other so it
106. that balance and so i do respect the sort of academic process that that they use but sometimes i think you also have to be pragmatic and say well look the more women understand what kinds of cancer there are and what kind of cancers do not have obviously lumps that you can feel yeah and what kind of test it might be reasonable for them to ask for at least have the discussion with your doctor
118. whatever so erm i suppose i just had this sort of whole sense of security about it but but actually an even falser because actually my grandmother almost certainly had erm a gynaecological cancer and i don ' t think she was ever even told that she did because and and when wen i said to my mother and my my fa it ' s my father ' s mother and i said to
125. right than the ones that are slower burners and and i would see if i would be able able to tell that to another friend of mine who was just told it ' s an aggressive form of cancer without having that extra bit yeah so i mean to me that extra bit was really kind of the difference between it being awful news and it being yeah sort of here ' s the good news and here '
135. cut through that again so if if somebody had persistent bleeding mm er and they had some reason you know they might have some reason to check out endometendometrial i can almost say it cancer the only way they would actually know that would be to scrape yeah the wall yeah which is a kind of basic erm it ' s kind of like a d and c or the start of it th
136. a with a kind of implement into it into your womb and then just sort of go round and sort of scrape the lining so right if they ' re doing that to see if you ' ve got cancer cells up there it ' s just it ' s the work of what? thirty seconds or something? oh really? right to get a to get a scrape as long as as long as mm you can
143. ' t they? they ' re yeah so hidden they are absolutely hidden yeah and actually i mean the other thing as well that erm there was another survey which was done by the ovarian cancer action about outcomes for women after having gynaecological cancers in terms of the continuation of their sex lives and erm there was something on woman ' s hour about it erm last year and er
145. menopause erm which was actually very useful but then described as being normal symptoms of menopause some of some of the symptoms i was having they ' re cos i ' ve got cancer you know so therefore yeah again you know erm i wasn ' t getting the full picture and i probably wasn ' t as alarmed as i should have been and i wasn ' t as aeriated as
147. you know erm women have a you know a a right to have this and it rad more radical surgery yeah and one of the reasons why these figures have actually improved somewhat on ovarian cancer is that they ' ve you know they do now try this much more radical approach to yeah to the surgery to get everything out whereas before they did routinely leave little bits in and it only one cell oh
152. mean i don ' t really know i don ' t know no no i don ' t know erm but i er i just feel but yes because i ' m going regularly to have my skin cancer checked yeah erm i ' ve got to take it i mean i take i it ' s it ' s she ' s perfectly happy for me to take it down to one even though i yeah don
153. got enough i ' d make sure they ' d got enough money to look after and i got a decent pension and then frankly i would give a load of it away yeah and it go to the cancer charities to place like christies and st anne ' s you know i some of my favourite ones you know animal charities things like that cos what you know what can you spend it on? yeah what
158. they do why are the two? they ' re not but they said it ' s racist like you ' re having that you ' re selling that ' s ridiculous candy canes to help children with cancer on the same day that we ' re doing a protest about i i don ' t know it was i think it was about black lives matter yeah or something they were doing a protest on that and they
160. it might mandm ' s i suppose the honeycomb as well it ' s that particular that sweet yeah yeah mm erm i made a a big cake on friday for work for erm macmillan cancer fundraising mm yeah and it was four layers of fatless sponge right nno butter in it oh i saw the picture on facebook yeah it was er it was low calorie sponge yeah with all the
168. breathe air but you also need to like extract everything yeah and make sure you don ' t do do enough damage while you ' re extracting stuff right like you can burn skin off like to take cancer cells off and stuff right yeah yeah yeah if you burn your lungs and they ' re damaged you can ' t really breathe properly yeah of course but yeah feel so precious hey erm erm feel like
169. history report as well er like you know we had to do an ethics section i talked about cos the world health organisation was talking about it a lot and like erm er the survival rates of cancer like way lower obviously than erm in some parts of the third world than they are in western countries or more economic de economically developed countries but yeah i just felt like in rs they were just like hating
171. sense yeah you if you ' re nominated you have to go you have to dominate and you have to do there was another one for er sorry not dominate sorry er donate there was another one for breast cancer wasn ' t there? where like people were not wearing makeup or something and took a picture yeah of herself yeah not wearing any makeup yeah there ' s that one as well mm if i was online i
172. it but i ' d do it but my problem is i ' m a little sceptical about charities so okay they make erm i mean if you i did a lot of research into that cancer one at the time because you know people were like we donated so much money and then you actually look at their spending about thirty percent of that about like a hundred two hundred million a year goes back into
173. s a lot of money that they take and but they have to if they er i don ' t know i ' ve watched a lot of documentaries about er yeah companies that are putting research into avoiding cancer but they ha but but you have to advertise in order to get yeah i know it has to it has to er g it goes back into erm you know looking into er you know the
174. at the same time you have to keep on promoting and mm getting awareness out there which costs money but they ' re massive industries i mean like yeah they ' re rich chchcharities for cancer earn like hundreds and hundreds of millions every year and it ' s not actually in their interest to actually find a cure for cancer cos then they ' ll stop getting all that money yeah i know so
176. s actually going into the correct place yeah i mean to a certain degree but if you think what er yeah to a cer of course to a certain degree because not all charities have the luxury of cancer but llet ' s talk about breast cancer research yeah yeah as an example let ' s say they earn a lot more than this but let ' s say they earn a hundred million a year and thirty
177. mean to a certain degree but if you think what er yeah to a cer of course to a certain degree because not all charities have the luxury of cancer but llet ' s talk about breast cancer research yeah yeah as an example let ' s say they earn a lot more than this but let ' s say they earn a hundred million a year and thirty million of that goes back into their own company
178. say they earn a lot more than this but let ' s say they earn a hundred million a year and thirty million of that goes back into their own company for advertising why does a company like breast cancer research need to advertise? we all know about it it ' s all very very popular yeah no that ' s absolute no when i was saying that i thought the same t yes er they don
179. right okay but i was just thinking that you know we don ' t need to be spending this kinda money on advertising for the charities very shallow advertising as well hey it ' s ca you know breast cancer charity don ' t forget about us when actually i felt like all of that time spent talking about it could ' ve actually been spent on telling people how to live a healthier lifestyle that avoids getting cancer
180. charity don ' t forget about us when actually i felt like all of that time spent talking about it could ' ve actually been spent on telling people how to live a healthier lifestyle that avoids getting cancer in the first place telling them how to eat healthier mm telling them to exercise more to do these kinda things rather than just say hey you know look at me i ' ve got no makeup but i
183. out your ass and like you feed your kids this shit your ass every day you feed your kids the worst stuff but now you feel really good because you took your makeup off and paid twenty pounds to cancer research you ' re costing them more you ' re gonna be somebody that ' s gonna be costing this this research in the in the future i just found it really kinda hypocritical but isn
187. me double penis oh it ' s a double penis mm mm mm do you need golden syrup on as well no contraband i need to find a bit of something i ' ve got a bit of cancer on mine oh no it ' s tasty it ' s protein mm it can ' t be good for you though cos i always feel quite sick i ' ve eaten a big bar of dairy milk
188. ##er i think i want this one on the black one do you think? i don ' t know no i think it ' s this one i ' m having you yeah don ' t have the cancer one so she tried to creep in as a way cos obviously you ' re all waiting in line yeah everyone ' s really fucked off that you ' re having to queue but there she is creeping creeping
197. it ' s a bit quick to come to terms with it yeah it ' s cos it ' s one of those things you don ' t feel ill you just get told you ' ve got cancer you don ' t really mm well some people do feel feel it and that ' s why they go and get tested but something like that you just yeah it just pops up yeah i mean it was only
198. ##ulation they give the thirteen - year - old girls mm i ' m not sure about that at all that ' s what ' s that all about? i thought that was about cervical it is cervical cancer yeah yeah but then your mum said it was something to do with chlamydia or does no it ' s not can chlamydia it ' s not to do with contribute chlamyd
203. s got other things in it which are just as bad no yes it ' s got some special sugar that isn ' t bad for you if it ' s aspartame that can give you cancer yeah lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots of it it ' s not good for you the same way that natural sugar ' s al of course of water which is the best so you
204. oh yeah you don ' t wanna do what i did to my soup that time and burnt it s it was foul exa this is my problem that was extreme what i ' ll do that was cancer yeah it was cancer if i ' d ever seen it in my life i did the i did the same though i then wondered why my soup tasted of burning why does my soup taste of burning? and
206. why does my soup taste of burning? and then when i got to the bottom of the pan i realized it was because it was black right so that went really well i really enjoyed that soup that cancer that i was cooking yeah yeah i think everybody needs a good bout try one try and build up your immunity and all that yeah it ' s like inoculations you know? yeah yeah it '
207. s like inoculations you know? yeah yeah it ' s fine i think do doctors have started prescribing it to be honest yes i think so and and side portion of ham cancer sausages ham and cancer sausages ham and cancer sausages yeah you haven ' t got any cancer sausages left have you? no no no none of those left now good god now i ' ve
212. sausages left have you? no no no none of those left now good god now i ' ve f i ' ve eaten all my cancer sausages obviously keep up i ' ve eaten all the cancer that ' s that ' s some i wouldn ' t that around obviously it ' s the first thing to go with all the good stuff can ' t leave those beauties lying around for someone no not
213. can find on there if not you ' re gonna have to enact something for me for my own entertainment a play well i think it ' s going going to include gurgly tummy and cancer sausages write the theme tune sing the theme tune i ' ll get on that if you could that would greatly amuse me right where is everything i own shit it ' s freezing in here
214. ' t read that i mean i uh yeah it has got anti - oxidants to pr that ' s protective against quite a few illnesses and yeah and some some it ' s like with the cancer studies often you get you say that this some study will say that it ' s that it helps against cancer but another study will say that it can actually make can actually have no effect or can actually increase
217. i suppose yeah yes there are yeah yes um it oh there was there was one substance for cos it was aspirin wasn ' t it uh aspirin was supposed to to help against cancer wasn ' t it um? oh well that ' s the one that ' s uh oh well aspirin is the one that go you know that becomes the um the the you know the ultimate remedy
218. think the mo most of the bad of aspirin is involves um stomach damage or something it damages your stomach but or uh it i think it has a lot of positive stuff including yeah like ca cancer benefits something to do with that it compared with paracetamol it sort of it kills it stops processes rather than merely pausing whereas you know paracetamol would pause a process and then when it
219. aspirin i think um just kills the stops the process stomach bleeding yeah uh hair but um yes yeah it ' s more powerful yeah and that hel translates to somehow to it actually inhibiting cancer growth but i don ' t know exactly uh exactly how that happens but oh yeah so i was wondering d ' you want any uh coffee? um yeah we don ' t know no yes please yeah shall
220. cup of tea and a book mm and a bikini cook me i don ' t really do that any more i like to be brown but i also don ' t want i don ' t want the cancer so you do if you ' re just sensible i ' ll just try and be a bit sensible slap on the old er spf yeah yeah and you ' ll be alright actually that ' s a point
222. but you know so no so in my eyes as soon as that coffin had gone last week life went on for everybody and everybody just started to laugh and as i say get all them i call them cancer sticks cos i i i ' m one of those erm i i smoked and gave up mm that ' s right yeah yeah so i ' m one of the really negative people yeah i always said
226. kept this yeah yeah mm bottled up negative emotion it must have got into her system somewhere and stored somewhere it stored in the pancreas mm now i know that ' s a leap of faith from cancer to whatever but all i know is it ' s taught me a lesson mm mm in my mind which is deal with it because there ' s no point holding on to it mm no whatever grudges
227. me a lesson mm mm in my mind which is deal with it because there ' s no point holding on to it mm no whatever grudges are i i don ' t think it really causes cancer all i ' m saying is that in my mind grudges aren ' t gonna help you no i think that ' s the thing you know? yeah you know yeah that ' s what i '
233. would be really angry about that it ' s like yeah there ' s some incompetent doctor but then and you nearly die on on the other hand the anger would is would not do the cancer any good no so even then no even then but i suppose you need sort of somehow process it in a different way yeah but it ' s like you use your anger to s to tell somebody what what
237. mm i mean he was seventy - three yeah he wasn ' t he wasn ' t old no he started suffering quite a few years before that as well that ' s the only crappy thing about cancer isn ' t it really is that you ' ve got to suffer for it you suffer you can suffer for quite a while with it well dad ' s granddad ' s wasn ' t cancer oh grand
244. me like that ' s really bad yeah that is actually a bad thing though isn ' t it? yeah oh so you mean just silly things? yeah um like like you can ' t put like cancer into room 101 or something okay fine um uh people who you know it ' s one of those sort of yeah people who are always on uh smartphones all the time when when when you ' re trying
246. week no fine but then there was your sister ' s news and i felt it felt like the wrong time and i spoke but there was never gonna be a right time and i suppose when someone gets cancer i know it wha you thought i know she was gonna get better all of a sudden? no she wasn ' t but but it first broke and yes that would have been insensitive yeah exact
250. ' re good for you i ' m not sure how true that is my dad was threatening to get them in because he was on this he ' s been reading these books about food to help prevent cancer he ' s in his sixties own and he ' s just reading all about it it ' s a bit late now well this is it so every morning for about a month he had blueberries on his
251. ' s a bit late now well this is it so every morning for about a month he had blueberries on his porridge cos he found out that blueberries are supposed to prevent you getting cancer whether i don ' t know if there ' s any truth in it but fine and then he found out that yeah but the thing is you ' ve got to have been eating it your whole life exactly
252. but the thing is you ' ve got to have been eating it your whole life exactly it ' s too late just to have it for a few weeks and right that ' s it sorted never getting cancer lovely i ' ve had my blueberries for a week that ' s it do you two want another drink? i ' m alright no you ' ve got a have one alright okay no i ' m
255. i said oh he says it ' s not good news i said oh what ' s the matter? he said apparently erm the proper person had read this scan and they ' d said that the cancer ' s back it ' s in the lining of the liver oh and somewhere else and somewhere else and they ' re going to do chemotherapy but they said to her that erm she needs to know they
264. ##m er er light erm ultraviolet radiation i ' ve been under causes that yeah oh so i have to be very careful about my skin mm cos er i i can you know you get skin cancer mm from my job and erm what you have on your visage is not in my humble opinion well it ' s just not a a a er it ' s not a a a a a bin
269. ? he doesn ' t he doesn ' t particularly like wearing it but it ' s not because it yeah it doesn ' t look aesthetic yeah when he was having em the radiotherapy for the skin cancer on his face the he had to have radiotherapy for like when was that? eh last month you didn ' t say anything eh it ' s all preventative it ' s not it ' s nothing
279. they didn ' t know what they were talking about who does it earlier? how do you know? that we looked them and you were like oh they ' re born in june they ' re a cancer like me erm i can ' t remember who it was was it channing tatum? oh it might have been or was it no we did look him up was it someone from busted? was it
280. that look at ' s granddaughter she ' s what? a year older than no she ' s the same age as me and she ' s got c skin canc and she ' s got skin cancer is that cos she used a sunbed? well they lived in spain for a while didn ' t she didn ' t they? she must have abused the sun i don ' t know but you
281. a sunbed? well they lived in spain for a while didn ' t she didn ' t they? she must have abused the sun i don ' t know but you don ' t have skin cancer at my age normally she ' s been on a she ' s been on a su she used to go on sunbeds as well though but like you say she ' s a year older than you
287. first got into that period of thinking well ththey ' re it ' s not merely survival after not just survival i ' m not just into survival i ' m actually into into life after mm cancer treatments mm and that ' s and lliterally was just june and july really? it was the first time for mm cos you just cos you were erm to erm erm you
288. city of it was um ca carried out it was the job was undertaken by jack who died oh right yeah er the architect he was yeah a really nice chap he died he was sixty - three cancer i know that was tragic yeah i can ' t believe that ' s been two years yeah mm yeah i s i saw his i mean he ' s he ' s got four children like one i think
295. ninety - nine percent of the wealth kind of thing yeah the world is already pretty fucked up like that so you know some people think that telomere is might be the key to ageing in cancer? erm in what way? stops the process by which cells es so especially cancer cells lengthen their telomeres erm wwhat do you mean by? shortening them and making them
297. ? stops the process by which cells es so especially cancer cells lengthen their telomeres erm wwhat do you mean by? shortening them and making them go away is it? cancer cancer cells wwhen they replicate very prolifically erm oh yeah and then if yep so if their if their so if their their ability to hold on to their telomeres is disruptive to
299. wwhen they replicate very prolifically erm oh yeah and then if yep so if their if their so if their their ability to hold on to their telomeres is disruptive to the cancer cells then you can only ever grow so long so they just won ' t be able to grow it and like they grow at real really fast rates isn ' t that dangerous cos you could accidentally do
305. last year and the year before how ' s? well not well not very good i think but i haven ' t spoken though oh we get information so mm just i thought they got rid of the cancer well i don ' t know it ' s obviously more knackering than you expect isn ' t it? mm yeah ' s house has gone through did you know? yeah you did say about '
313. a book she ' s probably tried most of these i think she leant me a book when when was still alive this was and mm mm and it was all about this bloke who had cancer of the er bladder mm or kidneys mm kidneys mm made you suddenly think of that? er t well he talked about you see it was who was talking about grapes oh she does like grapes and
316. food people are just like yeah but genetically modified stuff is bad i ' m like okay so say hypothetically they had a gene they could extract a gene from a human that would stop them from getting cancer would you not want them to do it? and they ' re like well yes obviously well that ' s genetic modification and they ' re like oh but it ' s different cos we ' re humans
317. got struck by lightning did she actually get electrocuted? got electrocuted what she died? what ' s happened to her? no she ' s erm she survived but she got like cancer like a year later and i think it ' s from that oh cos i watched this documentary once about people who get struck by lightning and it ' s always there ' s this like one guy and
319. from where she ' d been smoking all those years yeah my mum ' s are not horrendous but bad and she was from glasgow you know they have like the highest rate em of skin cancer there it ' s like tripled in the last five years because people go on sun beds really? yeah em cos they said cos obviously it ' s so fucking depressing in glasgow cos
320. oxfam? cafod? water aid? eh eh save the children nspcc it ' s it ' s something like that it ' s one of those but it ' s not those cancer research? no rspca? rnib? it helps rnli it helps loads of peo loads of different things un no not un? oh oh i can ' t fucking remember but i should
335. re really bad for you well there ' s not a lot of place as well they ' ve done studies to show that people who live under these things are so much more likely to get like brain cancer and under it or near it? well near it i don ' t know what the i mean really if it ' s like half a mile we must have walked about a half a mile by now i
339. ##e it it ' s gonna work really work then mm it ' s the same thing but it ' s called metastasis the spanish community it ' s called metastasis which is spanish for cancer i guess so maybe it was god that ' s really odd mm yeah yeah i ' m quite excited about it because i like to speaking spanish and i kinda wanna brush up on it so maybe the story
340. just out but if you get like a critical illness and like leukemia is so your sister ' s got that? yeah so that ' s what she ' s got so if any er i think the cancer generally is a critical illness anything yeah yeah and they ' re not paying for the mortgage no they ' re just bloody oh that ' s crazy though cos that ' s because it ' s becoming so
341. didid you say it was leukemia that your mum had? yeah yeah yeah yeah she had leuchemia and your dad? er a brain tumour yeah sorry to hear that that ' s okay cancer ' s so rife isn ' t it? i mean yeah mm yeah my er dad ' s there ' s nothing else close yeah our generation no no no it ' s gotta teach something to us
342. so rife isn ' t it? i mean yeah mm yeah my er dad ' s there ' s nothing else close yeah our generation no no no it ' s gotta teach something to us well cancer ' s no well i don ' t think i thought my dad ' s you can ' t live till sixty - five that ' s too old i thought my dad ' s partner was a goner
347. but they ' re really thin mm and they don ' t have a particularly high rate of heart disease but then they no but then it all comes from erm they have a high rate of stomach cancer how frequently do they eat that quantity of fat then? yeah fat? quite often i mean any time they have any of their meats i mean samgyeopsal the literal translation yeah but how
349. out expect no less er indeed fucking animal so he ' s now takes sunbeds round to people ' s houses so that they can cook themselves in the comfort of their own home and get the cancer and then he collects huh this will be a perfect little sunbed there you go winner so and then in the evenings he goes and grits the roads and he can earn like fifteen grand in a winter
351. oh bald or like really really short what you gonna do with your hair? you could ssend it off send it off to a charity or yeah i ' m gonna do that yeah giving it to cancer oh right cancer yeah oh that ' s brilliant but i ' m not raising it for that i ' m raising it cos i ' m going to uganda so oh so it ' s not for charity
354. erm what what they ' re about so that when i fill the forms in it ' s already there so i don ' t have to listen to it so one of them says me and nanny cancer disney cats interns uni we went from cancer to disney then disney to cats then cats to interns and then interns to uni it ' s just a normal hour hour - long conversation for
355. when i fill the forms in it ' s already there so i don ' t have to listen to it so one of them says me and nanny cancer disney cats interns uni we went from cancer to disney then disney to cats then cats to interns and then interns to uni it ' s just a normal hour hour - long conversation for us to be honest sounds a bit like one of
357. on commission mm they work on commission they ' re they ' re they ' re less of the cha mm less of the money ' s actually going to charity yeah so wha if you went to cancer research or whatever whatever they say is just a sales line charity if you if you if you want yeah they said that to me if you want your money doesn ' t go to charity it goes to pay
359. are yeah doesn ' t know me right? yeah tosser er i i i i the only the l other letter i got was from national health service saying i could now have a a bowel cancer screening god dad you are one lucky boy firstly we well i have to scrape six bits of shit onto these bits of ca cardboard and stick them in the post and send them to the ah and there '
364. was it called? er getting rid of the the antioxidants? antioxidant the yeah oxidants the yeah and radical digerydoos radicals yeah radicals toxic radicals give you cancer and things yeah that ' s it yeah and a very good to er get rid of any cancer type cells mm what did they have? they had broccoli yeah broccoli is oh is brilliant
365. the yeah oxidants the yeah and radical digerydoos radicals yeah radicals toxic radicals give you cancer and things yeah that ' s it yeah and a very good to er get rid of any cancer type cells mm what did they have? they had broccoli yeah broccoli is oh is brilliant for green tea green tea yeah what ' s that spice? blueberries that spice turmeric
366. ' s that spice? blueberries that spice turmeric? turmeric and something else and they got this tablet now that they ' ve now formulated mm because all these different thing this is cancer research all these different thing attacks the cancer in a different way mm and they ' re all naturally naturally produced if i mean er in lots of countries where they ' ve proven that they eat all this type
367. spice turmeric? turmeric and something else and they got this tablet now that they ' ve now formulated mm because all these different thing this is cancer research all these different thing attacks the cancer in a different way mm and they ' re all naturally naturally produced if i mean er in lots of countries where they ' ve proven that they eat all this type of thing there ' s hardly any cancer
377. she knew? well actually i you know i ' m i wasn ' t there so should probably not say much but you know i know is meant to be a very good hospital but i guess each cancer patient is different erm but what i didn ' t like about it was that i kept phoning up to say to dad any news any news about the tests? yes you know because we didn '
378. t like about it was that i kept phoning up to say to dad any news any news about the tests? yes you know because we didn ' t quite know at that stage how far the cancer had spread and he was like well she ' s on the list for the mri she ' s on the list she ' s on the list she ' s on the list yes she keeps getting bumped off
381. you know some of them are i should say the consultants but some of the are very good cos i ' ve i ' m sure you know as well unfortunately you know people have passed away from cancer and you hear all the different ways that the doctors talk about how long people have to live you know and this one had said to my dad erm i would think in erm day no i would
388. t know what an oncologist is and secondly they ' re like won ' t ask you because if they do know what it is they know it ' s really depressing and to do with cancer so student oncologist student oncologist i don ' t then you could be on rotation wouldn ' t you? they wouldn ' t know that they work in h and m unless they ' ve
389. the i was looking at the health statistics that this woman gave me to look at just something to do while my emails loaded the health statistics? and the biggest problem in health wise is erm skin cancer cos of apparently they ' ve put this down to the fact that people take long expensive holidays who live in in the oh mediterranean which leads to that well yeah i it ' s abnormally high in
390. mean if you ' re earning fifty grand that ' s like i ' m s you ' re doing alright like put it into the nhs instead like that makes sense yeah indeed and s spend it on cancer drugs spend it on childcare like brilliant stop giving people free fucking contraception mm well instead of giving them free contraception just er enforce them to be sterilized oh god with that i am quite
391. for their well children get free drugs oh fair er do you know what i mean like no but in all fairness like the nhs can ' t afford to prescribe mm certain drugs to kiddies with cancer and i think well hm mm quite i dunno i think i er but if you ' re a woman it ' s your human right to have a child so you can have ivf for free i
392. have a child so you can have ivf for free i ' m i ' m uncomfortable with that fuck off i ' ve gotta say that i think i think like yeah it should be spent on cancer drugs for kiddies you know rather than ivf i think that ' s something that is slightly less critical to to bringing sort of happiness to i dunno i don ' t know exactly how the figures
393. how the figures work so mm the other unfortunate argument is we ' re many people have postulated across the years you know stop paying for treatment for people who have self - inflicted illnesses mm i e cancer from smoking two huge problems with that firstly you ' re essentially condemning those people to a slow painful death yeah exactly which is which not reasonable it ' s not really the british way of doing things health system
394. s fine i ' m sure that they need to know the pronunciation of the word bollocks well now they in fact in fact i i did a tape the other day about gynaecological cancer i wonder if it ' s use whether it ' s used erm a lot mm i did a tape with a friend the other day about gynaecological cancers so they ' ve probably got a
395. the burning the rice because they know that nothing can be done about that and the people who need their rice they accept it yeah they ' ll accept it more than say yeah everyone ' s dying of cancer because we ' re building a load of buildings mm that we don ' t need yeah people will oppose that mm? people would they will need them when the population increases again hang on they ' d need
396. is it ' s not supposed to displace core services okay but say they also run health grants so rather than treatment centres what they ' ll do is they ' ll have therapy centres so for cancer sufferers they ' ll have like massage clinics and things like that which are just sort of okay bringing together kind of different groups of people to sort of it ' s all positive help share positive energy and
397. ' ve heard of it base erm it ' s an ugly fucker yeah largest largest colony is at my university oh really? which is kind of weird erm but it doesn ' t get cancer at all so it lives er that ' s why everyone ' s really interested in it cos obviously the biggest cause of death erm once you hit a certain age is cancer erm so yeah so
404. you need to ask this you know you need to ask about erm whether it ' s all been removed and how much of it that whether they ' ve excised it all if it is cancer what they ' ve snipped out and that but erm she phoned the doctors and erm they haven ' t had it yet right so well they probably have had it and it ' s
409. ##ing afterwards i ' m not surprised he really didn ' t mean it mm and in all fairness i did get quite large though it ' s like my friend erm she keeps telling me about this cancer business how you ' ll get over this you will it ' s not like pat i mean pat had that for twenty odd years she had to have problems for twenty odd years and you know she survived it
411. few years ago god probably oh god is it four or five years ago now? you could easily track it back looking at the media erm was that someone claimed that rhino horn had cured erm cancer in a government official and of course then demand shot through the roof and rhino started being slaughtered again in africa oh god and the last few in asia as well erm so there ' s several subspecies are
412. all on i mean if you think about it in terms of erm the model of medicine or something like that you don ' t get people throwing eighty percent of their money on one specific type of cancer or something do you? that ' s that ' s been proven to be very very difficult to cure they try and go for mm things that they can actually yeah ones that they can mm you know?
413. erm i suppose a bit of erm word of mouth and you know vietnam or mm finding out that one official claims that he you know this rhino erm powder mm or whatever helps cures cancer yeah mm and that that just changes the whole mm dynamic and the whole whole well it ' s actually gonna change the landscape of africa yeah literally because you ' re changing the eco the ecosystem erm it
414. ' s going out getting pissed and being able to have rhino horn as a hangover cure yeah and or buy it for your grandma so you ' d be doing all again yeah they ' re for cancer for cancer yeah yeah it ' s a cure all and that ' s the trouble with some things that are wondrous yeah allegedly yeah and also how d ' you educate the whole country? with without
415. going out getting pissed and being able to have rhino horn as a hangover cure yeah and or buy it for your grandma so you ' d be doing all again yeah they ' re for cancer for cancer yeah yeah it ' s a cure all and that ' s the trouble with some things that are wondrous yeah allegedly yeah and also how d ' you educate the whole country? with without a concert
429. smoker? no no no no but it was secondary the i think it turned out to be erm a brain tumour or something and obviously the the lungs as the secondary uhu erm cancer yeah erm oh god and you know and she was younger than erm but she was such a lovely person yeah and their whole family are lovely i mean i don ' t remember very well but na
432. er and then do you know about blood? yeah we learnt about it in science and there ' s one more the cos i remember there ' s like the there ' s all sorts that gets cancer there was the paramedics the policemen and then the trucks the trucks was the haemoglobins yeah the w the white ones were the paramedics were the paramedics and then
438. cases like that yeah they pay for it don ' t they? or you pay like er an amount towards it yeah mm but i don ' t even think you do well you don ' t for cancer treatment stuff do you? you get all that on the nhs you only have to pay for s preprescriptions prescriptions yeah but er but if you ' re over sixty - five you get them
440. t you could argue it ' s a good thing because all the coal plants they ' re opening i mean look at the air quality at least it would make that better yeah and this must be giving cancer to countless people don ' t say that er? it is they they just had the er the youngest person ever to get lung cancer didn ' t they? yeah in it ' s like a four -
449. she does but not in a way of like like erm i just don ' t think it ' s like i don ' t think she thinks like there was any cos with the type of cancer she had the the success rates were so low and it ' s like is it a success rate if you can ' t talk for like you can ' t like talk and like you ' re such a

