Cluster 1
6. sort of sh show and tell thing bring in something from if you ' ve got any sort of world war ii artefacts uh - huh this is when you lent me um amongst other things a spitfire tail wheel a massive swastika flag oh yes i did mm yeah um did you give them back to me? yes something i ' ve always wondered how did you get the tail wheel from a spitfire? didn
7. things a spitfire tail wheel a massive swastika flag oh yes i did mm yeah um did you give them back to me? yes something i ' ve always wondered how did you get the tail wheel from a spitfire? didn ' t they miss it? no wow very very dragging take off and and i i remembered it but i don ' t know dunno how i got it how did you get
8. most likely bet um oh the something interesting i found out the other day it turns out one of my um at one of my supervisors um was a spitfire pilot in north africa mhm probably his tail wheel you ' ve got he wants it back oh who ' s that? the the guy who refuses to retire um yes he ' s er he ' s still doggedly teaching um the um yeah i think
9. that if it ' s deployed actually no the brakes will be on if it ' s deployed mm so you ' re not going anywhere anyway um do they still make cars with airbags in the steering wheel? oh yes yeah oh but nowadays cars tend to have about seven airbags inside so you have one in the steering wheel one in front of the front seat passenger um one each side of the so in
10. going anywhere anyway um do they still make cars with airbags in the steering wheel? oh yes yeah oh but nowadays cars tend to have about seven airbags inside so you have one in the steering wheel one in front of the front seat passenger um one each side of the so in the side of the driver ' s seat and the side of the passenger ' s seat one for the driver ' s knees
20. do yeah yea that ' s not the best she ' s done that with me in the car and i told her to turn them off and keep driving yeah otherwise i was gonna take the steering wheel off her yeah and and steer us somewhere yeah how can you take the steering wheel off? i was gonna just drive and turn into a road she was gonna sit on your knee yeah go can ' t
29. hell and all to have it repaired yeah yeah that ' s pathetic it ' s pathetic i mean i can ' t do anything on the rover no do you know i can ' t even take the wheel off no? cos cos that ' s pathetic isn ' t it? yeah the the wheel nuts are locked on and i got the lock i can lock them though but the jack that they supply
30. can ' t do anything on the rover no do you know i can ' t even take the wheel off no? cos cos that ' s pathetic isn ' t it? yeah the the wheel nuts are locked on and i got the lock i can lock them though but the jack that they supply you is this little er wind up jack and i can ' t use that jack you put it in
34. little mower what i used to have over at the house to ride on? yeah i erm that ' s right i got some new tyres for it yeah off ebay and i took one wheel off come off lovely went to get the other wheel off that had seized on to the axle so i get it and hit it with a hammer didn ' t i? tried to break it free from the
35. the house to ride on? yeah i erm that ' s right i got some new tyres for it yeah off ebay and i took one wheel off come off lovely went to get the other wheel off that had seized on to the axle so i get it and hit it with a hammer didn ' t i? tried to break it free from the and penetrate and i tried to break it free i
36. old one yeah if they weren ' t crane you had to buy the pair didn ' t you? yeah cos they match you had to buy the pair the worm and the wing and the ground wheel no yeah yeah we converted it with a du we had a gearbox on it that ' s it yeah we put a gearbox on we had come down and work all the configuration out for the to drop the
40. the cruise control oh right but the cruise control on this is not the same as the cru well it is the same as what ' s on my car but you do do it on the steering wheel do you? there ' s a little button here you press yeah and then there ' s a little dial that you just move up and down to either increase or decrease the speed the speed yeah that '
55. really cold in the winter they ' re just always the opposite of what you need oh i like i just like leather seats they ' re just and it it did have a leather cover on the steering wheel that was quite nice yes so how what colour was it first of all? a dusty colour? like a charcoal the colour was really nice oh right it was he said it was blue and i was like
58. when you what? somebody st when i was doing tupperware it was a tupperware car and they they had it was in a cage underneath as just said and somebody actually stole a spare wheel and and another time someone put a machete through your roof thing that was the worst one that was a fiat punto mm and i was working in a certain area i better not say where it was
69. the early models and they sort of improved quite a bit of the stuff inside of them yeah like the air - conditioning and stuff like this hm and all the controls and all this stuff on the steering wheel yeah and like you get er you know we had we didn ' t get a book with it so i had to buy a book oh and of course it ' s all that all the stuff which is
73. ' t you? because i can ' t reach the pedals with comfort if i ' m not sat right no that ' s right you ' ve got long legs my knees are hitting the steering wheel? yes yeah one disadvantage of that is that if you are to just conceal the it doesn ' t mean you have to really bend forward a bit lean forward yes you can see any traffic coming yes yeah
74. can see any traffic coming yes yeah but it ' s amazing what opportunities we ' re getting i mean some cars do erm side by side parking spaces automatically really? they take control of the steering wheel and do it themselves that would be fantastic because that ' s one of the difficult manoeuvres isn ' t it? yes yes yes and erm some of them have got erm cameras at
79. don ' t think i see saw another one with lots of gears they all seemed to have these single gears and what i noticed after a while is that they ' re all what ' s called fixed wheel in other words you know when you just think oh i ' ll stop peddling now so you stop peddling well that ' s because you ' ve got a free wheel bike whether it ' s got
82. you ' ve got a free wheel bike whether it ' s got twenty - seven gears or whether it ' s got one gear if you can stop peddling it ' s a free wheel a fixed wheel means that the cog at the back is fixed to the wheel erm in in the way i mean they they ' re all fixed to the wheel eh anyway but fixed to the wheel in in the
91. traffic lights or something well that ' s the other thing you don ' t need a back break okay yeah you only need one break yeah and that is dangerous having because you you can control the back wheel by peddling slower i mean you can ' t stop peddling no straight away i mean you can eventually obviously because you can come to a stand still but you have to slow yourself but when the bike
101. ? yeah the car that follows behind mm mm mm they literally he extraordinary isn ' t it? unclipped it mm and then the bloke got out the back mm with a new wheel and put it on and then amazing he drove off mm and the back one had gone as well so and he was in the lead i think mm and he would have won if he hadn ' t had
109. ' ve got a spare that ' s er you well they won ' t cut them that ' s for your bikes yeah they won ' t get through that no you can chain them through the back wheel together is that like an inner tube? yeah i ' ve cut an old tube up that ' s great idea oh you ' ve done that did you? yeah crafty isn ' t he? yeah
112. got lights on and i didn ' t want to cycle down that massive hill with no lights yeah hence chatting to yeah can we get it in your car? yeah he said can you take the front wheel off? i said yeah it ' s got a i ' ve never used it yeah but it ' s a easy release front wheel oh so that ' s what i need to do just take the wheel
113. it in your car? yeah he said can you take the front wheel off? i said yeah it ' s got a i ' ve never used it yeah but it ' s a easy release front wheel oh so that ' s what i need to do just take the wheel with me to work hello it ' s a miracle it ' s a miracle why had i never thought about that before? because i
114. off? i said yeah it ' s got a i ' ve never used it yeah but it ' s a easy release front wheel oh so that ' s what i need to do just take the wheel with me to work hello it ' s a miracle it ' s a miracle why had i never thought about that before? because i ' d never thought about it getting stolen before really yeah well you know
118. d probably be enough hassle to deter a thief especially if there ' s other bikes there well they ' re not going to make a quick getaway are they? with a bike with only one wheel oh yeah you can ' t cycle it i was thinking because they could still wheel it like on the back wheel and just like walking around but then it would be like why? whwhy?
120. not going to make a quick getaway are they? with a bike with only one wheel oh yeah you can ' t cycle it i was thinking because they could still wheel it like on the back wheel and just like walking around but then it would be like why? whwhy? we it ' s a bit obvious yeah yeah yeah that ' s brill yeah yeah just do that you '
130. ve bitten it now oh doesn ' t matter well i was gonna it ' s all over my hand look at it i know it ' s all over my this it ' s all over the steering wheel this always happens when we go on our holidays it ' s like get the chocolate and it ' s all like melting in the glove compartment and it ' s not even that warm it ' s erm
135. back off the computer but i ' m happy never to take the back off the computer why would you do it? exactly i wouldn ' t do it i draw a line opening the bonnet a steering wheel and three pedals is where i start that ' s it it ' s something to do with the adapter i think cos it ' s not the right adapter no it used to work though
137. it ' s like but you can ' t er it ' s it ' s safe why isn ' t it if you can crash with a car? yeah it is yeah yeah yeah but well the wheel change will be totally difficult isn ' t it? well yeah it ' s a mountain bike and you know they they clear bits erm and the snow is not really the worst thing because usually it '
144. s after her accident? well she ' s alright but they still haven ' t got the car and now is the car a write off? no it ' s just it it i think the front wheel and the front side ' s got bumped right? the side mm her side at the front and the wheel got bumped so the balance was all off on all of that right? so the mm she rang
146. ##ped? we need one each yeah for the bus stop yeah that had a that had a a think a an engine and the used to drop down on the tyre and that used to drive the back wheel along yeah you ' ll probably get a as well have you seen the bikes what are ele electric? you pedal but they ' re electric they ' re really cool yeah yeah they ' re good aren
147. a thin roundabout yeah yeah yeah uh but but if you experience it of course you you would just know how the curve how how to draw the curve out of the shape that you turned in the steering wheel so yeah i know it ' s a funny one like u you know when peo you know when you ' re learning to drive people always say to you yeah once you ' ve learned like y you
148. of shelter people and stuff uh or like some people are bad yeah you ' ve seen accidents you ' ve seen like bumps and stuff um i have yeah i have yeah i saw someone get their front wheel bent like that was really bad they were alright it was quite a sort of slow and in the end it was quite a slow impact yeah it ' s it ' s terrible when uh but like the car
158. so it had nothing to do with putting on erm so h we had two bars going across and then the the bike rack is sort of there ' s a long piece that goes and then your wheel slots in between two poles oh i see yeah in a special bit and then all it has is w a p a plastic strap goes over and holds the bottom of each of the front and the back wheel
164. you ' re and you ' ve got this little fine bit of wire that you ' ve got yeah wind it up with and i tried jacking it up and and you put it on the back wheel right? mm but it also jacked the front wheel up so you ' re jacking the whole half a car up whole car up oh really? oh but it ' s only in a little like
165. bit of wire that you ' ve got yeah wind it up with and i tried jacking it up and and you put it on the back wheel right? mm but it also jacked the front wheel up so you ' re jacking the whole half a car up whole car up oh really? oh but it ' s only in a little like triangle bit wasn ' t it? yeah it ' s
170. to drive again grandpa was saying he well he we don ' t know he ah wanted to get a specially adapted car cos he ' s got to have the have all the controls on the steering wheel oh right attached to that yes erm so it ' s gonna cost an awful lot of money yes probably gave him something towards it uhu yeah and he was meant to have it this month or be
175. irritating but but and er but you see everybody ' s vying for those yeah i mean with a pram not wide enough for a pram those no no no no you know just for one wheel and so all this i only ever saw one mobility scooter and i thought yeah because no way are you going to be on a mobility scooter gosh isn ' t that interesting and as
178. it is isn ' t it? i don ' t know that ' s what it looks like but i don ' t know no it ' s a toyota mm? well that ' s what the wheel says anyway well you have to buy some sort of wheels has to have no but it looks like a toyota does it? yeah how old is that? eighties? mm hmm i don ' t understand those
181. back wheels of this motorbike are sat on the tail ramp and the tapes that tie it to the car erm come right down the side mm and they actually go through the wheel the back wheel oh right and back up through where there ' s a gap in the in the wheel yeah mm you see? you haven ' t got it have you? no so what happens when he drives off?
193. we might ' ve been in a slightly different ball game um yeah but it would ' ve been difficult to prove oh some people are just mental the optimum would ' ve been to hit his rear wheel hm sort of take him off the bike maybe break a few things but well if i ' d been thinking a bit quicker and he was a bit slower i could ' ve gone after him down road huh
195. ? lovely you enjoyed it? food mm what did you have? oh steak burgers er biscotti thing oh that was lovely yeah nice and the bowl it come out in was like a spare wheel don ' t know how to eat out of it oh gorgeous it was really nice would you go back there do you think? yeah yeah yeah great stuff the only thing is driving was fine knowing where you
208. ##s he thinks he ' s so good at ha well he was good wasn ' t he? yeah because he thinks he ' s so good at handling like a bike yeah with his hands on the wheel how far is it from their house to the tennis club? you ' ve been to his house i know how far is that to? it ' ll probably be the same thing travelling eight miles? no
219. what do i do? pick again? you ' ve gotta do objects again cos that ' s where you are bright blue and i will say go well it ' s the two things between the wheel of a car long and straight where the wheels rotate spokes upon no it ' s a long thing between chassis it ' s something you wear on your head hat er thrthree three letters certainly glasses
220. proper sixties that is driving gloves? fluffy ones fluffy gloves yeah no they were fluffy mittens and they used to have this this leather thing that used sew up and put round your round your steering wheel that used to fit exactly yeah oh yeah fluffy steering wheel yeah yeah and then they had bead seats a lion print one er like a tiger print steering wheel remember all them silly beading things oh yeah
225. i think the montego yep erm pushbike what was the one that the wheel came off? lambretta? ron harold yes ron harold yeah that happens that happens with him the front wheel spins don ' t last forever no they don ' t then the wishbone joint went we was driving along and the bloody thing jumped down the bonnet came up we couldn ' t see the whole bloody wheel
227. used to do it all the time really? yeah yeah both the herald and the vitesse had the same problem the wheels would either go like that or if you were going round a corner one wheel would go like that that ' s what happened to us that ' s bad and there was one the vitesse one of them at gate duty at school thought this vitesse came up the the

Cluster 2
13. like oh you know it was a bit dodgy on the steering it was one this is a problem with you know the the front er bearing yeah so what they have to do is we take the wheel off and then there ' s a nut here you have to undo you undo the nut and then you can draw the hub and the bearing comes off of the hub and then to get the bearing up you
31. er wind up jack and i can ' t use that jack you put it in and er oh that ' s not geared down properly that ' s not geared down you can ' t jack jack the wheel up i ' d had to have the rsc or the aa in to change a puncture i would i i can ' t do it i tried jacking it up and and that jack you put
32. the back you put the jack in here and that jacks the whole lot up again and that do the same thing they don ' t just jack individual like they used to no and of course the wheel is going down all the time because the suspension you got to yeah and the and the jack they supply is pathetic absolutely pathetic whereas you go up down the and they just reel it underneath pump it up and
33. whereas you go up down the and they just reel it underneath pump it up and that or they put it on on the car lift on the car lift and that ' s it innit? your wheel ' s free or they that ' s getting worse that can ' t that won ' t get better i know that ' s getting worse vehicles are getting stupid now and and and why are we still messing
45. in a car park one time and it ' s it ' s not much and he says i took it to er that ' s the garage he goes to and they said it needed a new er wheel arch on altogether mm he said what do you think about it? and oh i said doesn ' t oh they said take it to a body shop so he said do you know where there ' s a
59. well then i don ' t mind seeing all them oh and by the way since this is a gun i ' m going to use it for my okay can you put the brown one back in the wheel what is this? erm that is part of a buzz droid which is this droid that goes in the is this a bit of lego or is this a lolly stick? er that is
60. we haven ' t sorted this one out oh how about if i found a body piece i ' ll put it down there because i ' m a little too far forward where shall i do about the wheel? put them in the wheel one oh no sign of that black one it ' s quite big though so it wouldn ' t have got hoovered up or anything mm could have been no i don '
61. one out oh how about if i found a body piece i ' ll put it down there because i ' m a little too far forward where shall i do about the wheel? put them in the wheel one oh no sign of that black one it ' s quite big though so it wouldn ' t have got hoovered up or anything mm could have been no i don ' t well i try not to
63. i worked with even thirty thirty years ago you can you can ' t work with that stuff now no no you can ' t no but a few years only a few years ago if you changed your wheel changed the and put new brake pads or s brake shoes in they were all made of aasbestos mm and you could actually smell it when you blew them out yeah cleaned them out mm that all
76. for about two hours don ' t know if was that long but whatever ooh oh ooh crap that was close he scraped himself then didn ' t he? no i thought he got almost the wheel that was so close i would not risk that i would not wouldn ' t wanna bring my no bmw up there don ' t risk i don ' t risk it you ' re always your audi he obviously
88. had to keep peddling because if you stopped peddling the pedals kept going and the same thing happened it would throw you off so originally all bikes as far as i ' m aware were fixed wheel and then you know somebody came up with the idea of putting ball bearings in and what the ball bearings do is that they go they fit them all the way round the cog at the back yeah which
92. i mean it is for people that really know what they ' re doing and it ' s really i i wouldn ' t like one mm and you ' d have to be careful changing from a free wheel to a fixed because you you ' d forget you can get yourself into a you can get yourself into a lot of trouble if you ' re not careful yeah it would throw you off yeah i don '
93. does he was across there polishing the stones yeah or whatever and we were really struggling and i went to the garage to get some wood see if they had any wood i could yeah put under the wheel and i pulled out a tin cos was out you see so cos i would have asked her to come and tow off and cos she ' s got a four wheel drive yeah and i called
96. fucking winded i know that caw you have to walk a mile before you even get out your car it ' s even worse back there going to go fair you want to go on the big wheel mum? no i don ' t like heights either does ah even more i ' m not great with i ' d prefer not to be at a height i couldn ' t just be in something with a
98. t know that he was on his phone so he must ' ve actually been on his phone with one hand and beeping the horn with the other well he must ' ve taken his hand off the wheel i d to beep the horn otherwise how can you do that? you can ' t can you? no he was definitely his phone well that makes it even worse yes it does yes it does because
99. otherwise how can you do that? you can ' t can you? no he was definitely his phone well that makes it even worse yes it does yes it does because he took his hands off the wheel so his so who are you car could ' ve gone anywhere who are you trying to defend here? nobody i ' m not trying to no no no i think you did the right ththing but i
117. ##s there ' s a spring and stuff i just need to find the diagram to show us show me that and yeah yeah job done and then i just take the bike on the bu ah the the wheel yeah on the bus with me to work i mean you could still steal it if you were really determined but it ' d be it ' d probably be enough hassle to deter a thief especially if there
132. tables and he was like hopping onto them and jumping between them oh cool yeah he had all quite people would lie on the floor and he was like jumping over them and he ' d get his front wheel and then he ' d put the front wheel onto there and it was am a show like i have never i ' ve never seen yeah text me i ' ve just met hans rey and i went it
133. jumping between them oh cool yeah he had all quite people would lie on the floor and he was like jumping over them and he ' d get his front wheel and then he ' d put the front wheel onto there and it was am a show like i have never i ' ve never seen yeah text me i ' ve just met hans rey and i went it wasn ' t that long ago was it?
136. and we went underneath and he said yeah yeah look at this look this is like oh you ' ve missed that one and it ' s you know where the the drive shaft is? yeah with front wheel drive you have a rubber er cover yeah you know like a coat thing er and that protects the metal yeah bearing inside erm from dust and everything and that one will split t yeah over time just happens
138. so cos you ' re going so quick you ' ve got to brake then and er take it so you slow down and take the turning but cos there was a bit of rain er that wheel just slid like on the grass and cos i come off he had to brake behind me and then he went and slammed into me fortunately my bike was okay and i was okay i think we must have
139. more soft cos when you think that is the only contact with the road yes and so really you ' re probably looking at er five square inches or something on mm on each er actual yeah each wheel like mm and that ' s your contact mm er and in certain instances it yeah it ' s not enough and right mm so the winter tyres so you ' d need to have a lot of supplies laid
142. by the car like racing towards us i was gonna i was gonna like i like weeing you were like on the car you know they had when i had i had i was weeing on your wheel yeah and then and before i could like i just like befobefore i ' d even thought about that ' s what what was happening and i was like i should probably move away from the
143. that happened er run over yourself? well i i was ge i was i was gettigetting into a car and someone drove off while we were at oh and i dragged my foot under the wheel of the car oh oh ah ah and like burnt literally my shoe just like ripped off and then it burnt through the skin on my heel oh and you ' ve had some terrible injuries ah that happened to
145. is the car a write off? no it ' s just it it i think the front wheel and the front side ' s got bumped right? the side mm her side at the front and the wheel got bumped so the balance was all off on all of that right? so the mm she rang ththe erm aa or whoever she ' s with and they said no ring your insurance company so she
149. bad they were alright it was quite a sort of slow and in the end it was quite a slow impact yeah it ' s it ' s terrible when uh but like the car just went into the wheel and the wheel was like you know bent sort of that way and uh na they weren ' t happy um how uh how did that how d ' that happen? so um i was i was waiting at
150. alright it was quite a sort of slow and in the end it was quite a slow impact yeah it ' s it ' s terrible when uh but like the car just went into the wheel and the wheel was like you know bent sort of that way and uh na they weren ' t happy um how uh how did that how d ' that happen? so um i was i was waiting at it was a
151. like they just w just went into the cyclist the cyclist had their brakes on and the car had their brakes on but they just sort of clashed no one fell off or anything but literally just bent the wheel like in half yeah and the cyclist was like you look what you ' ve done to my bike rah rah rah um and uh what what do you do if uh if that happens to your
157. we were up heading up over one of the sort of passes you know mountains it was erm and on the side there was just some gravel and we stopped there and when we started again my back wheel just sort of spun and went like literally just started and fell off and then just put my hand down erm so er mine wasn ' t too bad but my friend who ' s a very good mountain
159. slots in between two poles oh i see yeah in a special bit and then all it has is w a p a plastic strap goes over and holds the bottom of each of the front and the back wheel and then there ' s a bar that comes up belonging to the the lengthwise bit yeah that comes up with a clamp on the top and that clamps on to the cross the the the forty
160. up it ' s it really is tramps up tight onto that bar yeah that ' s holding it upright and what ' s keeping it on the top are just these two straps yeah on your bottom wheel right and then you can ' t i mean you can move them a little bit but mm there ' s no way they ' re gonna come off do they make a row driving along do they whistle and
162. or out from underneath yeah i mean that ' s a major bloody operation it is it is you know you have to sort of like get it in this oh wind it down and then crawl out this wheel which you can hardly lift that ' s right yeah and the jack is in the middle of the wheel and you ' ve got to sort of slide that out yeah somehow or other i mean if you were
163. you have to sort of like get it in this oh wind it down and then crawl out this wheel which you can hardly lift that ' s right yeah and the jack is in the middle of the wheel and you ' ve got to sort of slide that out yeah somehow or other i mean if you were wearing anything but a set of overalls you ' re talking about ruining your all your clothes as well
169. every single thing yourself that ' s ridiculous i mean that ' s ridiculous it just is ridiculous it ' s just not the right way to go about doing it at all you ' re reinventing the wheel all the time aren ' t you? exactly it ' s completely pointless the best is to take the best of what ' s on offer and adapt it if you need to exactly exactly which is what i
171. was teaching i was sent to go and get who started driving and was a bit erratic and i thought he ' d been drinking hadn ' t he? he was t he nearly fell asleep at the wheel oh no he hit the bollards oh god you know that flyover bit where you ' re there ' s so yeah i got him to go down i said just go down here is this the
173. made him feel rotten i think is that? but it didn ' t suit my dad at all basically some some people love it alan loved it you know i wonder if we ' ve got a slight wheel imbalance it ' s tracking left when it ' s left to its own devices oh slightly maybe it ' s just the camber mm challenge of our rival rival hmm actually that ' s pretty good because
174. the drive down to the hostel is an adventure in itself yes gosh you ' d think there ' d be some idiot sued them for you would wouldn ' t yeah? for a loss of the wheel and a tyre yeah seven hundred quid half shaft gone for it mm most people don ' t seem to mind at all do they? something smashed mm but we got worried that we won ' t travel
177. to them it involves an offer of driving tuition well cos jackie scraped it in the car but came round and he said sorry about that i ' m gonna get some sort of by scraped yeah her wheel scraped it and it went black yeah and yeah there were few black marks on it there was more damage to the car there was more damage to the car than to the wall which is actually quite significant chunks
180. down and the back wheels of this motorbike are sat on the tail ramp and the tapes that tie it to the car erm come right down the side mm and they actually go through the wheel the back wheel oh right and back up through where there ' s a gap in the in the wheel yeah mm you see? you haven ' t got it have you? no so what happens when he
182. tie it to the car erm come right down the side mm and they actually go through the wheel the back wheel oh right and back up through where there ' s a gap in the in the wheel yeah mm you see? you haven ' t got it have you? no so what happens when he drives off? well that ' s right s he ' ll er snap it and and the comment underneath
185. yeah yes with a big garden for you yes sit down there i just want a car that i don ' t have to clamber into the back seat to put him in and mm take the wheel off the pushchair to get it in the boot and i know i can actually put the seat and the pushchair in the boot rather than have to put the seat yeah on the chair and
186. convenient mm and i can imagine a good price and so no i just never really wanted to learn and in spain as well you have to pass the theory exam before you can even get behind a a wheel a wheel i think that ' s a good idea in some ways yeah i think it is c although er the that put me off in spain oh okay just because i couldn ' t er y yeah you
187. and i can imagine a good price and so no i just never really wanted to learn and in spain as well you have to pass the theory exam before you can even get behind a a wheel a wheel i think that ' s a good idea in some ways yeah i think it is c although er the that put me off in spain oh okay just because i couldn ' t er y yeah you feel like
189. ' s problematic yeah did it just like roll off or just like explode? well no it ' s did it just explode? it tore from the side wall oh okay so that ' s like your wheel there and you got the tyre that comes off like behind it and it just split all around the side wall really? and then came off there yeah i ' ve got a photo of it oh i must
197. er this is the lorry here the car was like this sideways on oh like that and i like from where i saw it it looked like the driver in the lorry had his head on the wheel but i don ' t know if he was just relaxing or whatever relaxing after taking a deep breath but like then i was driving on and then i saw a fire engine go by then i saw the two
198. hundred i got the gist quite a lot considering how little i ' ve earned yes mm erm now on saturday mum will be driving over but i want to go out and watch why has that wheel come off the chair? cos i just moved it i want to watch the calcutta cup rugby game england scotland what time is? which doesn ' t kick off until sixteen fifty but i ' ll probably
210. to the end and it ' s got like not quite lined up? yeah er everyone ' s got that problem so yeah you know? but the you might have more of a problem with the front wheel steering is what i was thinking what ' s this? robot? cos it ' s cos the yeah cos people were saying it like but like bbut as soon as you hit the block
211. the fact it might be jumping from side to side with the steering it might be more out of line because of one of those recent jumps than other people ' s when they ' re doing the rear wheel steering hold on sorry i ' m messaging dad er er two player purple i ' m literally wearing the shirt that he said he said er one any similar to a purple one but in a different colour so
212. kylie version ' s pretty similar ow not not got much soul has it? now come on come do the locomotion do the locomotion with me jump up oh oh get in get in wheel of the train now a little bit of rhythm and a lot of soul orange here yeah yeah yeah yeah move around the floor in a locomotion next please what on earth? quiet over there but she
218. true like i hate the amber drivers they ' re so fucking rude well i ' ve fell out with amber they ' re always on their phones really? always cos the driver fell asleep at the wheel the other night have you heard owt back about your complaint yet? yeah he said the the call was recorded like when i rang and he was like y like he was like erm well u it
224. morris morris minors erm mazda mondeo you know montego erm that was the one that got burnt out i think the montego yep erm pushbike what was the one that the wheel came off? lambretta? ron harold yes ron harold yeah that happens that happens with him the front wheel spins don ' t last forever no they don ' t then the wishbone joint went we
226. spins don ' t last forever no they don ' t then the wishbone joint went we was driving along and the bloody thing jumped down the bonnet came up we couldn ' t see the whole bloody wheel had gone right flat underneath the car that ' s quite a bad breakdown it used to do it all the time really? yeah yeah both the herald and the vitesse had the same problem the wheels
228. and we got nearly here but then this blooming we slow down to go round this corner good job we did well we weren ' t going very fast and all of a sudden twing and the wheel was under the car and that took us we weren ' t in any road recovery then we had to some chap stopped to help us and he fl rang for a recovrecovery we had

Cluster 3
0. there yeah no we decided we ' re gonna put the doors in with the wheels oh what? why couldn ' t we put them in there? because there ' s not very many things in the wheel tray were you not around for our conversation? there ' s a lot of wheels this is lego technic and it was also put in the green drawer oh this doesn ' t go there erm that
1. t actually have to do anything this doesn ' t go in there in here stop it just a letter in the person life oh life oh life expert is this lego technic all this stuff? i wheel yes oh life all three? yeah they ' re cogs do you know the? white cogs go in here er cogs go in here cos they are a type of wheel do you know
2. ? i wheel yes oh life all three? yeah they ' re cogs do you know the? white cogs go in here er cogs go in here cos they are a type of wheel do you know my hands my the creases of my hand are still purple from when i died my hair the other week do you see? my hands are quite sore from sorting all that lego your
3. ##pikey like well i think you ' ll survive i know i ' ll survive i know i ' ll survive right is this the cog? yes cog so all cogs going in the wheel section yep even if they ' re lego technic? all cogs are lego technic well i don ' t understand why they ' re not going in the lego technic drawer because they ' re
4. ' re lego technic? all cogs are lego technic well i don ' t understand why they ' re not going in the lego technic drawer because they ' re a certain type of wheel alright wheel so we ' re gonna make more easter nests tomorrow duh woo hoo ah just cos we haven ' t had enough chocolate this easter a hundred dollar yes a hundred pound notes go in
5. lego technic? all cogs are lego technic well i don ' t understand why they ' re not going in the lego technic drawer because they ' re a certain type of wheel alright wheel so we ' re gonna make more easter nests tomorrow duh woo hoo ah just cos we haven ' t had enough chocolate this easter a hundred dollar yes a hundred pound notes go in person co
16. out and spin oh well i guess these bits of fur are reserved for the birds in the garden anyway yes to make their nests with yes so you can pull it out and yeah needs a proper spinning wheel who ' s that? oh was it? yeah with his dog with the dog aw yay so what the birds when how will you tell when they ' re nesting? i ' m not quite sure
23. a i would have said no no no you have a go yeah? yeah oh could have been worse could have been worse i think i know what the the third one was roulettes means little wheel in french mm listened to that stuff you should know podcast last night about casinos where they started oh right how they how far they can date back the first casino of er in venice i think the first one
24. i mean it ' s smugglers smuggler ' s quite yes a hard one i was trying to get orange and whale together like food okay mm that ' s the one to go for okay okay wheel how many? two i was listening to a podcast the other night and they were talking about casinos and roulette is french for little wheel you just said that i know oh so okay let me have
25. mm that ' s the one to go for okay okay wheel how many? two i was listening to a podcast the other night and they were talking about casinos and roulette is french for little wheel you just said that i know oh so okay let me have a look wheel s what is it? wheel two i had a a little bit of a he does repeat himself blip blip in in
26. two i was listening to a podcast the other night and they were talking about casinos and roulette is french for little wheel you just said that i know oh so okay let me have a look wheel s what is it? wheel two i had a a little bit of a he does repeat himself blip blip in in the matrix it isn ' t a wheel date ti or cotton reel is next
27. podcast the other night and they were talking about casinos and roulette is french for little wheel you just said that i know oh so okay let me have a look wheel s what is it? wheel two i had a a little bit of a he does repeat himself blip blip in in the matrix it isn ' t a wheel date ti or cotton reel is next mint roulette i think
28. okay let me have a look wheel s what is it? wheel two i had a a little bit of a he does repeat himself blip blip in in the matrix it isn ' t a wheel date ti or cotton reel is next mint roulette i think and hang on though mum so i would guess roulette circle and cycycle two well i got but can you but can you put
37. like a present so he could lock it up and they cut the thing off and they lost the key and when you lock it up make sure you put the lock through the frame as well as the wheel yeah as well as the wheel so then just well the guy told me that cos they ' ll just take the wheel off and take the frame and take the frame yeah wanna go through the whatsis
39. it up make sure you put the lock through the frame as well as the wheel yeah as well as the wheel so then just well the guy told me that cos they ' ll just take the wheel off and take the frame and take the frame yeah wanna go through the whatsisname bit cos it ' s the frame that ' s worth the money i suppose put it through the whatsisname
41. was worse in victorian times whereas you know we are equal while er lots of people don ' t think we are and lots of boys that we looked after they er they loved dolls they do yes yeah wheel the prams around yes of course you had all this yes yes of course yes i mean it ' s just equal equal really isn ' t it? yes yeah basically isn ' t it? and and
42. thing that england has given to the world is the time isn ' t it? yes everything seems to be calculated from that greenwich mean time doesn ' t it? yes do you like the falkirk wheel in scotland? are you surprised at how that works sort of lift it was it was an amazing structure wasn ' t it? how they thought that one out yeah did you enjoy or were you a little
43. thought that one out yeah did you enjoy or were you a little bit sort of scared? yeah it was a bit of an experience wasn ' t it? yeah it was a bit like a ferris wheel in some respects yes it was wasn ' t it? yes yes i ' m glad we did it though yes bit strange in some ways then sort of ah a river can sort of have like two tier
44. two tiers or on different levels yeah yeah how did the? i don ' t know with difficulty probably obviously it was just have a big splash if you just didn ' t eh come down the wheel itself yes apparently stirling is meant to be quite a nice ahm place mm are you aware of stirling? no i haven ' t been there no i don ' t know what it ' s like there
46. this is on the river oh yes mm hm mm it ' s a flour mill that ' s what it looks like oh yes and that ' s the is that the mill? yes er with the wheel there it is yes water coming through here mm that ' s it ' s enough to power fifty houses at maximum output well eh yes just that one wheel? just that one little wheel did i tell you
50. see if er well i think that ' s much nicer than a wind turbine oh i do mm and i bet it has maybe more power mm yes i mean that ' s only a small little wheel that was intended to as a flour mill so it it ' s not yes yes i i say how long ago is that? that is a long time ago it ' s in the seventeen fifty - five
62. or whenever there ' s gonna be another challenge there ' s going to be something interesting and exciting and then something to aim for yeah cos you do sort of inevitably get swept up in the the wheel of the office and you know oh well will i get promoted and will i get a bit more money and it ' s worth staying and mm i think if i stayed there i would be living in for
65. though he ' s poorly he ' s still gonna do it? yeah yeah and you ' re not swayed at all by the fact that they ' re gonna make a a chocolate a white chocolate ferris wheel or anything like that? i am well that ' s basically one of the reasons but it ' s not like a oh that ' s good so and i do like the other group with the very tall
66. if you can ' t spread it out until it ' s all totally on do you want me to get it all on for you? yes please yeah? okay okay okay right sad about that ferris wheel breaking wasn ' t it? yeah it looked amazing though uhu who would have thought you can make a white chocolate ferris wheel stop oh attending to lick the your spatula oh i look very sexy no
67. you? yes please yeah? okay okay okay right sad about that ferris wheel breaking wasn ' t it? yeah it looked amazing though uhu who would have thought you can make a white chocolate ferris wheel stop oh attending to lick the your spatula oh i look very sexy no no no you oh this sexy think again this spatula can you cut yourself on a spatula? like like yours yes you
75. cool i mean yeah that defini looks pretty nice it ' s it ' s a really good mouse really cool is it just plug and play? yeah it ' s great you got erm scroll wheel it ' s also like got left and right as well oh that ' s pretty useful yeah that ' s probably what are the buttons on the side? er j other buttons er yeah you can have it
77. and go right it ' s a place down south right erm and sort of where in the world? no down the south of england right and it ' s a there ' s a big ferris wheel there and the first section of it is the opposite of white blackpool yep yay wait whawhawhat you said blackpool was down south it is kind of it is for us for here for newcastle it
78. down south for us blackpool i love it when you said it ' s south of where sounded like literally where is it like the world? i thought you were gonna say it ' s a massive ferris wheel in london could have said the capital of the country i couldn ' t think of what that fucking erm play area is pleasure beach pleasure beach the pleasure beach it ' s not a play area i had
90. what the ball bearings do is that they go they fit them all the way round the cog at the back yeah which means that em eh once you stop peddling the wheel keeps going round back wheel keeps going round but the cog stays still because the ball bearings in the centre are spinning round okay? right and then when you pedal again em it picks up the momentum well fixed wheels don ' t
97. little bar across me now no no you ' d freak out wouldn ' t you? yeah i ' ll have wobbles when i ' m doing things last time i remember going on a big wheel thing in france at the end of the champs elysees or whatever it ' s called oh re how do you say that? you know what i mean there ' s a langley looks where that blue
100. ' t say it i can see it there in your mind working yeah i think my hamster ' s taking a break oh oh do you know what i meant by that? yeah your hamster wheel in your head mm oh been together a long time haven ' t we? what? that i know there ' s a little hamster in your head mm trying to run round in a circle making your
102. going back to your parents ' weird phobia of central heating oh i think they don ' t know how to set it like set the timing properly yeah mm it ' s got one of those wheel things oh like we ' ve got? yeah mm but i had a look at it just before we left mm and it ' s set as if it came out the shop oh no way like everything '
115. why had i never thought about that before? because i ' d never thought about it getting stolen before really yeah well you know not but then how long is it going to take you to take a wheel off every morning? no it ' s a quick release wheel literally it ' s got a lever it ' s just figuring out how to put it back on oh if you could get the art of that
123. size of a wagon wheel they did they were huge weren ' t they the size of a wagon wheel that ' s not p and now they ' re like a i don ' t know a button wheel the size of a they ' re like a lego wheel yeah you never used to get a wagon wheel in your mouth did you you used to have to have competitions to try and fit them in your mouth
128. that though i didn ' t know my grandfather at all but it doesn ' t really matter because what i ' ve learnt is that he was just you know one small cog in a very big wheel of this family you know and when you see it from that perspective you actually yeah learn more about yourself by thinking about why is it that i ' m interested in teaching? why is it that i '
131. s not is it? can ' t hear it no you ' d hear it no has it run out of battery? no it doesn ' t have batteries clever clock oh what powers it? the wheel inside it ' s got quite i just hope he ' s recording my programme oh you wind it mm wow i love the sound of a clock what? the winding sound? no the tick - tock
134. finished with these? yes i am have you had enough fishy pie birthday girl? i have i ' m going to burst that it was good real there ' s everywhere vegetarian was it good? wheel wobbly so good no really delicious ready ready he worked very hard on that mm all afternoon while we were thank you so much dad yes it was really delicious good we ' ve got through five episodes we
140. didn ' t we? mm there was a a swing shall we call it? and it was a you know like er wall of death? it was a big round mm er a drum like big wheel wheel sort of thing mm a drum mm and you you went in and there ' s all cages at the side and you went in one of these and they shut the cage like you ' re in did
141. ' t we? mm there was a a swing shall we call it? and it was a you know like er wall of death? it was a big round mm er a drum like big wheel wheel sort of thing mm a drum mm and you you went in and there ' s all cages at the side and you went in one of these and they shut the cage like you ' re in did you
152. are you sure? but they frighten me yeah but the scary rides are easy you just sit there i had to make i had to make the erm the m what is it? the big wheel stop when i was a child and they had to bring me down cos i went fucking ape shit and frightened the other children oh no you wanna come to do you wanna come to thorpe park on friday
176. in germany frankfurt er a useless organ that can sometimes explode spleen no the o kidney liver you it ' s very common to have an operation to remove it appendix ah ferrous is a com wheel no ferrous of what metal? iron yeah and its basic compound its raw compound iron ore er a spikey plant in mexico cactus cactus er the british empire is now called the something and it '
179. mm the same age as the flat tut yeah so um so i um i tried to sort of cobble that together and i put it all back and then er inside there ' s a little wheel on a spindle and as you pull it it turns and that ' s what you know oh okay it ' s like like a little can it ' s it sort of flicks the switch mm as
184. where the window comes out? oh were you on the inside? yeah oh the outside would ' ve been brilliant well it was erm it was a bit of both to be honest on a catherine wheel mm and my mum always makes a joke about like oh that motorcyclist wasn ' t very happy of sick and i was like was there a motorcyclist and i know there wasn '
190. s just general windows use you generally er you move around a bit much anyway do you? that ' s it you ' re using keyboard a lot yeah cos you either typing or yeah the scroll wheel yeah scroll wheel and you can use page page down if it ' s on a web page mm so you t i tended to find that i also learnt a lot more keyboard shortcuts so there were
192. t i would sell it love it or what ' s it? love it or leave it is it? it well i have charity rubbish and sell well where look if doesn ' t want that that wheel it ' s like gavin and stacey second hand city if he doesn ' t want that wheelbarrow if he doesn ' t want the ladder should i take them down to the auction? i would wi
196. and potentially a slog that will still not be finished until i ' m like forty - five yeah yeah basically or something if he takes as long writing the next couple of books ever heard of the wheel of time? no that ' s a series apparently it ' s similar along a similar vein but it ' s i mean i ' m not really in i ' m not really in to fantasy like fifteen
206. a very good little hamster she just was a bit thick and didn ' t like running or anything she did she used her wheel she wa she does the she did the hamster walk in the wheel but if you out her sort of and see whether she ' d actually do anything faster than walking speed she very much refused oh no she did she just did it at night well she ' s a ham
217. s happy mm hot put your hand out and withdraw it quickly where shrug your shoulders with your palms held out where rabbit winkle wrinkle up your nose or hold up two fingers past the imaginary wheel book hold your hands flat with your palms up yes well we learnt those code you need to know more about the art of signing sing and sign classes let ' s see erm four and five mm doesn
229. eye and then when it is lit up at night it the eye yeah it like creates the the lights yeah oh sorry yeah the yeah shadow so beautiful i thought you were talking because they put a ferris wheel erm near the but they ' ve i think they ' ve taken i think it is just a temporary one so that ' s why i thought you like the in london oh did they? oh yeah

Cluster 4
17. go on you do it hm mm don ' t know whether i can do it now cos you have to pull it and twist it do you have machines that that do that? well the spinning wheel used to be what you used and how do you? the old spinning wheel but how do you put that hair onto a spinning wheel? hm do you have to feed it in? the yes virtually you
18. it now cos you have to pull it and twist it do you have machines that that do that? well the spinning wheel used to be what you used and how do you? the old spinning wheel but how do you put that hair onto a spinning wheel? hm do you have to feed it in? the yes virtually you feed it in and it spins very fast and it ' s got a weight
19. it do you have machines that that do that? well the spinning wheel used to be what you used and how do you? the old spinning wheel but how do you put that hair onto a spinning wheel? hm do you have to feed it in? the yes virtually you feed it in and it spins very fast and it ' s got a weight on it so it ' s pulling it while it '
21. me in the car and i told her to turn them off and keep driving yeah otherwise i was gonna take the steering wheel off her yeah and and steer us somewhere yeah how can you take the steering wheel off? i was gonna just drive and turn into a road she was gonna sit on your knee yeah go can ' t take the steering wheel off put it her side no i just put i just turned
22. and steer us somewhere yeah how can you take the steering wheel off? i was gonna just drive and turn into a road she was gonna sit on your knee yeah go can ' t take the steering wheel off put it her side no i just put i just turned the hazards off and said keep driving oh we ' re going to turn off into a road when there is one and then we ' ll look
38. lock it up and they cut the thing off and they lost the key and when you lock it up make sure you put the lock through the frame as well as the wheel yeah as well as the wheel so then just well the guy told me that cos they ' ll just take the wheel off and take the frame and take the frame yeah wanna go through the whatsisname bit cos it '
47. is that the mill? yes er with the wheel there it is yes water coming through here mm that ' s it ' s enough to power fifty houses at maximum output well eh yes just that one wheel? just that one little wheel did i tell you that er when we was cleaning well partly cleaning the garage out yes i came across this bike wheel with a dynamo in it in the hub the recent oh
48. er with the wheel there it is yes water coming through here mm that ' s it ' s enough to power fifty houses at maximum output well eh yes just that one wheel? just that one little wheel did i tell you that er when we was cleaning well partly cleaning the garage out yes i came across this bike wheel with a dynamo in it in the hub the recent oh the to power electricity for the
49. houses at maximum output well eh yes just that one wheel? just that one little wheel did i tell you that er when we was cleaning well partly cleaning the garage out yes i came across this bike wheel with a dynamo in it in the hub the recent oh the to power electricity for the national grid doesn ' t it look beautiful yes yeah and and that ' s it down there is it? yes yes
51. you could work out how far you ' re going i think you need one of those like s what did we have at school with the little circle? the yard oh the yard trundle - wheel the trundle - wheel the trundle - wheel that ' s what you need you ' ll have to go to staples and get a trundle - wheel you would look like a a
52. you ' re going i think you need one of those like s what did we have at school with the little circle? the yard oh the yard trundle - wheel the trundle - wheel the trundle - wheel that ' s what you need you ' ll have to go to staples and get a trundle - wheel you would look like a a really special person yeah i would
53. you need one of those like s what did we have at school with the little circle? the yard oh the yard trundle - wheel the trundle - wheel the trundle - wheel that ' s what you need you ' ll have to go to staples and get a trundle - wheel you would look like a a really special person yeah i would yeah in fact er they might
54. yard trundle - wheel the trundle - wheel the trundle - wheel that ' s what you need you ' ll have to go to staples and get a trundle - wheel you would look like a a really special person yeah i would yeah in fact er they might actually arrest you take you to the mental home i ' m just measuring the route yeah i ' m just measuring
80. what ' s called fixed wheel in other words you know when you just think oh i ' ll stop peddling now so you stop peddling well that ' s because you ' ve got a free wheel bike whether it ' s got twenty - seven gears or whether it ' s got one gear if you can stop peddling it ' s a free wheel a fixed wheel means that the cog at the
81. ' s because you ' ve got a free wheel bike whether it ' s got twenty - seven gears or whether it ' s got one gear if you can stop peddling it ' s a free wheel a fixed wheel means that the cog at the back is fixed to the wheel erm in in the way i mean they they ' re all fixed to the wheel eh anyway but fixed to the wheel
83. twenty - seven gears or whether it ' s got one gear if you can stop peddling it ' s a free wheel a fixed wheel means that the cog at the back is fixed to the wheel erm in in the way i mean they they ' re all fixed to the wheel eh anyway but fixed to the wheel in in the sense that it won ' t eh allow you to stop peddling
84. ##ddling it ' s a free wheel a fixed wheel means that the cog at the back is fixed to the wheel erm in in the way i mean they they ' re all fixed to the wheel eh anyway but fixed to the wheel in in the sense that it won ' t eh allow you to stop peddling okay? and the reason people have them is because although they ' re a nightmare to
85. a fixed wheel means that the cog at the back is fixed to the wheel erm in in the way i mean they they ' re all fixed to the wheel eh anyway but fixed to the wheel in in the sense that it won ' t eh allow you to stop peddling okay? and the reason people have them is because although they ' re a nightmare to get going cos they us very
86. i mean apart from the ones that they just had wheels and scooted along but erm the first proper bike was a penny farthing i should think and if you think about it it had this huge wheel on the front with pedals fixed you know little pedals fixed to the wheel so therefore you had to keep peddling because if you stopped peddling the pedals kept going and the same thing happened
87. ##m the first proper bike was a penny farthing i should think and if you think about it it had this huge wheel on the front with pedals fixed you know little pedals fixed to the wheel so therefore you had to keep peddling because if you stopped peddling the pedals kept going and the same thing happened it would throw you off so originally all bikes as far as i ' m aware
89. putting ball bearings in and what the ball bearings do is that they go they fit them all the way round the cog at the back yeah which means that em eh once you stop peddling the wheel keeps going round back wheel keeps going round but the cog stays still because the ball bearings in the centre are spinning round okay? right and then when you pedal again em it picks up the momentum well
106. yes what are you going to have? and said ah it ' s a frying pan dan dan the dirty man who washed his face in a frying pan combed his hair with a wagon wheel died with a toothpick in his heel a toothpick in his heel? toothache in his heel how can you get that? you can ' t it doesn ' t mean anything dan dan
107. you get that? you can ' t it doesn ' t mean anything dan dan the dirty man who washed his face in a frying pan cleaned his face with combed his hair with a wagon wheel and he combed his hair with a wagon wheel and died with a toothpick in his heel died with a toothpick in his heel it ' s it ' s dan tucker old dan tucker
108. ' t mean anything dan dan the dirty man who washed his face in a frying pan cleaned his face with combed his hair with a wagon wheel and he combed his hair with a wagon wheel and died with a toothpick in his heel died with a toothpick in his heel it ' s it ' s dan tucker old dan tucker ' s a fine old man he washed his face
116. d never thought about it getting stolen before really yeah well you know not but then how long is it going to take you to take a wheel off every morning? no it ' s a quick release wheel literally it ' s got a lever it ' s just figuring out how to put it back on oh if you could get the art of that down? you know? i mean i just need to get
121. ' s thin mm marmite used to be really thick and now it just drips off your spoon you have to it like treacle yeah and wagon wheels used to be the size of a wagon wheel they did they were huge weren ' t they the size of a wagon wheel that ' s not p and now they ' re like a i don ' t know a button wheel the size of a they
122. drips off your spoon you have to it like treacle yeah and wagon wheels used to be the size of a wagon wheel they did they were huge weren ' t they the size of a wagon wheel that ' s not p and now they ' re like a i don ' t know a button wheel the size of a they ' re like a lego wheel yeah you never used to get a wagon wheel
124. ' t they the size of a wagon wheel that ' s not p and now they ' re like a i don ' t know a button wheel the size of a they ' re like a lego wheel yeah you never used to get a wagon wheel in your mouth did you you used to have to have competitions to try and fit them in your mouth yeah maybe it ' s i think it ' s just
125. that ' s not p and now they ' re like a i don ' t know a button wheel the size of a they ' re like a lego wheel yeah you never used to get a wagon wheel in your mouth did you you used to have to have competitions to try and fit them in your mouth yeah maybe it ' s i think it ' s just cos you ' ve grown no no no
161. that broke did it how where did it break? ooone little bar broke off that held there ' s a piece that holds the the gear s the gear runs there ' s one extra gear wheel it things run over yeah but that then moves it across for changing the gears yeah i know there ' s the bar that attaches it to the well he says he came off and he broke and he
191. windows use you generally er you move around a bit much anyway do you? that ' s it you ' re using keyboard a lot yeah cos you either typing or yeah the scroll wheel yeah scroll wheel and you can use page page down if it ' s on a web page mm so you t i tended to find that i also learnt a lot more keyboard shortcuts so there were yeah loads of
205. little thing i think she wasn ' t exactly the brightest no she was a very good little hamster she just was a bit thick and didn ' t like running or anything she did she used her wheel she wa she does the she did the hamster walk in the wheel but if you out her sort of and see whether she ' d actually do anything faster than walking speed she very much refused oh no
213. i don ' t know if it ' s the same trolley but no they had an original no the idea of it i remember from when i was really small the the the gold one with the big wheel and the small wheel was later that goes back a long way that idea the they ' ve always had a trolley yeah and like proper china tea cups i remember dad came when dad came home at work from
214. know if it ' s the same trolley but no they had an original no the idea of it i remember from when i was really small the the the gold one with the big wheel and the small wheel was later that goes back a long way that idea the they ' ve always had a trolley yeah and like proper china tea cups i remember dad came when dad came home at work from the chemist he was
215. secateurs he does i bought him always needs secateurs i bought him secateurs i bought him a saw or yeah i bought him drill a hose i bought him a wheelbarrow wheel i bought him that thing last year yeah he ' s always asked for them or i picked up on the fact that i ' ve lost my saw alright i ' ll get you a saw then he found
221. yeah no they were fluffy mittens and they used to have this this leather thing that used sew up and put round your round your steering wheel that used to fit exactly yeah oh yeah fluffy steering wheel yeah yeah and then they had bead seats a lion print one er like a tiger print steering wheel remember all them silly beading things oh yeah mm we we had some of them beads er they '
222. up and put round your round your steering wheel that used to fit exactly yeah oh yeah fluffy steering wheel yeah yeah and then they had bead seats a lion print one er like a tiger print steering wheel remember all them silly beading things oh yeah mm we we had some of them beads er they ' re practical and we put them up in the loft hmm? and the mice ate them and played football

Cluster 5
64. the night wasn ' t it? worked out yeah yeah thank god and the wheelie bins yeah the wheelie bins were alright though yeah although there was a bit when they were trying to wheel me to the front inside of it at first and it was like this isn ' t going to work i ' m going to go flying onto the floor but then we ' re like i ' ll sort
68. you ' re like oh maybe okay no i ' m busy go away go to ah see ' s thought that it was cute but you wouldn ' t wanna make anyone feel like they were a third wheel would you? did we make you feel uncomfortable when we came over sunday? er no no? cool sounded a bit hesitant there i ' m used to it i ' m used to it i was processing
95. well that ' s fine then it it ' s got that on there and there but here you are twenty twenty k twenty kilos kilogram okay so mm well shall we take those hard cases that wheel along the ones we took to bansko? cos they ' re yes and we ' ve got one each haven ' t we? yes erm and we can get and they ' re each yes
103. ##ype i was once a gype but then i lost all me caravan shut up that is i threw it out the window i i told you s some three way oh my dickhead its got three wheel i think stop swearing oh me god i sent it had three wheel not a fucking three wheel shh can you sing em i ' m a cider drinker in that accent? i ' m a
104. caravan shut up that is i threw it out the window i i told you s some three way oh my dickhead its got three wheel i think stop swearing oh me god i sent it had three wheel not a fucking three wheel shh can you sing em i ' m a cider drinker in that accent? i ' m a what? that song about i ' m a cider drinker
105. i threw it out the window i i told you s some three way oh my dickhead its got three wheel i think stop swearing oh me god i sent it had three wheel not a fucking three wheel shh can you sing em i ' m a cider drinker in that accent? i ' m a what? that song about i ' m a cider drinker i drink it all of
110. t check today i could have put anything in there i could have put right piles of smoked salmon for all they knew mm yes yeah that ' s it you just pay at the end ah you just wheel your trolley up but you don ' t take anything out oh yes yeah it ' s good mm yeah saved some time no i don ' t do the shopping cos dad does but i i i s
119. bikes there well they ' re not going to make a quick getaway are they? with a bike with only one wheel oh yeah you can ' t cycle it i was thinking because they could still wheel it like on the back wheel and just like walking around but then it would be like why? whwhy? we it ' s a bit obvious yeah yeah yeah that ' s brill yeah
126. ##iculate than he is when he talks on the phone literally th see if you have person he goes erm erm erm er er it ' s like er it ' s a thing that you wheel barrels around on and we were just what? and he was like erm erm erm er turns out he had dolly parton and that the thing that you wheel you know like the things that
127. s a thing that you wheel barrels around on and we were just what? and he was like erm erm erm er turns out he had dolly parton and that the thing that you wheel you know like the things that come on wheels that you like put under a crate and lift up? yeah that ' s called a dolly oh which we didn ' t know this oh i thought it was
129. make it up on the sanctuary you know oh right so it ' s so that er they can tip water in it mm in front of everybody they they don ' t have one that they sort of wheel out anywhere oh okay um and but for children i think there is one and i think it ' s at the back of the church i think it ' s um as you come in you know when you
166. change the battery and you ' ll go into a but that ' s already started renault do they must do it you will go into a fuel station and they will have charged batteries and you will just wheel one unclip something wheel one out wheel the other one out and you just change the battery can you imagine how many batteries you ' d have to stock to yeah to to have but these forecourt
167. ll go into a but that ' s already started renault do they must do it you will go into a fuel station and they will have charged batteries and you will just wheel one unclip something wheel one out wheel the other one out and you just change the battery can you imagine how many batteries you ' d have to stock to yeah to to have but these forecourts the tanks would be gone
168. a but that ' s already started renault do they must do it you will go into a fuel station and they will have charged batteries and you will just wheel one unclip something wheel one out wheel the other one out and you just change the battery can you imagine how many batteries you ' d have to stock to yeah to to have but these forecourts the tanks would be gone they will massive
183. on saying that it ' s important to er apply it to your context er but then that didn ' t i don ' t know did they w were you um didn ' t really go into it wheel out the old um t timothy? the um you know scripture is good well yeah obviously but but everyone always wheels that no one ever wheels out you study no the scriptures for by them you hope to have
194. short wheelbase would be better and it ' s be better for parking cos i ' ll it ' s only gotta be the fit a mattress in it hasn ' t it? how short is short wheel? no the futon bed the futon yeah sofa bed measure it and then look at yeah measure the futon and then i ' ll look up the measurements of the thing yeah van and then if
199. i ' d forgotten that that ' s that ' s actually genius isn ' t it really? cos you can ' t lift a dead weight you can ' t lift a body no no just wheel it if in doubt just wheel her they dosed her up with coffee for an hour and sent her home and she text me she got on the bus outside work and she was that drunk she paid the
200. ' s that ' s actually genius isn ' t it really? cos you can ' t lift a dead weight you can ' t lift a body no no just wheel it if in doubt just wheel her they dosed her up with coffee for an hour and sent her home and she text me she got on the bus outside work and she was that drunk she paid the bus driver didn ' t get
201. it out so i ' ll have to take it down to i did i did notice that the brake the bike shop over the weekend was disconnected yeah because it ' s cos i can ' t wheel it i had to walk it home you know why you can ' t wheel it? well you can wheel it yeah i didn ' t realise that i could disconnect the brake if i had known
202. did notice that the brake the bike shop over the weekend was disconnected yeah because it ' s cos i can ' t wheel it i had to walk it home you know why you can ' t wheel it? well you can wheel it yeah i didn ' t realise that i could disconnect the brake if i had known that it would have been a simpler walk home yeah cos i basically had
203. bike shop over the weekend was disconnected yeah because it ' s cos i can ' t wheel it i had to walk it home you know why you can ' t wheel it? well you can wheel it yeah i didn ' t realise that i could disconnect the brake if i had known that it would have been a simpler walk home yeah cos i basically had to wheel it without it wheeling
204. well you can wheel it yeah i didn ' t realise that i could disconnect the brake if i had known that it would have been a simpler walk home yeah cos i basically had to wheel it without it wheeling okay and i was like pissing blood and i was crying fucking hell girl and i looked like such a mess see i knew none of this i just thought you ' re in a
223. are on the street like the ones they ' ve still got in six mm every few houses there ' s a common yard where the bins tend to go oh right but you ' ve got to wheel your bin up or down mm to get it in and also those streets if you think of going down to the main road they ' re very steep and a lot of people chain their bins to the

Cluster 6
11. this subaru forester which is the same make of car as he ' s got as he ' s got yeah yeah except it ' s aan estate oh right yeah but it ' s four wheel drive got this you know not such a perky engine in you know no but it ' s more modern and cos he wants an est mm he wants a four wheel drive and he wants an estate
72. he did at christmas no and it was like twenty years of peter kay oh wow i do love peter kay yeah was it a driving thing? i ' m sure a peter yeah he did a shit wheel spin he did a show called car share yeah i didn ' t watch that erm i really liked it cool erm it ' s probably still available somewhere er and he erm h the co -
111. eh now that pensions have been shown to be the fraud that they are mm you know what will you do? the new pensions yeah work until we die until we they literally cart you out in a wheel barrow send you out to the knack knacker ' s yard that ' s what they do with horses isn ' t it? back in the day glue factory we we all were definitely born a couple

Cluster 7
12. but it ' s four wheel drive got this you know not such a perky engine in you know no but it ' s more modern and cos he wants an est mm he wants a four wheel drive and he wants an estate so he can haul wood about yeah you know yeah all this sort of stuff and he said well why not just put a tow bar on it and and he said he said
14. beheading burning yeah hung drawn and quartered bloody bloody cobblestones bloody cobblestones anyway johnny depp ' s dogs oh right rushed to an airport in a convoy of four large four wheel drive vehicles a private jet was waiting they boarded in secret behind closed hangar doors yeah johnny ' s fucking ddogs he escaped certain death at the hands of australia ' s agriculture minister oh war on terri
15. because like i say you ' ll be able to hire a car and you don ' t take your car on - site your car won ' t cope fine there ' s a you need four - wheel drives for the places they go to so yeah yeah so phone him and find out and if you offer like you say three days a week or something three days a week for how many weeks? well they
56. and longer a what? a what? a qaqa it ' s c it ' s c it ' s a nissan qashqai it ' s like a a sort of four - wheel four - by - four four - wheel drive four - by - four a nissan? yes yeah cos nissan and honda are the two most reliable yeah makes that ' s the yeah the the thing but
57. a qaqa it ' s c it ' s c it ' s a nissan qashqai it ' s like a a sort of four - wheel four - by - four four - wheel drive four - by - four a nissan? yes yeah cos nissan and honda are the two most reliable yeah makes that ' s the yeah the the thing but n apart from well certain cars erm
70. erm that road along there cos there ' s an infant school there yeah and like in the mornings and in the afternoons wow that road is just jammed with cars yeah you know these big four wheel four wheel four by fours with people dropping off you know topsy and mopsy to go to school mm well yeah and picking them up again and of cause in the even in the afternoons they have like
71. that road along there cos there ' s an infant school there yeah and like in the mornings and in the afternoons wow that road is just jammed with cars yeah you know these big four wheel four wheel four by fours with people dropping off you know topsy and mopsy to go to school mm well yeah and picking them up again and of cause in the even in the afternoons they have like the infant
94. yeah put under the wheel and i pulled out a tin cos was out you see so cos i would have asked her to come and tow off and cos she ' s got a four wheel drive yeah and i called down to and erm pity ' s out she would have helped us some neighbours are quite hel nice like that oh my goodness mum please don ' t tell dad cos
153. fuck that ' s a good car they are going to produce what mental engine in a very small car they ' re going to produce it as a rival for the m3 okay except it ' s four wheel drive and more powerful and smaller and bright blue right it ' s very volvo yeah it ' s volvo do nutty car yeah volvo go mental for a minute they don ' t normally do mental well it
154. you have to be gentle gentle gentle and then floor it to get up the bank whose left? pull pull pull is hammond pulling it up? hammond is a tiny man how can it be three - wheel drive? it should er should should be four - wheel and er one of them doesn ' t work oh that ' s gonna break it oh god they can ' t see how are they gonna get the
155. to get up the bank whose left? pull pull pull is hammond pulling it up? hammond is a tiny man how can it be three - wheel drive? it should er should should be four - wheel and er one of them doesn ' t work oh that ' s gonna break it oh god they can ' t see how are they gonna get the other one across in the pitch black? er they '
156. must be like rich though mm oh yeah i bet that car was like his parents ' or something mm he was like you know like extremely though just like the blonde fluffy hair yeah the bloody four - wheel drive the yachts he just didn ' t retain information though and just and just like yeah brummies there ' s not posh and i was like dude i swear you know i ' m from
172. you know you can ' t even leave it on a flat area because no it ' s got such a big kind of er surface area that any slight wind catches it and because it ' s four wheel drive it ' s just off yeah so no that i mean it was yeah it was it was quite upsetting that that happened but it ' s not gonna happen again no too right it ' s not
188. as well yeah so well it ' s good that you can actually learn how to drive before you pass your theory test because in spain you have to pass your theory test before you can get behind the wheel of a car really? yeah which is what put me off doing it for so long because you can ' t even learn how to drive until you ' ve you ' ve already signed up paid all your
207. idea on my own i ' d love to do that erm so my parents had done that and they had actually planned to drive down the middle they ' d booked they ' d booked a four wheel drive from akureyri and oh yeah in work she was at the university in akurakureyri ri or whatever it ' s but it ' s ti i mean yeah i mean reykjavik is
209. ' s er it ' s a clever technique mm we ' ll have to remember that when we ' re in the middle of the desert mm well we ' ve gotta practise with a four wheel drive for that mm did it say anything about petrol in the budget? i didn ' t see it yeah that ' s gone up has it gone up? yep i thought or er it hasn ' t
216. standstill hm ah good lyric sorry? good lyric that being said damn it damn it bollocks there you are the juke ' s nippy off the line well it ' s four - wheel drive mm and it ' s probably an automatic so between the two that will help er you see i er i er it was fast at nought to ten i was er fast at twenty ten to thirty

