Cluster 1
3. should be living no i mean working full time you should have enough money yeah to be able to have a house and do these things and what have you i know i know but money ' s like water through our hands you know it ' s kind of like but then you only live once don ' t you so yeah but erm no point leaving it in here there ' ll be some money i '
5. are out to get us ah taking over can you remember the days when no one had mobiles and you had to meet at woolworths at exactly eleven o ' clock yeah come hell or high water you had to be there you had to be there and the panic was if you weren ' t then you had to try and find a pay phone and you ' ve got a number written down half your
6. just my feeling no that ' s exactly what i was saying twenty minutes ago mm mm so erm if you then take the environmental side of it a place with hills a place with some kind of water it ' s what we talked about you know a place that isn ' t necessarily a big city could be a big city or maybe not but certainly it ' s got kind of a central heart to it
8. then i could get in and swim as well seb could get in and swim as well she can sit in the boat and get towed it ' s my new ambition like to get her in the water somehow she ' s never swum has she? no um so um so that ' s quite good fun but it was really so when we were in on um in the dinghy all of us were
9. ' s shallower mm yeah true i guess some bits of the sea you get um so like on the west coast you get all the um oil? no no the the coves the the warm water from the pacific you know do you mean from the mediterranean? no what ' s it called? gulf stream? yeah i think you mean the mediterranean okay mediterranean do you know where the pacific is? america
10. gonna get piss splashes on the floor it ' s coming up it is eating away at it you ' re joking no it ' s eating away but he said that ' s because it ' s water - based paint which is meant to be oil - proof for like in a car er from f in a garage it ' s garage floor paint yeah? so it ' s been designed to be oil -
11. er well i can ' t remember what the chemical is in urine urea no there ' s something else it ' s ammonia? yeah ammonia ammonia will break it down because it ' s erm water - based whereas if it ' s an oil - based paint ammonia won ' t break it down but should should shouldn ' t he know that? well he d he knows that now but he should well
12. tumour so i was like um er i said er you know what? it did but don ' t worry about it because it was difficult it was hard but it ' s over with you know water under the bridge and you know i ' ve made life life friends out of it actually mm and i stood on my own two feet years before anyone else i ' m quite proud that i did it mm
13. ' s pretty exciting it ' s really nice it ' s pretty exciting and actually it ' s quite good that we ' re not going to international because you feel like you ' re landing in the water i mean that we ' re not going to city mm cos you land in the sea essentially cos the runway is just out past the sea oo yeah yeah where is it? there ' s
22. of water? one of them said yeah and he was like oh right i ' ll just water over your tits he started fucking chucking water all over them so they were all watery like covered in water and naked started getting fucking they ' ll never get up from that it was and then erm at in two thousand and twelve we were er like watching i love it how you remember the years i don
23. there never is i think there is a secret fish in there you know the secret fish it ' s like the angelfish or fish show yourself show your face to me fish come slip out of the water aqua i think a dramatic reading from this in a scottish accent would be good as well mm it ' s a bit well it ' s like really horrible this stuff mm pardon me stop right now thank you
24. horrible you want to feel your intestines go buy a pack of those lambskin condoms take one out and then roll it pack it with peanut butter spear it with petroleum jelly and hold it under water then try to it and then the the food yester was nice we like to start we had er like bread mm and then we had this thing called baba ge baba ganoush and it was like
26. m prepared there ' s your clipboard there ' s your pen li she ' s like and all of a sudden she went and then i ' m not kidding you on both sides of her face water just started pouring d on both sides oh no and she went oh hang on a minute and sort of gave me the clipboard got a tissue out and sort of mopped it and i looked at her
27. ' s just gone gone and i i was literally like i was really scared when he it ' s like he goes back in looking for the janitor and then he ' s in that puddle of water and then he like follows the trail of water to that thing he ' s like hello? i was really scared there yeah i thought the janitor was suddenly ah gonna like kill him or so the jan
28. literally like i was really scared when he it ' s like he goes back in looking for the janitor and then he ' s in that puddle of water and then he like follows the trail of water to that thing he ' s like hello? i was really scared there yeah i thought the janitor was suddenly ah gonna like kill him or so the janitor was so scary but then it ' s
29. like squi some squished all over my bag do you remember the time when my my green tea leaked and went all over my ba or the time when tipped my whole bag into the toilet water? oh my god that was not li if she ever does that three times yeah if she ever does that again i ' m actually gonna punch her in the face i ' m gonna be like look look
31. ##pons hello oh oh too much going on in here isn ' t there? good quality meat this it looks it it ' s a beautiful colour and it doesn ' t look there ' s no water coming out of it it ' s just browning oh yeah but isn ' t cheap meat tastes good though doesn ' t it? no not always well i thought it was just cheap fatty meat was quite ta
35. computer yes your laptop yes laptop ah what shall we watch then? well i ' m just looking to see what ' s o what ' s on oh dear well the tulips get through the water quickly don ' t they they do i have topped them up mm oh good lord was this not on last week? wha what? i don ' t really watch the tv calamity jane?
36. bluey green they ' re like they look blue though like a weird hybrid from the two but it ' s not very nice it ' s kind of like harbour coloured eyes harbharbour harbour water that is a very interesting description eyes yeah that ' s my eye colour though harbour water cos the water in my in er in the harbour of my town looks the colour of my eyes is that the
37. two but it ' s not very nice it ' s kind of like harbour coloured eyes harbharbour harbour water that is a very interesting description eyes yeah that ' s my eye colour though harbour water cos the water in my in er in the harbour of my town looks the colour of my eyes is that the colour of the water in the harbor? that ' s so cool yeah yeah it '
38. s not very nice it ' s kind of like harbour coloured eyes harbharbour harbour water that is a very interesting description eyes yeah that ' s my eye colour though harbour water cos the water in my in er in the harbour of my town looks the colour of my eyes is that the colour of the water in the harbor? that ' s so cool yeah yeah it ' s like kind of
39. interesting description eyes yeah that ' s my eye colour though harbour water cos the water in my in er in the harbour of my town looks the colour of my eyes is that the colour of the water in the harbor? that ' s so cool yeah yeah it ' s like kind of green i just wish i had a completely different face to be honest i ' d love to have your face i love
44. know it was shot true to life but obviously they ' d added the cgi effects over the top because there were like gold pennies flying out of the sea and like ships rising out of the water and you know like submarines and all kinds of stuff coming out of the sea and it does make you wonder like if you could actually dredge the sea yeah what the hell are you gonna find loads of
49. to fill the space with like anyone who would be able to pay the half rate so we managed to get going to this caribbean island for right my dad do skiing my dad not skiing skiing on the water but no went scuba diving and so i was kind of left on the shore but it was the sort of thing where like that one or four or half of the group of not more were just there because
57. have to live more hand to mouth i think i ' m alright what are we doing now? are we getting ready? yeah we should try to go out the i don ' t think the i water on and it doesn ' t come out hot it doesn ' t? we ' ll try it in the end you try yeah run that one shall i put this one on? are we calling this for
58. way to the launch on the of the city of london of the united kingdom wait is this no it ' s not yeah no i thought it was when we were coming in it ' s more river water oh man oh yeah you ' ve gotta watch gotham oh it comes it li jjanuary the eleventh that ' s monday watch agents of shield that ' s more important no no no no agents of shield
60. ? for one week yes oh we had a boat for a week and then a villa for the week oh that was when we were in talenti ' s house which was fantastic place right on the water he ' s limping again aw right on the water and you had somewhere to moor your motorboat so you could you could hire it for a week but i guess we can do the same we just
61. a week and then a villa for the week oh that was when we were in talenti ' s house which was fantastic place right on the water he ' s limping again aw right on the water and you had somewhere to moor your motorboat so you could you could hire it for a week but i guess we can do the same we just have to go and fetch it and take it back every
62. lot do you do that underwater thing? scuba diving thing? i i learnt yeah i learnt to just scuba d i got my er advanced the second one cos you have to start with the open water and then you get the advanced and now i ' m hoping well i ' m hoping that i ' m gonna pluck up the courage to actually like take photos underwater with the course but it ' s
65. oh it just keeps appearing oh there it is that ' s a nice hat and back nicer than that fox one that ' s been pinched n oh oh dear so wincy spider climbed up the water spout spout down came the rain and washed the spider out came the sunshine dried up all the rain so that incy wincy spider climbed up the spout again there you go yay it
68. any more? erm i it depends when the jobs come in but our erm work used to go in they called it amp phases asset to management periods and it went every four years so the water industry had a four year period and so in year one they would decide all the jobs that were going to be done year two they ' d start placing the contracts and giving it going out to tender year
70. cannot really remember but we went to tenerife and then we went to salu really like typical tourist holidays but i remember being in salu cos we went to the we went to the water park oh the water park in salo everyone ' s always going on about that and em my dad went on one of the slides like the big long ones and his his kegs fell off that was
71. we went to tenerife and then we went to salu really like typical tourist holidays but i remember being in salu cos we went to the we went to the water park oh the water park in salo everyone ' s always going on about that and em my dad went on one of the slides like the big long ones and his his kegs fell off that was all i remember form
72. em my dad went on one of the slides like the big long ones and his his kegs fell off that was all i remember form that holiday and getting sun burnt we went to one of those water parks in the canaries and me and were like six and we couldn ' t swim like properly and we went down this big slide and my dad was going down the middle to catch us and he like
75. guinness? oh just on erm nothing? liquids er water you can it ' s like seventy juice? on a juice diet? surviving on juice and it ' s like seventy - two days on water seventy - two? what? that ' s it? oh that is grim man it ' s like two months that ' s er fucking ages dude oh days i thought you meant hours what are you?
81. ' s alright it ' s okay it ' s alright it ' s always down low and er that ' ll heat the water up the main thing mm mm but when it gets so hot when the water gets so hot that ' ll switch the heating on mm which er drains that or drains it down and mm mm that ' s why that ain ' t on now yeah but er what with that fire in
82. ' s cos you ' ve been on the go yeah that ' s really weird innit? but i mean that place out there has no no no er heating in it at all and the water never freeze no? no you ' d think it would wouldn ' t you? yeah yeah it hasn ' t freeze frozen since we ' ve been here when i lived down one winter that the water froze
84. that and you ' ve got to really crawl round and by the time you get you can ' t get up that end because it ' s it ' s really really awkward to get up yeah the water tank ' s in the way and things isn ' t it? the water tank ' s in the way there ' s have you got like cross bracing there across the? yeah and you ' ve got
85. get you can ' t get up that end because it ' s it ' s really really awkward to get up yeah the water tank ' s in the way and things isn ' t it? the water tank ' s in the way there ' s have you got like cross bracing there across the? yeah and you ' ve got to to step over it roof and something yeah see mine yeah yours in a
86. drown mm they start breathing underwater must be horrible mustn ' t it? yeah well apparently it ' s very a very peaceful death it can ' t be cos when you breathe in all the water will come into your lungs and yeah that pressure must feel horrible and it ' s the whole motion of breathing in and out but your bobody would be trying to get it out wouldn ' t it?
87. ' s the whole motion of breathing in and out but your bobody would be trying to get it out wouldn ' t it? and you ' d be coughing and you ' d be taking the water in i think it ' d be very painful it ' s cos the oxygen because the oxygen levels are already quite low you ' re already kind of sleepy i ' d like to see that research that
88. s so although how can sharks breathe? i don ' t know they ' ve got gills haven ' t they? yeah mm do gills like let in all the oxygen? and then s not the water? mm well there ' s oxygen in the water yeah and what gills do they absorb the oxygen out of the water oh right yeah but so they flow through and out of the gills so it goes is
89. ' t know they ' ve got gills haven ' t they? yeah mm do gills like let in all the oxygen? and then s not the water? mm well there ' s oxygen in the water yeah and what gills do they absorb the oxygen out of the water oh right yeah but so they flow through and out of the gills so it goes is it through the mouth and out the gills? i
90. yeah mm do gills like let in all the oxygen? and then s not the water? mm well there ' s oxygen in the water yeah and what gills do they absorb the oxygen out of the water oh right yeah but so they flow through and out of the gills so it goes is it through the mouth and out the gills? i dunno so i don ' t know if they kind of breathe
91. know they can hold it for ages but it just seems like a really no hours and hours they can hold it for i know but why hasn ' t it evolved so they just can be under the water the whole time? just seems a completely unnecessary thing cos they ' re mammals mm it would take a lot of evolving maybe they are evolving mm but when you ' re that big mm you don '
92. ha really have a a natural predator do you? apart from us in the wild no but i ' m just saying no they ' re our predators they ' re too big to be out of the water oh there were some wwhales washed up this week weren ' t there? yeah very sad mm very sad so they can ' t exist outside of the water so it seems no weird that they
93. big to be out of the water oh there were some wwhales washed up this week weren ' t there? yeah very sad mm very sad so they can ' t exist outside of the water so it seems no weird that they have that connection outside of the water still but the only reason that they can ' t survive out of the water is because their body weight is so huge mm the pressure
94. ##s washed up this week weren ' t there? yeah very sad mm very sad so they can ' t exist outside of the water so it seems no weird that they have that connection outside of the water still but the only reason that they can ' t survive out of the water is because their body weight is so huge mm the pressure is too much on their internal organs and that ' s why they die
95. sad so they can ' t exist outside of the water so it seems no weird that they have that connection outside of the water still but the only reason that they can ' t survive out of the water is because their body weight is so huge mm the pressure is too much on their internal organs and that ' s why they die i know but they used to walk did they? yeah what were they?
96. and they are the throwback to when they had legs it ' s the same for dolphins well maybe but they were much smaller then thousands of years ago they used to escape dinosaurs by running into the water and they went they whales? mm i don ' t think they were around in dinosaur time how do you know? they definite evolved they definitely did walk okay well yeah maybe they evolved to just live in
97. went they whales? mm i don ' t think they were around in dinosaur time how do you know? they definite evolved they definitely did walk okay well yeah maybe they evolved to just live in the water to avoid all the yes they did evolve to live in the water i don ' t know why i don ' t think it ' s to do with dinosaurs however to change the subject what i would like
98. in dinosaur time how do you know? they definite evolved they definitely did walk okay well yeah maybe they evolved to just live in the water to avoid all the yes they did evolve to live in the water i don ' t know why i don ' t think it ' s to do with dinosaurs however to change the subject what i would like to know is why do we say red amber green and not red
101. m definitely losing fat but my weight has just yeah stayed the same which is muscle weight to lose inches but mm weight ' s still the same yeah and i think erm i ' m just losing water still from mm christmas mm yeah so yeah so first of february tomorrow i ' m gonna have my oh fuck it is it is polish cherry liquor uhu so that ' ll be my first booze i
102. i ' m amazed i wouldn ' t even have i know thought about trying to i ' ve got to repair this foot because erm dad was doing some work in the house and there was a water leak and this foot got damaged so we just need to sort of stick this down and colour it in and then you probably yeah wouldn ' t notice it i wouldn ' t have noticed anyway so oh yeah
107. you know he was the equivalent to erm one of the big democrats who would be let in and would get zillions of dollars in because he ' s charming everyone mm the prince over the water mm er but the thing is i suppose there ' s there ' s no way back for him into britain it ' s it just doesn ' t work in britain i suppose it works in other countries but
115. be bothered with that i just wanted sticky window things for the the shower oh yeah yeah but i ' m to reclaim your shaver space yeah so it ' s not sort of floating around in the water yeah oh speed camera it ' s probably fifty er so maybe not tesco cos that er lidl? really overwhelms me er or or i could take you to and show you where
119. as well stopped more often but still managed to overage a ten minute mile so i ' m just obviously shit at keeping my pace and my legs were burning to fuck so today come hell or high water i ' m not doing it sit down make sure you don ' t leave we ' ll just barricade you in your room yeah you can ' t come out so i thought that was probably wise
121. bit of soy sauce on the rice lovely thank you you ' re welcome take these to move them you got enough beer left? yeah am i going to turn his thing off? everything? yes mm water beach where i can type in just sitting on a computer all day for pharmacy an online pharmacy just tying numbers in a stiff like that mm oh okay em but even that says i you need experience blah blah
125. when i used to live here before i thought england was a very wet i mean it is wet but mm it ' s not actually that wet i looked at the the charts for how much you know water we actually get mm it averages about forty millimetres a month it ' s pretty much standard like across the whole year a little bit more in in erm november and those kind of months but i mean korea
127. s in a very strong position there he ' s in a good position i can ' t like do that no i can ' t do that so leave him where he is it ' s your go water oh okay when it comes to er well actually dad i think when you said about paying for me to come home for christmas my thought i ' m not gonna have very much money come christmas yeah so i
128. aerobics? is that a good workout? it depends it aqua aerobics is the sort of thing you can do as hard or not as you like depends entirely how much you use the water for resistance hm um and most people don ' t strangely enough the whole idea of aqua aerobics is to use the water re as resistance but you can ' t do that unless you ' re actually
129. as hard or not as you like depends entirely how much you use the water for resistance hm um and most people don ' t strangely enough the whole idea of aqua aerobics is to use the water re as resistance but you can ' t do that unless you ' re actually below surface of the water mhm and so many people are up way out of the water so their arms are half in the
130. most people don ' t strangely enough the whole idea of aqua aerobics is to use the water re as resistance but you can ' t do that unless you ' re actually below surface of the water mhm and so many people are up way out of the water so their arms are half in the water instead of right down cos when you ' re pulling and pushing against the water mm that '
131. ##bics is to use the water re as resistance but you can ' t do that unless you ' re actually below surface of the water mhm and so many people are up way out of the water so their arms are half in the water instead of right down cos when you ' re pulling and pushing against the water mm that ' s when the re yeah you get and it ' s so you
132. as resistance but you can ' t do that unless you ' re actually below surface of the water mhm and so many people are up way out of the water so their arms are half in the water instead of right down cos when you ' re pulling and pushing against the water mm that ' s when the re yeah you get and it ' s so you can make it as easy or as hard
133. of the water mhm and so many people are up way out of the water so their arms are half in the water instead of right down cos when you ' re pulling and pushing against the water mm that ' s when the re yeah you get and it ' s so you can make it as easy or as hard as you like depending on how you feel on the night mm depending on how cold
134. ' s when the re yeah you get and it ' s so you can make it as easy or as hard as you like depending on how you feel on the night mm depending on how cold the water is oo brr and lately they ' ve had trouble with the boiler and it the temperature of the water was definitely down and then the bul the boiler bust completely so it was out of commission
135. as you like depending on how you feel on the night mm depending on how cold the water is oo brr and lately they ' ve had trouble with the boiler and it the temperature of the water was definitely down and then the bul the boiler bust completely so it was out of commission the pool was out of commission for a couple of days oh dear yep not good and the spa pool was out
136. completely so it was out of commission the pool was out of commission for a couple of days oh dear yep not good and the spa pool was out as well cos all the boiler heats all the water is the spa pool usually hot? mm it ' s lovely just go and sit in it and it bubbles and it ' s lovely mm it ' s lovely but aqua aerobics are you supposed to
137. on the mm bottom of the swimming pool mm oh yeah it ' s just the same in many ways as doing um an aerobics session on the floor mm except that you ' re using the water as resistance instead of using weights and things like that mm but it certainly is a good workout no i ' d do it if it was er in the mediterranean and warm and sunny yes wouldn ' t we
138. ? depends on the um oo i heard that depends on the the the land the lie of the land if it ' s in a dip and you get that sort of especially if there ' s water around mm um you often get fog and it can linger for quite a long time mm and it ' s been beautiful in poole but somebody was saying who ' d come through blandford forum i think it
140. was on loads of lights to make it look like a city or a town oh yes and then dark in a city so then there were these massive holes which were bomb craters that were now filled with water they were like ponds ah whwhere was that? that was erm somewhere in the i think they did it a similar scheme all around the the the and the yeah yeah these series of
141. was that? that was erm somewhere in the i think they did it a similar scheme all around the the the and the yeah yeah these series of big in the ground and and eh full of water yeah yeah if you dip your toe you just end up fl hovering around in it i saw that sign there it it told you what your speed was and it smiled that ' s right yeah yeah with a
143. yeah have like a flat in london? yeah quite a few but probably not yeah friend ' s dad had a flat in london and he stayed in it one time erm yeah yeah yeah it was water actually erm i find it difficult to believe that a chairman of the water company ' s earning that much why? the fact that they ' ve got a big house in edinburgh or you know the suburbs
144. yeah friend ' s dad had a flat in london and he stayed in it one time erm yeah yeah yeah it was water actually erm i find it difficult to believe that a chairman of the water company ' s earning that much why? the fact that they ' ve got a big house in edinburgh or you know the suburbs of edinburgh and a flat a nice flat in london? so probably quite con
147. t they? he was royally buggered yes he was i ' m am a southerner still they were so they ' re basically cos their their block of flats was basically there was water all round it so they lost all power and because they ' re in a block of flats they need they have a pump to pump the water yeah so of course that broke so they had no water no
151. of youtubers and oh right things like that will run yeah campaigns and one author recently started doing a campaign i can ' t remember what he was raising money for i think it was either a fresh water one or a or a refugee one right and it was erm he was just crowdfunding this stuff and with perks you know? right at different levels and right uhu but also erm
154. and like there ' d just be these waterfalls all the way through and you could like the plunge pools were huge so you could jump in and swim in them like go under waterfalls in countries like this water is so like and then climb up into the mountains like the views were like incredible like s oh it was so nice like the views in america? but but without the rocks it ' s all all like
155. fire and we ' ve gotta have a last one i can ' t think of another one no let ' s think of another one quickly er um all the no everything you can take a politician to water but you can ' t make him tell the truth you can take a a horse to the to the water but a pencil must be lead that ' s laurel and hardy see he had a joke from nine
156. s think of another one quickly er um all the no everything you can take a politician to water but you can ' t make him tell the truth you can take a a horse to the to the water but a pencil must be lead that ' s laurel and hardy see he had a joke from nine oh the comedy nineteen twenty probably is still i still find funny and um that ' s the best you '
157. s stuff that i ' ve got no interest is just but is it the lack of alternatives? is that? it ' s like fast food for the mind i think just because it ' s the water cooler thing if you don ' t watch it you ' re not part of the no? or is it just? no i think they ' re past that kind of mentality but i ju i think
158. of doing it properly cos it said just keep trimming the leaves cos it said this one that i ' ve got is quite easy to look after oh and yyou know like if you water it wrong or something it can be fixed but it might be better just letting it grow it would be nice if it grows big like i know i think i ' ll just because some people have erm
159. tent mm oh from mfi a real old tent it was bright orange with a blue roof with paisley erm inner tent oh and it got that bad oh after a few years and then with the water coming in even though we ' d been sprayed it oh but what ' s nfi? oh look oh that was her cake yeah two hundred and fifty thousand yeah yeah oh mfi oh mfi i
169. here did they? before it was a lake then? before it was private land further up here they ' ve got otters okay not not on their land but it ' s the same amount of water but it ' s a lake it ' s a lake not a river then? i can ' t remember mm it ' s now a lake so how did they use it as a waterway? yeah it
170. over the bridge then? yeah have they? yeah okay the generator ' s pretty noisy mm it ' s a big site though and it ' s probably safer oh okay what to have it over the water? mm oh okay and there might be some fireworks over there if gets her own way which she usually does but i think fireworks you might as well just burn a twenty pound note burn two hundred quid
171. he he i don ' t i i don ' t well he can ' t well he ' s got nine acres exactly that ' s what i mean he can ' t there ' s too much water not run off and be on his own but he ' ll just run away from the other people like he always does he might not mm maybe he ' ll probably quite like it there ' ll be lots
172. marquee is going here yeah i think it i don ' t yeah and there ' s a little bridge over here and then that ' s a muddy track over there there is a lot of water isn ' t there? it ' s huge it ' s like it ' s a nature conservation site really i hope the kids section is going to be enclosed course it ' s not oh god why would
178. way it ' d be pretty hilarious if the police arrived and you were just lying in the bath yeah just like i ' m in yeah you hello yes officer were you here for a dip? the water ' s just fine mm well like for my birthday the other day oh yeah and s the sort of like promise of having a go in their outdoor bath it ' s like oh yeah? it ' s
179. s just a bath with your friends and yeah but that ' s normally their swimming costume and stuff though isn ' t it? yeah gets weird really quickly i would imagine and the sort of tepid water outdoors it they ' re normally like you ' d be in a erm like a swimsuit for that wouldn ' t you? usually yeah yeah whereas like an outdoor bath thing i would go in naked
181. a festival i went to the festival and they ' d made like an old horsebox into a sauna mm that was quite cool but erm mm see i find like like i think going in water or somewhere steamy naked is is like a bit better than being like butt naked in a sauna no yeah why cos it ' s why? limited visibility? yeah yeah i can see that it
182. they were it wasn ' t really worth looking it was like your grubbiness was probably killing the bubbles wasn ' t it? yeah it didn ' t have the strength to get through the water i thought you were gonna say they were powered by farts rather than like there would ' ve been an element of that flatulence a lot of people eating a lot of protein and carbohy
184. digesting a smoothie because if you don ' t make the chewing with your mouth like does your body know that you need to react differently to that smoothie than just like oh that ' s water? well i s yeah i see it as like you know you ' ve done the chewing in the blender mm there ' s a bit of saliva missing mm but it ' s okay for me to
189. little hour off let you off yeah let some people off here the dubai stop - over was the worst though yeah have you flown to dubai? no a you look like you ' re flying into the water so that ' s pretty terrifying yeah? cos obviously it ' s right on the edge yeah and maybe it ' s because there ' s so many tall buildings or because it ' s there ' s
190. have this many drinks how many are there? did we? four beers four beers two wines two waters and two of these drinks two yeah two waters four beers two wines but then it says oh yeah water okay water it ' s the right price yeah i thought was gonna be cheaper too than it is and it is? it is totally i thought it was going to be cheaper than it is oh i '
192. ' s right the actual pompeii but what does that mean? theatre of pompeii like yeah where ' s pompeii? it ' s not here is it? water innit? pompeii is a general really? i thought it was a place? no no this pompeii is like pompeii is not a place? it ' s
193. i thought it was a place? no no this pompeii is like pompeii is not a place? it ' s er julius caesar it ' s julius caesar ' s bloody water battle of pompeii? or whatever he was julius caesar ' s rival julius caesar ' s rival and augustus ' s augustus yeah er lots of like germans and were called augustus yeah lots of germans
194. harbour and a port and you go so you can go to like sea there and there ' s like really nice restaurants along there erm and i think you can do like other sports from there like water sports or something wow erm i ' ve always wanted to try paddle boarding you can go to yeah i wanna try that at first i was like what are they doing like? that ' s real yeah
195. balance and ev she could do it so oh really? yeah oh okay i ' ll try it i think it would be quite i might try it too and then you can like there ' s a water park there ' s volc i think you can go like on a vvolcano trip like you can cos there ' s volcanoes in the area i ' d and like cos some of
203. have a cup of tea at ten o ' clock water at dinner cup tea at three o ' clock afternoon and then water at tea time specific reasons? not really no? i just went on the water for some reason why did i go on to water? erm i think we decided we were drinking too much tea you don ' t drink a lot every time we have a cup of tea we have
204. water at dinner cup tea at three o ' clock afternoon and then water at tea time specific reasons? not really no? i just went on the water for some reason why did i go on to water? erm i think we decided we were drinking too much tea you don ' t drink a lot every time we have a cup of tea we have a biscuit and we still do that ' s
205. bungalow and they put fascia round the bathroom roof yeah and remember we used aluminium patch drippers yeah yeah yeah they put the fascia up under the drippers level with the drip edge so the water was just running through oh got in into all the erm chipboard oh no and that just bow it all and all like that oh oh all bow and split apart cos of the sun yeah yeah
207. we? yeah we did is that alright didn ' t he? when he went no that no good you got to heat that a lot more than that and when he heat it up it run like water yeah that ' s that ' s better used to lay it all three quarters of an inch thick and that was supposed to be only half an inch thick oh right so we usually use more stuff more stuff
208. and there was these puddles weren ' t there they were just puddles yeah but one of the puddles weren ' t weren ' t a puddle and all the sandwiches wewent in the water didn ' t they? yeah god and the tea and all the tea gear yeah all the tea gear everything went in the water yeah we had a separate so you disappeared? hey? you disappeared down he
209. weren ' t a puddle and all the sandwiches wewent in the water didn ' t they? yeah god and the tea and all the tea gear yeah all the tea gear everything went in the water yeah we had a separate so you disappeared? hey? you disappeared down he went right down he he went down a fair way didn ' t you? and then come out again yeah yeah yeah now now
210. you want to take it down you can have the building sort of thing lovely wasn ' t? lovely building lovely building yeah oh lovely building like was fitted out with everything yeah electric the lot everything yeah water electric that had innit? fantastic yeah that was beautiful we could have had it down the field here that would ' ve been lovely yeah mm a holiday home no a holiday home yeah yeah that ' s
216. that she had that she split with her husband and she managed to get a property of her own and er one day her daughter rang up mum you ' re gonna have to come over and sort this water out there ' s so much water cos think oh yeah with the rain then she goes oh gosh mum if you don ' t come and sort this out it ' s going it ' s nearly
218. the er the floodplains mm there ' s a and then what they ' ve done they ' ve disturbed a spring and so she ' s having to pay for a pump to pump out the water on to the street why ' s that her responsibility? because it ' s her house and her property but someone else yeah but but but ethically should it be? if somebody else has made so she
223. it scraped it towards him then he curls up on it and lays there and it ' s like it ' s for when we get out the bath even it ' s soaking wet ah he hates the water splashing him from the ba he really grum th yeah and the other night he got on and went and lay back down again used to do that as a pup with his blanket yeah but then he
224. sam smith? yeah how in his brit speech he said about how he ' s put on weight and he was like all happy apparently he ' s just lost fourteen pounds in fourteen days that ' s water work that ' s water retention mostly he ' s lost cos he was quite yeah bloated but he ' s following this new erm cos she was something to do with the prime minister
225. in his brit speech he said about how he ' s put on weight and he was like all happy apparently he ' s just lost fourteen pounds in fourteen days that ' s water work that ' s water retention mostly he ' s lost cos he was quite yeah bloated but he ' s following this new erm cos she was something to do with the prime minister tony blair or something i
226. was all quite sensible stuff so that ' s why i ' m thinking it probably was where he ' s been to all these parties and stuff mm and drinking alcohol he ' s probably retained all this water mm then he ' s thought i ' m gonna start eating sort of sensible food and he he that ' s where he ' s lost it it ' s in water retention but erm mm mm but
227. ' s probably retained all this water mm then he ' s thought i ' m gonna start eating sort of sensible food and he he that ' s where he ' s lost it it ' s in water retention but erm mm mm but then saying that the second week of slimming world like how i can ' t remember how you lost four pounds in the second week didn ' t you? yeah so
228. world like how i can ' t remember how you lost four pounds in the second week didn ' t you? yeah so that was so that was basically probably the similar thing it was just sort of water and yeah other stuff but mm mm that ' s about a stone not two stone isn ' t it? fourteen pounds what am i talking about? a stone in a fortnight yeah so but even so
230. her can ' t blame her i mean so in that case what ' s that wa can you hear water? no i can kind of hear a buzzing which i think could be construed as water sounds as though that it ' s absolutely suddenly pouring down with rain which it ' s not no i can see i hear what you mean is water but i don ' t think it sounds like water really
231. buzzing which i think could be construed as water sounds as though that it ' s absolutely suddenly pouring down with rain which it ' s not no i can see i hear what you mean is water but i don ' t think it sounds like water really mm that much well all i can say is if they do offer you this job at ' s place if it ' s really not what you want
232. water sounds as though that it ' s absolutely suddenly pouring down with rain which it ' s not no i can see i hear what you mean is water but i don ' t think it sounds like water really mm that much well all i can say is if they do offer you this job at ' s place if it ' s really not what you want then that ' s what i said yesterday don '
239. will work but it had been malmalfunctioning right er auto - scan scan yeah i need to fill out some documents and then scan them in let ' s see what happens is this my water? mm yes i thought so right i think we ' ll go through all this but then it will say erm unless it ' s fixed itself so you actually haven ' t finished getting game of throne
246. what you know what you were saying about our conversations where we covered so much in a short space of time? yeah it ' s going to be the same now it ' s going to jump around water oh that ' s a nice did you see that one? maybe tired do i leave the shoes on or? yeah that ' s fine just leave them on yeah good good having to go up the white
248. yeah so you ' ve got the american - italian over there yeah all the jersey area same with the irish they came here went over to america there ' s a lot of irish in america is that water? no it ' s got squash in it yours is on the side there i ' ll grab it so you ' re being a really good boy you like auntie ' s cars? they ' re
252. ll download it cos did you see restoration man this week? yeah we ' ve got it recorded yeah i ' ve got it i need to download that as well cos that was the little water tower they did supposedly was it? oh right well it was on this morning and they were doing up the boat this morning yeah yeah it was on the this morning i didn ' t watch it this morning
255. oh really? so it ' s same old same old mm they came without some of the end caps were missing so they insist on the pipes being flushed out cos they they ' ll have sea water and all sorts in them which they won ' t right lovely end caps always fall off oh okay so they want them all out on the side of the docks and all cleaned and all i hasn ' t
257. away huh oh that ' s fine actually i ' ve got to go to it ' s ' s ' s coming back from australia yes and she lives in m is it victoria spa? virginia virginia water virginia water in surrey so she ' s having a get together but i think it ' s the week before i think it ' s the twenty - first of april you ' ve got a lot going on
258. oh that ' s fine actually i ' ve got to go to it ' s ' s ' s coming back from australia yes and she lives in m is it victoria spa? virginia virginia water virginia water in surrey so she ' s having a get together but i think it ' s the week before i think it ' s the twenty - first of april you ' ve got a lot going on all these
259. i think it ' s the twenty - first of april you ' ve got a lot going on all these weddings and i know so the twenty - first of april it ' s ' s in virginia water then here for ' s birthday and then the next week is ' s wedding then then for the weekend what ' s? er ' s oh yeah yeah yeah yeah thirtieth birthday thing then l
261. choose from so it ' s quite difficult the fact is it ' s always black it ' s always black oh no no i ' ve got one okay i ' m trying to see which still have water which still have er fluid in well you always have to get all the reds cos i ' ve not had a red schnappys oh what? i can ' t get away from the sweetness
272. s an interesting one that what about water? it ' s slightly different would that be soothing or disturbing well some people really like it but i i think to live there i wouldn ' t like rushing water i think that ' s t it ' s too frantic on a river yeah babbling brooks? erm a a little brook a a tiny little brook would be gorgeous slight babbler a little mini
275. big can a big kind of tin oh this is water - based yeah this is is looks like the stuff i had when i the house i did out yeah? er temperature it was but that was water - based yeah? w but anyway i used a five - star treatment yeah? that ' s what we use you get the five gallon can that ' s about thirty - six quid you know yeah
277. ' s going on on the oh no no that ' s oh oh oh right that ' d be alright yeah it would no sorry when i when i had the house but it yeah they used a water - based yeah stuff i just went around and sat down with these water - based stuff i don ' t know it just seemed and i think even the i think even the er stuff was water - based
278. oh right that ' d be alright yeah it would no sorry when i when i had the house but it yeah they used a water - based yeah stuff i just went around and sat down with these water - based stuff i don ' t know it just seemed and i think even the i think even the er stuff was water - based was it? yeah? cos it was some sort of you know
279. a water - based yeah stuff i just went around and sat down with these water - based stuff i don ' t know it just seemed and i think even the i think even the er stuff was water - based was it? yeah? cos it was some sort of you know like well when come in they come in with all the no no masks and stuff well these guys they they when they did
280. with all the no no masks and stuff well these guys they they when they did the walls you know they yeah drill all the other brick yeah and they came in with these massive stuff well it was water - based yeah and they sort of sprayed everything and they just brushed filled all the holes up and then just brushed this stuff everywhere yeah? i assume it worked it ' s guaranteed to twenty - five years
281. you know yeah it was like like this you know cos it i think so yeah yeah but i mean it ' s alright you know it ' s quite and then they got erm a japanese water garden yeah? quite big that ' s beautiful where iit ' s you ssort of walk around and it ' s all it ' s all wooden walkways and things like that yeah where you can
285. ? mm mm yeah yes mm plenty er there was where the gas pipes had been a lot of them was on fire you know shh they were going mm mm there was water pipes burst there was water going all over and the rescue workers was coming in from road you know they d come as well you could see em coming over and getting some lights rigged up and that type of thing and there was no
291. it off the screen so mm yes she wants to be prepared now for for that work i mean you can do yours there and it come out and and it could be you ' re gonna be scraping water out of it mm so you want that glug in there mm cos otherwise it cos it ' s annoying i don ' t think now it ' s all going on your cup and on
293. ##ynthsynthesis er taking in the carbon and and giving off the oxygen gi there ' s life there the amount of water that ' s required yeah yeah four - fifths of the world is water you know? i think er only a third of of the other water mm is drinkable mm hm you know it ' s so i mean i can for a a lot of coincidences after all i
294. oxygen gi there ' s life there the amount of water that ' s required yeah yeah four - fifths of the world is water you know? i think er only a third of of the other water mm is drinkable mm hm you know it ' s so i mean i can for a a lot of coincidences after all i think though yes they must have to wait in place don ' t they
295. we ' ve got students here at the moment that we ' re trying to get through their exams and i said i ' m sure that ' s great i said but whatever comes happens hell or high water all your students will sit their exams if you don ' t actually walk down to the archive and get me that piece of paper i will be in this position chasing things in january i have an official application
296. right peterborough we ' ll go peterborough here yeah that ' s probably a bit closer isn ' t it peterborough ' s probably there nottingham ' s probably there yeah and then this little bit where the the water comes in yeah is hull oh so between nottingham here and hull here in the middle is sheffield oh okay so that ' s where i live right in the middle right so it goes us peterborough nottingham sheffield hull
297. ah it ' s really big mm mind out so i ' ve finished my model oh it ' s lovely so describe it to me? well you see these bits here? mm they can shoot out water right the grey bits mm they can shoot out rock rock the brown bits yeah they can shoot out like vines and stuff vines oh like creepers? yeah nice things or nasty things? erm nice and
298. ##lamorous is it? she ' s good though like she ' s still funny that ' s i know what that went into that was so funny i when you were when you were gone on the water run erm i bought this like weird thing from like my neighbour in the and she was like and was like she ' s one of those flying girls flying girls? yeah who when they like they '
299. at this like cheap hotel the night stayed at premier inn stayed at premier inn and erm and then the rain stopped and we went down to the beach and we saw shooting stars and went in the water and it was really nice did you go out cos you know at you can go out it was like torrential to like where they ' ve got the like like big poles in the water and there
300. the water and it was really nice did you go out cos you know at you can go out it was like torrential to like where they ' ve got the like like big poles in the water and there ' s like a platform so they ' re like really far out but i think you can stand up on them in the middle of the ocean we di we we just sort of like went in
301. the ocean and like rowed cos they they didn ' t want to get caught yeah just swim in and they sa and they didn ' t have enough they didn ' t like have enough like water or like they ' d never been like yachting before they had a there ' s like reservoirs in that they used to do it but they ' d forgotten to get like fresh water and stuff and yeah
302. have enough like water or like they ' d never been like yachting before they had a there ' s like reservoirs in that they used to do it but they ' d forgotten to get like fresh water and stuff and yeah the problem is all i want to do is go on holiday and just we ' re all gonna run out of battery do you know that? do i know that? did you know
303. ' t been creative for ages why don ' t i just write loads of short stories about all of my well animal encounters the the elephant chasing us that wild elephant erm had that one the buffalo water buffalo story yeah ah the snake story the korean snake story yeah the monkey stealing my glasses yeah eh oh my god i was in more and more were coming into my mind that i had forgotten about i was
309. wasn ' t ninja warrior though that ' s good i ' m getting the idea from it and i and me and mm? managed erm managed to hop across some stones like acr over some water and er once you touch the water you ' re out oh okay and you have two people like a video game once one person ' s out you can switch them with the other you alright? erm
310. ' s good i ' m getting the idea from it and i and me and mm? managed erm managed to hop across some stones like acr over some water and er once you touch the water you ' re out oh okay and you have two people like a video game once one person ' s out you can switch them with the other you alright? erm is this something which is from seven
311. about argo on a daily basis and then come and sit here yeah and just sor and have a little excerpt of it yeah yeah yeah in isolation it ' s like the cork floating on the water you ' ve got well got my you ' ve got my name you ' ve my age you ' ve got the you ' ve got erm that i ' m british that i speak british english as
312. ##yed my welcome by then it ' s ' s blues hour isn ' t it? yeah he always does hello everybody good morning everybody good morning everybody we ' re gonna now sing er wade in the water wade in the water baby this is wait a minute this is at the mass? yeah yeah and it ' s this one ' s about wading in water and reminding us that god is always there and
313. then it ' s ' s blues hour isn ' t it? yeah he always does hello everybody good morning everybody good morning everybody we ' re gonna now sing er wade in the water wade in the water baby this is wait a minute this is at the mass? yeah yeah and it ' s this one ' s about wading in water and reminding us that god is always there and we can also go
314. re gonna now sing er wade in the water wade in the water baby this is wait a minute this is at the mass? yeah yeah and it ' s this one ' s about wading in water and reminding us that god is always there and we can also go go and see him whenever we want to i like the way the what ' s the train one? this train train don ' t carry
317. like er oh a hundred miles wide? well it must be if your guess was right yeah right gosh i wouldn ' t get so easy to make a bag that disintegrates in water i know you know just er would get your shopping home and then it would just yeah up to and including two thousand and fourteen and this is you to start mummy with this one there have been eleven what
318. ' ve had agoraphobia claustrophobia vertigo fear of and we ' ve had spiders it ' s acrophobia not vertigo vertigo ' s a disease or an illness fear of yeah water water hydrophobia i ' m afraid it ' s not on the list water? actually hydrophobia ' s rabies it ' s not yeah a fear oh right what? if you have rabies you
319. ve had agoraphobia claustrophobia vertigo fear of and we ' ve had spiders it ' s acrophobia not vertigo vertigo ' s a disease or an illness fear of yeah water water hydrophobia i ' m afraid it ' s not on the list water? actually hydrophobia ' s rabies it ' s not yeah a fear oh right what? if you have rabies you '
320. ' ve had spiders it ' s acrophobia not vertigo vertigo ' s a disease or an illness fear of yeah water water hydrophobia i ' m afraid it ' s not on the list water? actually hydrophobia ' s rabies it ' s not yeah a fear oh right what? if you have rabies you ' re scared of water? yeah apparently mm really? you see them in
321. m afraid it ' s not on the list water? actually hydrophobia ' s rabies it ' s not yeah a fear oh right what? if you have rabies you ' re scared of water? yeah apparently mm really? you see them in the film yeah they bring water and they go gosh that was territerrible in the seventies? all those public information films about rabies you
326. ' t understand it ' s not it doesn ' t work like i dunno why it isn ' t lighting and he kept pouring more and more oh no until it ' s just like swimming in water but it ' s in the dark so you couldn ' t tell and eventually like gave up and turned the light on and we was in so much trouble it was like oh fuck as soon as christmas is
328. come this way before don ' t think so i dunno how we got past this cos i thought we went down the coast from novigrad but anyway we certainly didn ' t come across here water looks very greeny can you see? oh there ' s a big road bridge up there perhaps we went across that one see like how could oh i suppose they ' re just going down to the sea
330. let ' s have a little look careful this car ' s doing something where are you going mate? is it just like a fishing place do you think? like a little harbour i think so the water ' s scummy thereabouts there yeah it ' s full of scum can you purify any water by boiling it? could you get that water boil it and then it would be
334. scum can you purify any water by boiling it? could you get that water boil it and then it would be safe to drink? sea water? they can do pretty amazing things to water can ' t they? they have have these used things you can buy that sort of you suck water through this fancy filter or whatever and it change it into drinking water no but i mean just straight boiling
335. and then it would be safe to drink? sea water? they can do pretty amazing things to water can ' t they? they have have these used things you can buy that sort of you suck water through this fancy filter or whatever and it change it into drinking water no but i mean just straight boiling no no you wouldn ' t get rid of all the salt would you? no i mean like say
337. of all the salt would you? no i mean like say like the lake that had a bit of scum in it was a bit horrible could you not just? yeah if it ' s fresh water couldn ' t sea water though yeah so is is the we keep saying that whenever we ' re in this car er it ' s not the kind of place you would like sit and sunbathe is
338. you? no i mean like say like the lake that had a bit of scum in it was a bit horrible could you not just? yeah if it ' s fresh water couldn ' t sea water though yeah so is is the we keep saying that whenever we ' re in this car er it ' s not the kind of place you would like sit and sunbathe is it? not really not
339. this car er it ' s not the kind of place you would like sit and sunbathe is it? not really not very picturesque really erm the beach oh look at that dog in the water? yeah the beach that she said they go to is that further that ' s the novigrad? it ' s north of novigrad oh okay so kind of the direction we ' re going in mm
340. you can only walk though up the hill? yeah it doesn ' t tell you what ' s up there no it ' s er so it ' s if evacuation in case of fire jump in the water what you chatting on about you? see i saw lots of these that ' s unusual i saw those when erm let me have a look at it up close that plant i saw lots of it it
343. ' t they? yeah no do you think they are? bloody nora mum get that impression no i was i wasn ' t looking at all those honestly i was only looking by the edge of the water i was thinking oh my days? no i was looking at did you not see the like resort thing with a massive swimming pool and about a thousand screaming kids? hi - de - hi i can '
344. from our hide which is underground so oh this one ' s looking up this this yeah that ' s the photograph ' s been taken from ground level that ' s fantastic fantastic shot erm and the water is just by there and there is another water hole further down so you know that ' s the kind of impression that ' s just amazing and he knows just amazing he knows we ' re there but he
345. one ' s looking up this this yeah that ' s the photograph ' s been taken from ground level that ' s fantastic fantastic shot erm and the water is just by there and there is another water hole further down so you know that ' s the kind of impression that ' s just amazing and he knows just amazing he knows we ' re there but he ' s not bothered you know because he can
346. or are they on the side of the head? they are mostly forward looking yeah they have very poor eyesight but they would see you from that distance and and that ' s him again with the water coming out and this was another little family that came up but it ' s because this is where the freshest water is it comes out here and it bubbles through a little gully down to a m
347. they would see you from that distance and and that ' s him again with the water coming out and this was another little family that came up but it ' s because this is where the freshest water is it comes out here and it bubbles through a little gully down to a m a water hole but there the water the water is all muddy and mushed up because they they do everything in it
349. family that came up but it ' s because this is where the freshest water is it comes out here and it bubbles through a little gully down to a m a water hole but there the water the water is all muddy and mushed up because they they do everything in it right yeah but here it ' s absolutely f in fact yyou and i could drink out of it it ' s come
350. came up but it ' s because this is where the freshest water is it comes out here and it bubbles through a little gully down to a m a water hole but there the water the water is all muddy and mushed up because they they do everything in it right yeah but here it ' s absolutely f in fact yyou and i could drink out of it it ' s come up through
352. and like there is my glass and i i did pick it up and drink it you did you held it yourself yes and i did take part in the conversations and there is the water hole from the water hole just down there so you know there was some now these are the elephants that drink out the ah the one that ' s in the perimeter yes yes yes so there is the water hole most of the
353. hole from the water hole just down there so you know there was some now these are the elephants that drink out the ah the one that ' s in the perimeter yes yes yes so there is the water hole most of the elephants are down here but a few come up and i am stood on this deck on on the deck so i ' m not far away no no you couldn ' t be any closer
354. a superb photograph and it ' s the delicacy and you know when the first one came up it put its trunk in and it went like that to knock the dust off the top of the water oh then it expelled the water first of all and then it drank right okay so it ' s really quite delicate now this is how close you can get to an elephant this is in a vehicle that is
358. get the best views on this side from zimbabwe oh that ' s even better that ' s a great photograph that ' s erm just just great but they they tell me that in peak flow the water would be coming over here as well wow and if the wind is coming you wouldn ' t want to take your camera out you ' d get drenched because you ' d probably probably get drenched yeah superb yeah
360. take that off easily it ' s just a couple of screws right well that ' s already an improvement on on mine where i started to see a leak or not a leak i started to see water damage yeah at the base of the outside wall on the bathroom and i thought what the hell ' s going on? i just couldn ' t figure it out in my mind at all cos it was
361. in and he scratched his head and he said well in fact it ' s nothing to do with the under side of the bath the problem is in the taps the head of the bath mm and the water is somehow finding its way all along the rim of the bath and going down and staining the bottom of the so oh right he had to put the er yeah he fixed it easily enough he just changed
365. like a a cave yeah this was just the outside we didn ' t go in yeah mm and er there was you know been like petrified objects petrified they said you know it was the lime water run over and it ' s so limey that it coats the objects and turns them into stone turns them into stone like there was things like old kettles and old boots and things like that weren '
367. oh yes mm hm mm it ' s a flour mill that ' s what it looks like oh yes and that ' s the is that the mill? yes er with the wheel there it is yes water coming through here mm that ' s it ' s enough to power fifty houses at maximum output well eh yes just that one wheel? just that one little wheel did i tell you that er when we was
368. ##went won ' t but the baby river might freeze yes yeah and er er in derbyshire where got to get this right arkwright i think it was did the his spinning jenny business mm he used water power but it didn ' t freeze up mm because it was a warm water mm er and there are these warm water springs mm yes mm mm if it was the flour though you the harvest would be in
369. er in derbyshire where got to get this right arkwright i think it was did the his spinning jenny business mm he used water power but it didn ' t freeze up mm because it was a warm water mm er and there are these warm water springs mm yes mm mm if it was the flour though you the harvest would be in say september so you ' d be doing all your grinding in late september october
370. right arkwright i think it was did the his spinning jenny business mm he used water power but it didn ' t freeze up mm because it was a warm water mm er and there are these warm water springs mm yes mm mm if it was the flour though you the harvest would be in say september so you ' d be doing all your grinding in late september october by the time it ' s freezing yeah
372. mm and then er if it ' s a dry summer or something like that yes it peters down a bit a lovely picnic spot mm mm but i think there ' d be lots of disused and derelict water mills about so that would be a start wouldn ' t it oh yeah well we went to er didn ' t we? mm because i heard on the wireless the er about it was about windmills and
373. ##s and wa and watermills it was like a a week of them and they was on exhibition and all like this mm and it was saying where they were er and that and one of these water wheels was at yeah mm a working one mm you see? now that really interested me so we went didn ' t we mm surprised you didn ' t know about it anyway mm i didn ' t and
374. walls where there was a an outbuildings like a farm a dog had herded and he was going wild he was barking away and looking and er looking around there and i heard could hear the water running and i was looking and i had really found this place it it wasn ' t running but anyhow a a bloke appeared so i went over to him and asked him about it he he
375. each other sort of thing i got further up to the edge of this river mm and it must be in a way the start or certainly a good tributary of the river mm it goes round there fresh water in that and you had to be careful cos you could tell the ground was getting a little bit unsure squidgy mm and you looked up there and there was this biggest like half a field and the
376. that and you had to be careful cos you could tell the ground was getting a little bit unsure squidgy mm and you looked up there and there was this biggest like half a field and the water ' s bubbling up out of there it ' s a it ' s a spring mm oh right mm mm and i ' ve never actually sort of seen a spring like that no it ' s like that
379. story for that shot they were in the other day oh yeah i don ' t think it is they ' ve had one of them in every town we ' ve been in oh did you see the water hydrant? what does this say? let me read the sign dad parking payment at time of seven in the morning till twenty - three hours at night so we ' ll have to pay for parking it
385. ' re eating it it ' s not just horses cows too oh yeah chickens yeah yeah probably pigs they ' re all ba they ' re all s you can get chickens that are just massive balls of water and puss from there with just like yeah er that ' s the fthing i think we ' re being poisoned every day from our food source yeah that ' s just why another thing i think like
387. packaging don ' t they yeah so i don ' t really know if that ' s true or not it doesn ' t doesn ' t cl doesn ' t clarify that one the er see if that water ' s running darling when ' s your for first horse run then? er it ' s first going down i don ' t know whether it ' s on the telly if it ' s on the
395. t it? mm the workshop that looks good yeah a rake i liked the shadow on the rake yeah it ' s quite clever ain ' t it? erm not sure what that is like er water oh no that ' s just a reflection on puddle on some bakelite panel out there oh right bit strange and that ' s strange too yeah there ' s a coup texture ' s quite nice couple
396. good it ' s like it ' s like relaxation or like focus be either one if you need to focus on something yeah i suppose people who who want to they find it relaxing the sound of running water and things yeah don ' t they? cos it ' s supposed to be that ' s fair enough because sometimes like even classical music it ' s like you get a bit involved with it so mm
397. ' t they? cos it ' s supposed to be that ' s fair enough because sometimes like even classical music it ' s like you get a bit involved with it so mm like just rain water or something is is good yeah
399. i get it i i can ' t remember i think rovinj might be nice rovinj uhu where ' s that? it ' s a bit like venice the houses are on the water it ' s like er a bit of a hippy artist place right i miss you saw him a week ago no it would be nice if he was here with us wouldn ' t it? oh he
400. it i ' ll see if i ' m hungry i might have a little piece of chocolate the chocolate that you bought today? yeah oh is this your elderflower here? no it ' s just water now it was elderflower all i ' ve learnt in history about the american government and just government in and politics in general is just reaffirm our belief that they ' re all screwballs i don
405. and if we didn ' t now have i i delete i delete stuff yeah yeah i always do it very quickly the on the you know on demand that helps a lot ooh look at water oh he ' s gone and every so every so often we like for this next week coming up if we want to record anything we ' re going to have to take them off and put them on a
406. ain ' t you? no was here gonna find a stick use that mm? are you sure? you can wi we can wipe that off yeah? oh this is interesting stuff it ' s like water is it? yeah i bet it ' s pva glue did find a stick she did it ' s like pva glue perhaps it that it is pva that that look like pva glue don
410. t do this one did i? no you didn ' t did you? it ' s funny how the grain come up when you put that in innit? yeah cos it ' s the water isn ' t it i suppose? yeah well should be coming up shouldn ' t it? yeah right i ' m going in to see if i can mend this fuse do you want a hand with
411. see like a film and it was like a really shit animated film that i went to see with like my little cousin mm but it it was like a you sat in chairs and like you had like water streaming up like oh my god in your face and stuff like cos it was it was set on like a pirate ship or something wow so it ' s supposed to be like a simulation it ' s
416. really rock oh well i didn ' t and you can fall in it ' s not that hard to fall in no you you would end on the end of the pole can ' t you in the water if you ' re not careful yeah gotta be careful not to get the pole stuck haven ' t you in the mud on the bottom that is right yeah that ' s that ' s right you end up
417. re not careful yeah gotta be careful not to get the pole stuck haven ' t you in the mud on the bottom that is right yeah that ' s that ' s right you end up in the water no no that ' s right did you do that then did you? when you were there? i have been punting a couple of times yeah it ' s a nice thing to do oh that '
420. okay yeah go round town with erm bubbles with some boxes mm hm and they filled with charity bo and they filled with charity boxes and therefore all and if we have enough money we could raise the water age yeah but i think what we should do rather than just leaving charity boxes cos maybe they might not put anything in it is that we should try and fill a charity box ourselves that would be a
422. mm and erm er went to the well they both were going down to this one wet and wild one which is just like giant paddling pools and erm you know frog ponds and you know water games and stuff like that and of course couldn ' t do it cos of her arm ah and er wednesday was a little bit blowy and was just like in and out of this pool and she
424. not a f attractive quality as it happens my back feels like it ' s worked out a bit mm that ' s good a lot of this oh nice a lot of this figures of eight in the water oh it ' s so funny i might have to go and have a little lie down actually i ' m feeling a bit um dead? a bit achy a bit dead have to go and write julie
427. for chemicals and your bills will go up through the roof that ' s where like once a week you get in it yeah you ' ll think they ' d come up with a way of keeping the water warm without having to keep the electric on the whole time wouldn ' t you mm like in this day and age putting a solar panel on it or something i don ' t know have you seen that solar
428. keep the electric on the whole time wouldn ' t you mm like in this day and age putting a solar panel on it or something i don ' t know have you seen that solar not solar salt water car thing authorised that what? salt water powered car no ah i ' ve seen a little bit about it but i thought it were a joke how does that work? i don ' t know this guy
429. ' t you mm like in this day and age putting a solar panel on it or something i don ' t know have you seen that solar not solar salt water car thing authorised that what? salt water powered car no ah i ' ve seen a little bit about it but i thought it were a joke how does that work? i don ' t know this guy about a few years ago figured out how
430. i ' ve seen a little bit about it but i thought it were a joke how does that work? i don ' t know this guy about a few years ago figured out how to set salt water on fire really? mm salt water? mm okay i don ' t know if that ' s how it works it ' s something to do with the water flowing making it like a battery or something mm
432. years ago figured out how to set salt water on fire really? mm salt water? mm okay i don ' t know if that ' s how it works it ' s something to do with the water flowing making it like a battery or something mm haven ' t read too much into it that ' s nice in there yeah there? yeah up top oh yeah there? oh yeah oh that ' s nice
435. able to capture some metrics as we go yeah absolutely yeah? so i have got a couple of ideas of how to do that erm of cool port is er makes you think of you know water but simi similarly erm if you take the idea of port being an airport right? or a portal a portal yeah i ' m thinking port meaning something like you know port it ' s a place where
441. terrain on er september which is what i was gonna do in september last year but then you were poorly erm which is a running race but lots of fun so they have s er mud and sl water slides and just like fun obstacles to do to make it messy entertaining and messy and messy but people will get messy i don ' t want to get messy oh baby girl it ' s fun no you don
442. obstacle and activities every year so i don ' t know but they definitely have shoots to slide down erm what? like in like those things that go? a big big big shoot that goes into water so like that? so you get so actually you do get pretty clean by the end of it cos they ' ve got a bit of a muddy thing that you ' ve got to go through probably
443. muddy thing that you ' ve got to go through probably crawl under some stuff and go over some stuff but then there ' s like then they have a massive er massive slide where you go into the water and actually that cleans you up pretty well but da but mama is that er quite deep i can is it quite deep? it ' s not well no because this one will be for children so it
444. so they ' re not gonna drown you that wouldn ' t be very popular would it? if they did that so no it ' s not gonna how can i see? i can ' t see water only one pound cos you ' re only gonna be under there for like a couple of seconds only one pound to go so would we have to hold our breath? no course not you ' re just
445. you ' re only gonna be under there for like a couple of seconds only one pound to go so would we have to hold our breath? no course not you ' re just sliding down into the water does it have is it like swimming pool water? er well i don ' t know i think it ' s just probably normal water but it will be in september it ' ll be warm still it '
446. like a couple of seconds only one pound to go so would we have to hold our breath? no course not you ' re just sliding down into the water does it have is it like swimming pool water? er well i don ' t know i think it ' s just probably normal water but it will be in september it ' ll be warm still it ' s always really nice in september i know but
447. breath? no course not you ' re just sliding down into the water does it have is it like swimming pool water? er well i don ' t know i think it ' s just probably normal water but it will be in september it ' ll be warm still it ' s always really nice in september i know but w and you ' ll be really hot from having run around the track i think i
448. dream which was er like i was at school and i had a dream just for a change i was in my pe kit uhu? and there was like this arena which had loads of mud and water and the water w and er some bits you can ' t fall off because the water is yellow and if you do then you lose and you have to get up uhu? and if you fall into
449. er like i was at school and i had a dream just for a change i was in my pe kit uhu? and there was like this arena which had loads of mud and water and the water w and er some bits you can ' t fall off because the water is yellow and if you do then you lose and you have to get up uhu? and if you fall into that one it
450. change i was in my pe kit uhu? and there was like this arena which had loads of mud and water and the water w and er some bits you can ' t fall off because the water is yellow and if you do then you lose and you have to get up uhu? and if you fall into that one it cleans you so mm you don ' t have to be all muddy
451. to dip and blow mm yeah and then mm me and and and were left mm? and when and then there was this like slide which went up and down and up and down and it went into water and we had to swim across the water as fast as we could mm? so we all did that mm but he erm he didn ' t want to do that again so he just went up the
452. mm me and and and were left mm? and when and then there was this like slide which went up and down and up and down and it went into water and we had to swim across the water as fast as we could mm? so we all did that mm but he erm he didn ' t want to do that again so he just went up the side again and he cheated because he er
453. it was five so we let three go down and three go down and the first th and no and mm? they all went and couldn ' t grab onto the swing and they fell down they had water though and they got like a fake medal and then sit down and then the other people f went down and landed on the swings erm it was including me and okay they had for four seats wait which
460. buildings so it ' s basically yeah car engines pumps um trying to think what else th there ' s a lot of thermodynamics which is so you ' ve got like a fluid like water is used a lot in a power station for example to transmit energy and make electricity so there ' s a lot of mechanical engineering involved in that mm and the things that carry the water and what not mm
461. a fluid like water is used a lot in a power station for example to transmit energy and make electricity so there ' s a lot of mechanical engineering involved in that mm and the things that carry the water and what not mm very intriguing and do you use did you do a masters in that? yeah and do you use what you learnt in your job? em i use like some of the business bits i
463. might be a reserve area a nature reserve area i think so it ' s from all accounts it sounds absolutely mm there are some great country pubs out there as well i think there ' s one the water the waterman? or the waterboy something? and it ' s set like on the top of this gently rolling hill that gently rolls into the canals and the locks and all the canal boats you can
464. of rotting yeah i know wooden bits well i suppose it ' s just it ' s not worth spending money on it no so hopefully it will last yes as long as the roof stays lazing in water yeah we did have a tile off at some point that was fixed ah but there ' s another one hanging off i don ' t think it would fall on you but we ' ll have that done oh
467. it ' s going to go straight in the recycle bin now you don ' t have to wash it well i think washing actually wastes the total value of recycling it does the amount of water people do do you know lots of people put their cans to recycle in the dishwasher before they put them in the recycling do they? oh right yeah in the dishwasher we we
468. goes in recy they they get it goes into a machine that i know it goes yeah yeah if by the time i washed it any any value but this is has to have been lost by the water i ' ve wasted this is where we ' re different you see we we save every drop of water we can don ' t we? if we have any leftover see that little gel up there yeah
481. the clay is wet that won ' t silt on it no but i ' m not comparing i know yeah yeah you you fertiliser the field next door yeah yeah that ' s only water really isn ' t it? no it ' s not it ' s raw sewage no it ' s not it ' s just water raw sewage there ' d be lumps of everything nice conversation at lunch
482. ##rtiliser the field next door yeah yeah that ' s only water really isn ' t it? no it ' s not it ' s raw sewage no it ' s not it ' s just water raw sewage there ' d be lumps of everything nice conversation at lunchtime yeah that are we doing now you ' re taking that lather part ooh yeah mm yeah yeah well do you want more
485. in september cos if she doesn ' t go to berlin or yep stockholm she ' s just gonna move to she said but september is the date where she ' s moving out come hell or high water okay right cos she ' s finding it really tough really why? i think when you finish uni it ' s horrendous isn ' t it? because i can ' t remember reality
487. anybody in? motel house it ' s properly falling apart oh i love these cherry blossom trees i love them i ah ugg boots bike shop palatial centre i think is where everybody does white water rafting and stuff oh really? but i could be making it up could be making it up so we ' re going over a bridge look at that oh no is this that bridge? is it?
507. the pool i suppose they don ' t really think you could drown it ' s not very mm it ' s not really that deep no do you know a child could drown in like six inches of water? i could i could i did i know a child can drown in no like an inch of juice yeah yeah you could if you if you got a little i don ' t don ' t really want
528. than you can have whisky with water because whisky with water will get into your bloodstream quicker yeah oh does it? than straight whisky because it ' s because it ' s that little bit thinner and water goes it ' s absorbed yeah more water is absorbed isn ' t it? in the gut but it it has a it has a a sweeter taste to it this whisky has a sweeter taste to
529. whisky with water will get into your bloodstream quicker yeah oh does it? than straight whisky because it ' s because it ' s that little bit thinner and water goes it ' s absorbed yeah more water is absorbed isn ' t it? in the gut but it it has a it has a a sweeter taste to it this whisky has a sweeter taste to it oh when you put some water in
531. students yeah will come will come through yeah but i i was under the impression there ' s a little bit of a dip at the moment with the number of kids in yeah yeah it must be the water but mm but if if they ' re going to try and build eighty houses down there down at there will there will be a lot of problems but the entrance to the village is pretty useless anyway innit
532. ' s going to supply lo that ' s going to supply loads of people have you seen it? i mean it ' s massive ain ' t it you know? so they ' re getting the water ready to feed lots more people otherwise i mean when we first moved here there was no water pressure you could hardly get water pressure upstairs could you? and there was a water tower yeah and there was a
533. it? i mean it ' s massive ain ' t it you know? so they ' re getting the water ready to feed lots more people otherwise i mean when we first moved here there was no water pressure you could hardly get water pressure upstairs could you? and there was a water tower yeah and there was a water tower down there a big green water tower weren ' t there? but there was still
539. and there was a water tower yeah and there was a water tower down there a big green water tower weren ' t there? but there was still no water pressure and then they had to pump the water up from up to this one here but now they ' re putting their own one in which is a big bore they ' re gonna put in or they ' re putting it in yeah i mean they '
540. ' re putting it in yeah i mean they ' ve been boring for ages now haven ' t they? you can hear it going every day of the week and er well that ' ll get the water up is that the boring or is that the concrete mix cos they ' ve got that big yeah they ' ve also got that but they ' ve been boring as well with a big crane and ball
541. with a big crane and ballum - ballum ballum - ballum ballum - ballum going down and down and down drilling down so they ' ve got to bore anyway to get the water out and they can ' t pump all that water up from underneath there it must be there ' s more water on the top of the hill than there is through the bottom there it ' s weird inn
542. ballum - ballum ballum - ballum going down and down and down drilling down so they ' ve got to bore anyway to get the water out and they can ' t pump all that water up from underneath there it must be there ' s more water on the top of the hill than there is through the bottom there it ' s weird innit? cos jack and jill went up the
543. and down and down drilling down so they ' ve got to bore anyway to get the water out and they can ' t pump all that water up from underneath there it must be there ' s more water on the top of the hill than there is through the bottom there it ' s weird innit? cos jack and jill went up the hill to fetch a pale of water yeah so i think it
545. and jill went up the hill to fetch a pale of water yeah so i think it ' s really weird when you get erm you get up in in the dales and and and you get water coming down all the time yeah all the time yeah it ' s just a permeation through the rock isn ' t it? yeah and it finds it ' s an easy way out you think it
546. walking as well doing his rounds that ' s when the doc he was doing the rounds and he was doing his rounds and we we used to have a laugh and i got down just outside of the water tower bit where that where the trees are are over the top and then there then there ' s no trees and there ' s just a field and then another field the other side that bit was so deep
555. example then that won ' t bring rain it would if there ' s a depression over france right other side if it comes the other way travel back from the sea then it ' s there ' s water coming in yeah it ' ll be nice to have a little cold spell coming on yeah we ' re going on the coast path round we ' ll yeah then go past where it ' s higher and then
556. ' s awful but it ' s not from anyway we ' re going to is that er? er by? yes it ' s about six minutes oh right yeah yeah wow that ' s drooping water it ' s possible to get there could probably get there yeah on water that ' s true i don ' t think i ' ll go to until after october because we ' re not really no and a
557. to is that er? er by? yes it ' s about six minutes oh right yeah yeah wow that ' s drooping water it ' s possible to get there could probably get there yeah on water that ' s true i don ' t think i ' ll go to until after october because we ' re not really no and a couple of days in yes it ' s really bad in october yeah nice
560. take those oh thank you thank you thank you i still haven ' t deci decided on my summer holi i still haven ' t booked my is that lemonade? yeah oh it looks like water oh your summer holiday yeah you not decided where you ' re going yet? well decided the week we ' re going which week are you gonna go? the last week of august oh for the bank holiday
564. probably a couple more females i need yeah i need i need at least another one well are you going to do your fish tonight? mm i need to do ' s watering tonight pardon? need to water ' s flowers oh yeah i was just gonna say if you did if you cleaned them out tonight i ' d get you some more but i ' m not gonna get you more to put in in there
567. that ' s right it ' s scary that mm no wonder there ' s a lot of mental people in the world yeah well they reckon this area ' s alright cos of the calcium the hard water yeah the hard water would put a layer of calcium on the inside that ' s right to protect it yeah but you go places like devon and that with soft water yeah then like the soft water actually makes
568. it ' s scary that mm no wonder there ' s a lot of mental people in the world yeah well they reckon this area ' s alright cos of the calcium the hard water yeah the hard water would put a layer of calcium on the inside that ' s right to protect it yeah but you go places like devon and that with soft water yeah then like the soft water actually makes the lead didiss
569. cos of the calcium the hard water yeah the hard water would put a layer of calcium on the inside that ' s right to protect it yeah but you go places like devon and that with soft water yeah then like the soft water actually makes the lead didissolve in the water yeah that ' s right yeah oh dear yeah i mean that ' s why half of them are mental down there oh
570. hard water yeah the hard water would put a layer of calcium on the inside that ' s right to protect it yeah but you go places like devon and that with soft water yeah then like the soft water actually makes the lead didissolve in the water yeah that ' s right yeah oh dear yeah i mean that ' s why half of them are mental down there oh dear oh that ' s funny
571. calcium on the inside that ' s right to protect it yeah but you go places like devon and that with soft water yeah then like the soft water actually makes the lead didissolve in the water yeah that ' s right yeah oh dear yeah i mean that ' s why half of them are mental down there oh dear oh that ' s funny innit? mm had to have the gasman out
572. must do unless you ' ve got to go out fishing and to feed your family well that ' s right yeah now do you know i i ' d fan i ' d fancy that if i liked water if you liked water you wouldn ' t mind being a fisherman? no absolutely yeah but you know i love fish i can ' t i can ' t stand the water they come out of thought you know
573. ' ve got to go out fishing and to feed your family well that ' s right yeah now do you know i i ' d fan i ' d fancy that if i liked water if you liked water you wouldn ' t mind being a fisherman? no absolutely yeah but you know i love fish i can ' t i can ' t stand the water they come out of thought you know that ' s i
574. d fancy that if i liked water if you liked water you wouldn ' t mind being a fisherman? no absolutely yeah but you know i love fish i can ' t i can ' t stand the water they come out of thought you know that ' s i just imagine being in devon or cornwall and going out and catching your dinner coming back and getting well they can do that off the north of norfolk you
575. had a i ' ve had a look at it have you had it to bits? i haven ' t had it broken to bits no that ' s it ' ll it ' ll heat up the water it just didn ' t pull it through oh i see it ' s supposed to roller it through it started it mm and that was didn ' t mm it ' s nothing special i just thought off tray
577. it purple you couldn ' t do that now no you couldn ' t do anything like that now mm and you used to get crystal potassium permanganate and you ' d show how diffusion in water and things like that just one crystal you drop this piece of potassium permanganate in and you ' d watch it grow not gr you ' d watch all the colour come out of it oh i
578. you drop this piece of potassium permanganate in and you ' d watch it grow not gr you ' d watch all the colour come out of it oh i see right and go in the water yeah right so it like diffusion cos we used to grow crystals too didn ' t we? yeah yeah er in silica that was the way you did yeah add some crystals and you put some si
579. extra in your wage packet but they would be making hundreds of pounds out of your ideas yeah at where i used to work this bloke they had an ideas box of how to oxygenate the water w that was getting that they were passing through and this here bloke just put it in shingle he got twenty - six quid for it and they saved them thousands of pounds well hundreds of
580. this here bloke just put it in shingle he got twenty - six quid for it and they saved them thousands of pounds well hundreds of thousands of pounds mm oxygenating oxygenating the water and then returning it back to where to be recycled you see recycle and they just used to pump it over over the shingle which bounced it about mm oxygenated it and back in it went
582. look like or a week or whatever but if i just keep visualizing i don ' t know i think like a waterfall is what i ' m thinking of and just like this sort of gushing water that is clearing everything out okay so that ' s what you ' re wanting in the interim then i can join you in this creative visualisation if you like? just think about we ' ll just imagine
585. re we ' re quite happy on this she said well let me just we ' ve got three hours why not? so he said i ' ve got this farm he said it ' s got a water mill and it ' s got barns and it ' s got a house and it ' s got a stream running through it and and we said oh go on then we ' ll have a look we got
586. said oh he ' s he ' s he ' s sixty - five dad and he said i ' m sixty - five anyway every every year so it got we went out renovated the house renovated the water mill renovated the stables and then our lovely er who happened to be the mayor of the big town near us every time we went to see him in the summer the first question he sai well the first question
587. quite chill it was july but it was quite chill and we just walked we went that end and we went right the way back down again and it was gorgeous because i mean stick my feet in the water and you ' ve lost me i have paddled in the baltic just on principle by god it was cold and i didn ' t find any amber so i had to get to buy me some i think
593. foot absolutely astonishing there did there was one erm er little blonde woman who who did it really well in america? uhu ah but it ' s not fair cos if they fall in the water that ' s it they ' re out mm it ' s really harsh have you nearly finished? have you told about the domestic brownie badge and what you have to do? do you have to clean
596. ##tvs yeah mm mm they had that on er they were following her round mm and she was texting and she went straight yeah the wall was about this this high and she went straight into the water whee and into the water yeah course that ruined her phone too didn ' t it? yeah mm cos people they say they ' re texting fell on the street and fell into a lamppost
597. had that on er they were following her round mm and she was texting and she went straight yeah the wall was about this this high and she went straight into the water whee and into the water yeah course that ruined her phone too didn ' t it? yeah mm cos people they say they ' re texting fell on the street and fell into a lamppost yeah walked into a lamppost
600. slots in put it together what will be the best? have you thought what what if i if i go and get to go and get a bit of varnish mm do you is is there a water - based varnish that you can just slap on? i ' ve a feeling there is a water - based one yeah there is a water - based just want something just to bring out bring out a
601. go and get to go and get a bit of varnish mm do you is is there a water - based varnish that you can just slap on? i ' ve a feeling there is a water - based one yeah there is a water - based just want something just to bring out bring out a bit of the make the wood look nice and yeah give it a finish we ' ve got some yeah
602. bit of varnish mm do you is is there a water - based varnish that you can just slap on? i ' ve a feeling there is a water - based one yeah there is a water - based just want something just to bring out bring out a bit of the make the wood look nice and yeah give it a finish we ' ve got some yeah pardon? we ' ve got some have
609. is that a cloud? yes it ' s rubbish ah the internet british british salt that ' s a british salt oh you know did you see that episode of friends mm where like ross got like salt water taffy? what the hell is salt water taffy? i don ' t know that ' s why i ' m asking oh what is taffy in the first place is it like a chewy
610. rubbish ah the internet british british salt that ' s a british salt oh you know did you see that episode of friends mm where like ross got like salt water taffy? what the hell is salt water taffy? i don ' t know that ' s why i ' m asking oh what is taffy in the first place is it like a chewy sweet? oh like oh yeah guess what i
611. need to let it melt it ' s only gonna do that in the heat wood doesn ' t conduct heat so it ' s quite a safe thing i just meant that the bowl itself had been on water right let have a little bit of a turn it might be that we have to put it back on so it was in a bain - marie can you remember what a bain - marie is? no mummy
615. of areas er or that that assumes she knows what a cappuccino is ye yeah yeah that ' s just as the italians say acqua sporca which is what you just had dirty water yes dirty water acqua sporca which is which is their slang word for an american coffee though they don ' t say that okay no no that ' s right to the americans who order it that
619. oh right becau er they rely on well i ' m glad you ' ve put me off i cos i was just rushing out to get one well cos you ' ve got the water pressure issue apparently apparent i don ' t know it ' s what they say but oh really? well the water pressure ' s not brilliant where i live they changed the water supply recently and they send me
620. ##s i was just rushing out to get one well cos you ' ve got the water pressure issue apparently apparent i don ' t know it ' s what they say but oh really? well the water pressure ' s not brilliant where i live they changed the water supply recently and they send me a note not a note they sent me a formal letter mm telling me of the official change of some reservoir to
621. you ' ve got the water pressure issue apparently apparent i don ' t know it ' s what they say but oh really? well the water pressure ' s not brilliant where i live they changed the water supply recently and they send me a note not a note they sent me a formal letter mm telling me of the official change of some reservoir to a new reservoir oh right and telling me that er no ass
622. note not a note they sent me a formal letter mm telling me of the official change of some reservoir to a new reservoir oh right and telling me that er no assuring me abso that the water was still good to drink and there shouldn ' t be any change in taste but that i well they might find it quote a little harder oh right this is cos which is not good news for your
624. it ' s very good of them but i haven ' t had any such communication well you obviously they haven ' t changed your supplier well it ' s not it ' s not it ' s still water right but they are right you ' re right right getting it from your your bog standard reservoir that ' s right you ' ve always got it from probably get it from the the but you see people in
625. the the but you see people in are more discerning so they have to change the reservoir where we get ours from there ' s there ' s been there ' s been blind tasting of the water yes i think probably just the the incidents of dead dogs er in your old reservoirs has reached the adds a certain dare one say body piquancy body yeah that ' s right yeah yeah well there we
627. ' s right you know and yes and a bidet will be no good at all oh yes exactly unless you ' ve got high pressure you know you got i got that ' s right cos water has to go up that way that ' s right you know but it yeah would probably be the other way round wouldn ' t it? so ah well if you haven ' t got this it ' ll
628. well i shall see how that plan pans out well you must let know how this works out i well cos i ' ve never known before i i ' ve been asked about hard and soft water ah okay right but right i ' ve never been asked or heard about high or low water pressurised water well no i don ' t know i i ' d it it i i may be mm
629. out i well cos i ' ve never known before i i ' ve been asked about hard and soft water ah okay right but right i ' ve never been asked or heard about high or low water pressurised water well no i don ' t know i i ' d it it i i may be mm doing him a disservice here he may have said do you have a pressuri
636. s right well we shall see about that but yours well would probably come first if it ' s sese if it ' s september yes and i can i can erm er report back on high water well it low water pressure and goodness knows what else it may well be that if i if it ' s er yeah still haven ' t got something done i shall approach you again oh well you can by
637. shall see about that but yours well would probably come first if it ' s sese if it ' s september yes and i can i can erm er report back on high water well it low water pressure and goodness knows what else it may well be that if i if it ' s er yeah still haven ' t got something done i shall approach you again oh well you can by all means and if
643. more in the summer actually oh really? i think so i ' ve noticed i haven ' t noticed he ' s needed this one cos it ' s probably cos he ' s in the water all the time what like a seal? yeah he doesn ' t need his face hydrated at the moment cos he ' s just always in the water or an otter? oh yeah it ' s
644. probably cos he ' s in the water all the time what like a seal? yeah he doesn ' t need his face hydrated at the moment cos he ' s just always in the water or an otter? oh yeah it ' s not hydrated he ' s in the water every day it ' s not hydrated it ' s protection against the cold elements and the wind bad for your
645. he doesn ' t need his face hydrated at the moment cos he ' s just always in the water or an otter? oh yeah it ' s not hydrated he ' s in the water every day it ' s not hydrated it ' s protection against the cold elements and the wind bad for your skin he ' s alright at the moment actually i ' m quite surprised i don ' t
646. to come anyway cos is off to wales is he? well he ' s going i think it ' s sunday is he driving? monday i don ' t think so it ' s for his water endorsement well he can ' t drive on the motorway anyway cos he ' s a learner driver no exactly yeah well that was the other thing i think the canoe club want him to pass his test
647. test so he can on their new trips up to wales he ' ll be able to drive some of the way well erm ' s done loads of driving in wales actually yeah mm yeah so is water endorsement that ' s with? no oh right? he ' s another bloke who works at yeah yeah yeah is with and he ' s booking in his erm level three for february level three
648. ' ll want to be yeah up internal yeah working which is fine yeah so the ml is the next big one er but he won ' t necessarily get it first time anyway yeah but certainly with the water sports the amount of mm experience how he can actually do it i told him not to apply last year yeah well he didn ' t have his driving lessons last year and so he automatically couldn ' t '
649. something? i don ' t really know yeah went for sea kayaking it was based in the south west it was for all families and people that want to go out on the sea in white white water cos white water season is only six months of the year and the guys just it becomes go through the docks like in yeah yeah but the sea kayaking you get a lot of families that want to
650. ' t really know yeah went for sea kayaking it was based in the south west it was for all families and people that want to go out on the sea in white white water cos white water season is only six months of the year and the guys just it becomes go through the docks like in yeah yeah but the sea kayaking you get a lot of families that want to go out and they
651. do sea kayaking in ecuador that will at some point in the future well that comes with the the profession so yeah it ' s in terms of tourism travel it ' s a better one than white water yeah white water is quite specialised yeah and so he ' s got his four star white water which is nice he needs to go yeah in white water so yeah it ' s a pretty impressive portfolio but some
652. ##aking in ecuador that will at some point in the future well that comes with the the profession so yeah it ' s in terms of tourism travel it ' s a better one than white water yeah white water is quite specialised yeah and so he ' s got his four star white water which is nice he needs to go yeah in white water so yeah it ' s a pretty impressive portfolio but some time before christmas
653. the the profession so yeah it ' s in terms of tourism travel it ' s a better one than white water yeah white water is quite specialised yeah and so he ' s got his four star white water which is nice he needs to go yeah in white water so yeah it ' s a pretty impressive portfolio but some time before christmas he needs to kind of erm you and he all white you can be
654. tourism travel it ' s a better one than white water yeah white water is quite specialised yeah and so he ' s got his four star white water which is nice he needs to go yeah in white water so yeah it ' s a pretty impressive portfolio but some time before christmas he needs to kind of erm you and he all white you can be here and he needs to bring up to date what his
656. it comes oh yeah look just don ' t joke about things like that just don ' t joke well they say they really are concerned about the er the gulf stream why? changing because of the cold water coming off the melting ice caps in the arctic is deflecting the gulf stream so it will not come right up to the west coast of scotland and therefore won ' t come down our west coast er
657. started very early yeah didn ' t we yeah mm it was horrible horrible horrible horrible mm this winter has been so incredibly mild mm yeah mm i reckon you i ' ve never had my boat on the water as early mm really? mm i reckon you owe us a hundred and fifty pounds for everything six months ' cat lit twenty pounds a month you ' ve just put a random well ball - park figure on
658. and whatever yeah a 3d printer will print that out now wow mm it ' s fantastic innit? yeah yeah mm i watched my favourite programme again twice this week what countryfile? no the water tower at settle oh right did you? right oh you ' re longing to get up there aren ' t you? huh? i watched it twice cos the one on the man was fifteen minutes this
659. have the full version of it which i watched a couple of times yeah mm erm well you ' ll just have to win the lottery won ' t you? would you want to do up a water tower? i ' d love to live in that water tower i really would love to live in that water tower they paid two hundred and eight thousand pound for it mm and then they spent another two hundred
662. that view they have from the top of it well there ' s there ' s one at er where is it? easton you could buy that yeah but sorry that ' s not the same type of water tower no what about the one in? they finished down the road haven ' t they? they have haven ' t they? yeah it ' s quite neat down there at the moment it is yeah i
663. game where this was in the day where you used to wash the lettuce as well mm erm before salad spinners and what have you and he ' d sit there like this shaking the water off a bit of lettuce and all of a sudden you ' d get slap in your face yeah and he ' d stir his tea and he ' d stir his tea and he ' d stir
664. yeah are you gonna get a bigger tank? or are you just gonna we ' re going to erm when you move that? when they ' re in their heat we ' re gonna save the water but when they ' re in yeah their heat packs we ' re gonna scoop everything out and put new sort of sand
665. patient with everyone and especially with erm people who are quite nervous when are you going? i don ' t know is it something you want to do? i don ' t want to do white water kayaking no mm mm not not even slightly no erm i don ' t know i quite fancy a nice gentle open canadian canoe on flat water you and are so alike i ' m not mm i
666. do? i don ' t want to do white water kayaking no mm mm not not even slightly no erm i don ' t know i quite fancy a nice gentle open canadian canoe on flat water you and are so alike i ' m not mm i ' m not that bothered i don ' t really want to go white water kayaking down the no no you don ' t have to no i
667. t know i quite fancy a nice gentle open canadian canoe on flat water you and are so alike i ' m not mm i ' m not that bothered i don ' t really want to go white water kayaking down the no no you don ' t have to no i don ' t yeah no i ' m not that interested just yeah no i ' d rather have an easy canoe and a picnic i
670. ll be able to maybe ring up the electric people on if well that was what i ' m thinking if when the moment we find out i will ring the electrics erm i will ring the water and i will fill in a form for the council tax and tell them because then we wou could get would reduced council tax maybe probably not maybe i don ' t know but he said no but you
676. cucumber with and you had hadn ' t you? mm mm as sensitive as that oh so i don ' t know what ' s in cu there ' s nothing in it ' s only water really is cucumber must be ninety - nine point dot water yes yeah and the rest of it is just green colouring mm mm nothing to it but but it just shows how you react to it
677. mm as sensitive as that oh so i don ' t know what ' s in cu there ' s nothing in it ' s only water really is cucumber must be ninety - nine point dot water yes yeah and the rest of it is just green colouring mm mm nothing to it but but it just shows how you react to it yeah well you know oh i didn ' t like it mm no
680. weren ' t it? yes it was yeah mm and it seems to roll off the fields doesn ' t it mm somehow? mm yeah it does it wasn ' t until we got into oh the water let ' s bang that erm water in that it do that it becabecame clear better yeah yes just put water in if you like er just top it up take that but i can
683. just ignore that one we ' ll just all no drink at the same we ' ll just all drink we ' ll just all take a large gulp yeah erm alright do you guys wanna do the water? you get what about the waterfall one do you wanna do? that ' s what we were saying er yeah just we have to all take a drink everyone takes one gulp one large gulp okay the rest
685. we keep using them yeah but no it ' s really ni it ' s well said for next year he didn ' t know if he ' d do it again because you have to be here to water them every day and because yeah we go off skiing all the time yeah for weeks here and there and we ' re at the lake and he ' s away and then it ' s down to me and
691. ' t know whether to give it back to her less while it ' s in flower? yeah but i know what what she ' ll do she ' ll cut all the other shoots off and over water it and then i ' ll get it back and it ' s just sort of urgh so keep it mm might do yeah well our pink one in the other room that ' s fantastic we ' ve
695. ' ll find another place probably i was either to gonna do that or flood it but the the hosepipe ban is we ' ve done that before haven ' t we? oh we ' ve put water down before we have yeah just soaks away and it doesn ' t seem to to get them gone no yeah i reckon they ' ve got i cou i could put the hose from the sewage down
696. can you go and tip your barrow over? i think do you want me to go and tip your barrow over? no it ' s full up with stuff it ' s gonna be full up with water now mm one of them has got holes in oh would you like the fajitas tonight? pardon? do you want fajitas tonight? you what? do you want fajitas? oh
697. mm oh that was a article about how much pension is needed to live on mm oh what are they doing? going abroad on holidays and well this is the thing innit they all spend money like water don ' t they they do actually they do actually the people i know that they no problem i mean ' s mum i ' ll tell you what she ' s got a good pension yeah and she '
698. they no problem i mean ' s mum i ' ll tell you what she ' s got a good pension yeah and she ' s ever since i ' ve known her she ' s spent money like water yeah with absolutely no you know regards for it regard to it i mean she had mobility scooters yeah and she ' d have one for a couple of years oh that ' s no good get rid
701. water bowser and you know and you know all this sort of it ' s sort of more there seems to be more plant than there are blokes crikey they ' ve got a water bowser? they ain ' t gonna lay the water on first then? no but they sort of done one hous dug one lot of footings out and put yeah and bricked up the damp
702. sort of it ' s sort of more there seems to be more plant than there are blokes crikey they ' ve got a water bowser? they ain ' t gonna lay the water on first then? no but they sort of done one hous dug one lot of footings out and put yeah and bricked up the damp course and before they left they were digging some really big
703. since it ' s been raining and they ' ve gone away like they ' ve got this massive great trench a trench seems to have anything in it aww i ' ll be back and like the water level is it ' s filled up with water that far from the top is it? well it must be li lo low water table then a high water table well there is but this is what we said
704. ve gone away like they ' ve got this massive great trench a trench seems to have anything in it aww i ' ll be back and like the water level is it ' s filled up with water that far from the top is it? well it must be li lo low water table then a high water table well there is but this is what we said all along there ' s a really high water
705. have anything in it aww i ' ll be back and like the water level is it ' s filled up with water that far from the top is it? well it must be li lo low water table then a high water table well there is but this is what we said all along there ' s a really high water table there cos every time it rains that field used to flood yeah that '
706. ##w i ' ll be back and like the water level is it ' s filled up with water that far from the top is it? well it must be li lo low water table then a high water table well there is but this is what we said all along there ' s a really high water table there cos every time it rains that field used to flood yeah that ' s right you did didn
707. that far from the top is it? well it must be li lo low water table then a high water table well there is but this is what we said all along there ' s a really high water table there cos every time it rains that field used to flood yeah that ' s right you did didn ' t you yeah mm so how they ' re gonna put soak ways in if you '
708. every time it rains that field used to flood yeah that ' s right you did didn ' t you yeah mm so how they ' re gonna put soak ways in if you ' ve got a water table that high? well that ' s right yeah well that ' s gonna be difficult they ' ll have to run them straight into the sewage they won ' t be allowed to will they? no they
710. they? no they won ' t will they no they might put tanks in what? they might put tanks in yeah but if they do the tanks will fill up with water won ' t they ground water well they will yeah cos i mean they only they ' re two way aren ' t they? they ' re suppose to soak out but they ' ll just fill up yeah mm god knows but
711. re suppose to soak out but they ' ll just fill up yeah mm god knows but they might put er e your economical yeah not economical the tanks that you can use for oh yeah for grey water for grey water yeah mm yeah yeah i can see that happening then you get it but this site is absolutely full i i think they ' ve i don ' t think the houses are where they were showing
712. soak out but they ' ll just fill up yeah mm god knows but they might put er e your economical yeah not economical the tanks that you can use for oh yeah for grey water for grey water yeah mm yeah yeah i can see that happening then you get it but this site is absolutely full i i think they ' ve i don ' t think the houses are where they were showing on the original
713. at the moment yeah i bet it do yeah cos of all the rain in there yeah oh but that ' s really that ' s sort of silt you know good draining material yeah but the water table ' s so high yeah mm oh huh well they have got well that ain ' t far away from you really is it the water tower? that ' s right so so what? well they could
721. s pretty poor yeah i wanted him to read this though cos this is genuinely a good book there ' s one like they missed out loads of bits that are in this the the zombies in this water doesn ' t stop them they try like living on islands or like being out on boats and stuff but the zombies just sink and they walk along the seabed and then eventually they find like a chain with
722. i might get my own we ' ll see u oh you weren ' t gonna be meta knight last time what the hell was that? i just changed my outfit or something you ' ve got a water gun now what happened to my old thing where i go up in a se do you know what i mean when i? when you do what? he ' s lost it he had his little whir
723. ah must ' ve run out of fucking ammo ah ah i don ' t like his little thing i mean it ' s pointless now i ' ve got one that shoots fire and one that shoots water you might win though i doubt it we ' re both on zero bugger ah if i can get this oh no he ' ll run back ah no no no no yeah yeah that was like fair and
727. strong it ' s just like i know but film what ' s that? bill gates bought millions of mosquito nets took them to africa and they ' ve used them as fishing nets take a duck to water yeah not everywhere but yeah isn ' t it take a horse to water? duck water frog take a duck to water and it could get in you can ' t make them swim i was thinking a duck
728. ? bill gates bought millions of mosquito nets took them to africa and they ' ve used them as fishing nets take a duck to water yeah not everywhere but yeah isn ' t it take a horse to water? duck water frog take a duck to water and it could get in you can ' t make them swim i was thinking a duck ' d be alright a horse might not but they have eradicated pol
729. bought millions of mosquito nets took them to africa and they ' ve used them as fishing nets take a duck to water yeah not everywhere but yeah isn ' t it take a horse to water? duck water frog take a duck to water and it could get in you can ' t make them swim i was thinking a duck ' d be alright a horse might not but they have eradicated polio most places
730. them to africa and they ' ve used them as fishing nets take a duck to water yeah not everywhere but yeah isn ' t it take a horse to water? duck water frog take a duck to water and it could get in you can ' t make them swim i was thinking a duck ' d be alright a horse might not but they have eradicated polio most places now haven ' t they?
733. usually he ' s on his own cos ' s working and yeah i think you know he has friends there er but oh absolutely yeah but you know i suppose they went they went like wa like water rafting on those little ravines and he hinted hinted that erm at first it had been a bit of a bromance issue that was always off with and? yeah when did he say that
736. into it and erm and these group of engineers one was british one was african and one was american and they all came together to do this project and it was they turned like human waste into pure water like drinkable water yeah i saw that which was really cool so like they put like it basically he put the money in and then people bid to get the money for with like an innovative idea to like
738. and the best idea got the pot of money to make it happen mm that was it wasn ' t it? and that was the idea yeah it was that was the one that won converting waste to water you did tell me about that it was really cool cos it showed the machine in action and like could how did he i can ' t imagine that really can you? no i read about it but
739. but i can ' t remember now yeah i di i did read about it how on earth does that work? it it showed it all working but i can ' t remember what happened i mean has water in it but how do you extract that and what are you left with? and purify it and er i guess getting people to actually mm drink it although i suppose well they get the blok
740. ? and purify it and er i guess getting people to actually mm drink it although i suppose well they get the bloke drinks drank it in the video and was like tastes like normal water yeah really clever though interesting i were just thinking apple ' s gone a bit it ' s gone a bit rubbish now that steve jobs is do you kn do you know do you understand what i ' m
741. s like it ' s er there ' s basically like one set of steps that you go up that ' s here mm actually mm it so you go up these this is the malecon the like water front oh i ' ve lost where ' s it gone? okay so this is the this is the waterfront which is all really developed erm and you go up these steps they ' re called and it
742. to be around it sometimes but it sometimes is the er but it sometimes are you trying to defrost it really quickly? no that ' ll defrost really quickly mm it ' s warm water oh right erm i thought something like this brings on salmonella erm why? i don ' t know i just heard that it ' s not a good thing to do to put it in hot
748. ##veolar trill when they do a d we go d here but they go duh duh on the t so they ' d say wa - der kinda like the american duh duh water mm it ' s a different d so that would come under phonetics phonology would be specifically what we use it ' s the se it ' s the speech so interesting i i can write in
753. yeah and one ' s a normal bar and one ' s bar that ' s cool all being through oh massive it ' s absolutely fucking huge there ' s a massive like glass bar yeah with like water coming down i don ' t know if it ' s water or whether it ' s just light but it looks cool well good mm it ' s just so cocktail party that ' s well good yeah i
754. bar that ' s cool all being through oh massive it ' s absolutely fucking huge there ' s a massive like glass bar yeah with like water coming down i don ' t know if it ' s water or whether it ' s just light but it looks cool well good mm it ' s just so cocktail party that ' s well good yeah i don ' t know if i was gonna go there now everyone
755. store it at the moment mm oh well you can ' t store a meaningful amount like that guy up mm who was trying to lecture us that oh you can store electricity now he said mm with er water up hills and mm interconnectors and spare wind turbine power in scotland can be exported to norway mm erm but you know they ' re just playing with it but you know you the solution is
756. under sea is very very expensive mm cos people don ' t realise how much heat mm is comes off power wires mm erm if it ' s underground you ' ve gotta put it in cooling water the cables and people who don ' t like us can cut it well cut the wires yeah that ' s a good that ' s a good point yeah mm so as far as possible try and be self
759. house without telling you i ' m surprised they haven ' t gone to view some more land but they just fell in love with this one haven ' t they? we still need to find dad that water table thing plane yeah i well don ' t they need to know that before they buy it? yeah they will yeah they will how are they gonna find that out? there ' s supposed to be a
760. see what happens mm mm but i ' ve told em what i think i ' ve told them what to be careful of and what i think to be careful of maybe i haven ' t mentioned the water thing again ' s told them what they what she thinks they need to be careful of and we said now we ' re just gonna leave it because they want to make their decision and they want it to
761. birthday and not texting her back on last week till i get my volume why what did he do? oh my god he ' s got tulisa and she ' s just come out the water like she ' s fucking amazing who slow motion walks out of the water? what? oh you ' re fucking having me on i thought she was been arrested for drugs or some yeah exactly that ' s
762. volume why what did he do? oh my god he ' s got tulisa and she ' s just come out the water like she ' s fucking amazing who slow motion walks out of the water? what? oh you ' re fucking having me on i thought she was been arrested for drugs or some yeah exactly that ' s exactly why she ' s not on the show any more like who is
766. an actaction erm you can do erm in petrol do an action something in petrol? don ' t help yeah yeah okay fine i know what it is yeah you can put it in water as well you can put it in water if there was a fire you can do something to the fire in water smother it it like kind of another word for it covering think of liquid of liquid
767. do erm in petrol do an action something in petrol? don ' t help yeah yeah okay fine i know what it is yeah you can put it in water as well you can put it in water if there was a fire you can do something to the fire in water smother it it like kind of another word for it covering think of liquid of liquid quenching no erm i need
768. t help yeah yeah okay fine i know what it is yeah you can put it in water as well you can put it in water if there was a fire you can do something to the fire in water smother it it like kind of another word for it covering think of liquid of liquid quenching no erm i need some ah time dousing in petrol dousing douse someone in petrol
769. ##nching no erm i need some ah time dousing in petrol dousing douse someone in petrol i thought it was yeah well put the song back on then oh sorry like dousing in water water oh excellent we ' re onto world so so we ' re back one then? that was hard that was so hard oh right okay erm hang on will you please stop screaming? sorry she '
770. ##ing no erm i need some ah time dousing in petrol dousing douse someone in petrol i thought it was yeah well put the song back on then oh sorry like dousing in water water oh excellent we ' re onto world so so we ' re back one then? that was hard that was so hard oh right okay erm hang on will you please stop screaming? sorry she ' s
771. a day right in the nineteen years that i lived in we bled the radiators four times no do you know what it is? they changed our valves which means that they had to empty the water from the whole system when they refilled it dirt got in right okay so dirt and air is clogging up and that ' s why the noise is there so it ' s really boring it
772. scared to touch it let alone take it outside the iphone six i mean yeah i feel like you wouldn ' t want it in your pocket just wouldn ' t wanna touch it my pocket well if go water proof with it they ' ve gone downhill and they haven ' t gone waterproof so the new sony phone you can take it right underwater yeah i ' ve seen that it ' s fucking mental such a
773. music now it ' s all dance music oh shit it ' s the wrong channel you got a taste for rugby now babe? it ' s not fight night was on please tell me that ' s water? that ' s sweat it ' s boxing innit there ' s probably more especially there football match choice arsenal didn ' t play today did they? there he is watch all my days is rudetub
792. rustle the leaves but there ' s still l erm i mean that could be any season almost you know? yeah erm erm and then the next one? they might go out the water run away mm looks nice it looks like there ' s a good reflection that ' s right yeah i tried to do that was excited by the next day the snow had all gone was excited about the next
796. ##lames on herself but it was just the right mm thing do actually and she knew because of the red cross she ' d learnt erm first aid and basic er erm response to flood and water and and er ffire and erm she knew that that was what you had to do and she did it so i can ' t remember what happened next really erm i know mother always banged on
801. a thing called a life get it go explore it although she had started going to the gym now she ' s doing hydro hit oh wow okay and what the hell was the other one called? not water zumba er aquarobics aqua fit? aqua fit that ' s what it is oh yeah? cool so she ' s doing it slowly but surely that ' s good and they ' ve reduced
803. mm boom boom it ' s weird this when your kettle ' s steaming you have to put a cold plate over it these are big one and the steam goes to the cold plate and it turns into water water water vapour and it drips down rain iit ' s hello do you want a tater? oh oh oh u oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh did granny manage to get
804. boom boom it ' s weird this when your kettle ' s steaming you have to put a cold plate over it these are big one and the steam goes to the cold plate and it turns into water water water vapour and it drips down rain iit ' s hello do you want a tater? oh oh oh u oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh did granny manage to get there
805. boom it ' s weird this when your kettle ' s steaming you have to put a cold plate over it these are big one and the steam goes to the cold plate and it turns into water water water vapour and it drips down rain iit ' s hello do you want a tater? oh oh oh u oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh did granny manage to get there?
807. ? totally so what what was the what was the bu phrases again? bucking holding out and er holding the centre line so this is about rivers yeah? yeah yeah what sport? what sport mm water polo? no it ' s log rolling i don ' t know what log rolling is but bugger i ' ll have my ten please? i thought i thought i thought you were erm a log
808. or is it ' s turn? just had her turn yeah oh oh yeah she messed up right no i didn ' t i ' m gonna go to green oh yeah and i ' m gonna pick water water the science and nature behind water i reckon you could get this right you could get this right i ' m i ' m just gonna get this wrong on purpose now oh what did i just step in
809. is it ' s turn? just had her turn yeah oh oh yeah she messed up right no i didn ' t i ' m gonna go to green oh yeah and i ' m gonna pick water water the science and nature behind water i reckon you could get this right you could get this right i ' m i ' m just gonna get this wrong on purpose now oh what did i just step in?
810. just had her turn yeah oh oh yeah she messed up right no i didn ' t i ' m gonna go to green oh yeah and i ' m gonna pick water water the science and nature behind water i reckon you could get this right you could get this right i ' m i ' m just gonna get this wrong on purpose now oh what did i just step in? a tiny bit of glass okay
812. it? oh yeah i will just get a bit of water on here question okay there you go if you like blood blood ' s my favourite in which ancient science was an inverted triangle the symbol for water? in which? in which ancient science was an inverted triangle the symbol for water in which ancient science? can i can i guess if he doesn ' t get it? mm hm an in an inverted
813. there you go if you like blood blood ' s my favourite in which ancient science was an inverted triangle the symbol for water? in which? in which ancient science was an inverted triangle the symbol for water in which ancient science? can i can i guess if he doesn ' t get it? mm hm an in an inverted triangle ouch the symbol for water? erm i don ' t know what
814. science was an inverted triangle the symbol for water in which ancient science? can i can i guess if he doesn ' t get it? mm hm an in an inverted triangle ouch the symbol for water? erm i don ' t know what is it? can i can i guess? ttake a guess alchemy it is alchemy well you ' ve just thoroughly disappointed both of us
816. you ' ve just said our number oh just checking who it was that ' s all the name because you signed for it and everything yeah okay no problem up to the room didn ' t undo the water and went to bed that that was it and there was a couple in the cavern club before who said this isn ' t the this isn ' t the real cavern club the real cavern club is over there
820. i show them that old technology ' s still being used yeah even now yes it is yeah right yeah but they some of the areas they have to drain them cos yeah there ' s so much water behind they have to put great big taps in yeah they ' ve got them in the thames and everywhere haven ' t they? to take the water way yeah yeah yeah amazing yeah though and they they came
822. t budge no and so no and then there was one bit that goes under the docks where this was and they literally had to drain that section of the docks did they? so that they could put water proof the new tunnel in to extend it yeah and it ' s one of the big exos exhibition centres down there and so they after the boat show all the boats left they put they drained this section
823. boat show all the boats left they put they drained this section there ' s there ' s a special name for it and they had six months to do it in so that the next show that needed water could be used which was like a military show where wow army boats navy boats went up etcetera scary and they just did it on time and it was all because this bridge this arch was so strong
825. s a might maybe just wait a while anyway whatever i ' ve no idea what i don ' t know what you ' re talking about what ' s brown devil? it ' s it ' s water mm mm water water mm mm water raised to a temperature above negative fifty degrees talk to me in english just tell me straight what you ' re talking about what? alright chocolate ice cream thank you erm
826. maybe just wait a while anyway whatever i ' ve no idea what i don ' t know what you ' re talking about what ' s brown devil? it ' s it ' s water mm mm water water mm mm water raised to a temperature above negative fifty degrees talk to me in english just tell me straight what you ' re talking about what? alright chocolate ice cream thank you erm for everything with
827. just wait a while anyway whatever i ' ve no idea what i don ' t know what you ' re talking about what ' s brown devil? it ' s it ' s water mm mm water water mm mm water raised to a temperature above negative fifty degrees talk to me in english just tell me straight what you ' re talking about what? alright chocolate ice cream thank you erm for everything with it
828. while anyway whatever i ' ve no idea what i don ' t know what you ' re talking about what ' s brown devil? it ' s it ' s water mm mm water water mm mm water raised to a temperature above negative fifty degrees talk to me in english just tell me straight what you ' re talking about what? alright chocolate ice cream thank you erm for everything with it ' s not
830. wasn ' t being facetious yeah i thought he was asking me a question and i thought this is a bizarre question but then i ' m totally perplexed by people most of the time yeah water off a duck ' s back he goes it ' s it ' s it ' s so they can spy on you right it ' s so they can spy on your they ' ve embedded with these cameras
832. ' s a normal bus with normal people on it do you have to pay for it? no it ' s only free this year though erm and so i get into school and er pass the water? yes i go school come back from school make dinner go to the bar maybe go out hang on okay? go to school all day when do you have lunch? erm well mostly i have it
833. it ' s more beautiful than ' s not really very beautiful it ' s i don ' t think it ' s very beautiful ' s got amazing beaches yeah the beaches the beaches the beaches and the water round it the north side up on the north side the beaches there are absolutely amazing but the scenery is lacking is yeah it ' s flat as a pancake there ' s no trees? there ' s
834. shell the material is like solid the colour so if you scratch it it ' s still the same colour if you know what i mean? yeah well same as this one yeah and also the buttons are water water and dust proof ah huh very well if you open it and then you can find out hang on where ' s the battery here? ah and look it speaks french huh oh no it speaks everything and
835. the material is like solid the colour so if you scratch it it ' s still the same colour if you know what i mean? yeah well same as this one yeah and also the buttons are water water and dust proof ah huh very well if you open it and then you can find out hang on where ' s the battery here? ah and look it speaks french huh oh no it speaks everything and spanish
836. ' s right you ' d better get your so essentially would be the same person well i ' ll i ' ll have to find out er so the battery is smaller okay but i definitely think the water shortened the life of my battery yeah either that or or it wasn ' t a good a good model for battery life and this is the improved one well they ' re both three point seven volts this
837. of all places i don ' t like much i ' ve never been there actually that ' s where is gonna do his level three oh because of the er? artificial canoe? yeah and the white water centre yeah it ' s it ' s kind of like leeds without the culture oh okay and i don ' t think there ' s much culture in leeds personally it ' s er well there kinda is but
838. food or something like that i don ' t know it ' s got a swimming pool yeah the kids are happy mm a football pitch yeah said i ' ll take my bikini and i thought well the water will be very cold she can wear it in the shower yeah yeah of course it ' s like sorry we only have this shower which is in a glass box right in the centre of town i know i
841. a decent pair of work boots for working on a farm but most i ' ve seen seem quite suedey mm hm and i think i want a pair of leather boots that i can polish up and water protect you need like a yeah camping shop or a sports type shop yeah maybe i ' ll have a look in berlin actually walking boots leather of walking boots well i ' ve got leather walking boots but they
842. down there no no that ' s another thing it was impossible it was so intricate that it had to have been someone yeah they did they did think that maybe like there maybe there was like more high water level so it was washed through yeah oh i see but but it it they they thought it isn ' t really cos there ' s no recent erm geological evidence for that or anything? no no
844. if it ' s grey er then they all need to be the same colour so that can be red red red red blue blue blue blue green green green green some of them the ones that go over water need er multicolour cards so this one needs a multicolour plus another whatever card you want this one needs two multicolours this needs multicolour and any other card any other card okay
845. up oh have i? yeah don ' t you? no no but oh you picked up two didn ' t you? yeah oh okay there then you dad what ' s the rules going over the water? you need to have the you need the multicolour mmagic what? wherewherever it ' s got like you need a multicolour this little symbol it means so the actual you
846. minus eight one two three four five six seven woo shit i think you ' ve got it you ' d better get you ' ve got it get me this for christmas go on blow me out the water hang on no hang i think you ' ve got get him er this for christmas not finished yet we ' ve got another one amsterdam to venice did you do six plus yeah one two three four five six
847. don ' t know where i lost track of time i ' m normally but couldn ' t believe it when i looked up and it was twenty to six at the swimming park yeah that was weird the water park very time there yeah more cards there are there? oh yeah we need them toot toot ow did you record that conversation? mm i don ' t know how long that was recording blim
855. not sure yeah and actually i ' ll tell you what it means it ' s arabic whenever you get g u a mm like guadalajara or guadalupe or whatever yeah that ' s comes from the arabic for water guarda like bit like aqua yeah could be yeah so guano probably means because it ' s quite water based mm well ne apparently it ' s erm it the reason it ' s good is because
856. u a mm like guadalajara or guadalupe or whatever yeah that ' s comes from the arabic for water guarda like bit like aqua yeah could be yeah so guano probably means because it ' s quite water based mm well ne apparently it ' s erm it the reason it ' s good is because it ' s compacted and they actually mine it like they dig tunnels through it and mine it so you
857. ##s they ' re fat burgers i hope they ' re cooked it ' s not cold in here at all is it? it ' s underfloor heating yeah it ' s on constantly constant water constant underfloor heating no that ' s dad that ' s where am i sat? this one? those peanuts are can we start are those from? oh thank you oh what ' s the what
872. one knife i come back in i bet she ' s got some stories to tell and then like so you left your plate on the side this morning i ' m like yeah and i try and save water by building up plates and then washing them all in one go instead of like washing them after every meal good plan yeah well i do it as if i had a dishwasher cos you wouldn '
875. the boob a patch over each boob sorry stststaying extra safe nipple condoms have you seen the condom challenges? no oh it ' s is that the one where you fill it with water and then drop it on someone ' s head? yeah oh my god that ' s why we were going to buy them cos that ' s why we were going to buy them and we were like
876. it ' s funny that ' s really weird ah no it ' s so we it feels i ' ve done it it feels so weird cos it goes like it goes over your head but the water stays in it but then it ' s not touching you and it just feels really odd er like the little just dance because like you can ' t breathe cos it ' s like on your face but
877. but then it ' s not touching you and it just feels really odd er like the little just dance because like you can ' t breathe cos it ' s like on your face but then the water is like you feel like a bull frog and like and then it burst and ah oh no i don ' t want to do that yeah this song ' s been on twice now three times i mean has
878. home for seven i don ' t know if what? i could do that or not for seven? but i ' d have to be in at yeah it means i have to be out of the water er at half six use the frying pan to fry them off? yeah fry them off in the saucepan they ' re going in there everything ' s going in there oh okay what even the curry
881. s at work so no one ' ll go but there ' s students yeah so they really want a morning swim is six thirty oh right so even if i was there for six thirty and in the water seven fifteen would get me out i ' d be home for half seven i wouldn ' t have my hair dried by the time to get to work for eight can you not go straight to work? hair
882. adult lane twelve thirty to one fifty - five but you ' ve only got half an hour for lunch haven ' t you? yeah i ' d never get there and back get your toe in the water right run she ' s off yeah i got an e - mail about their um we can go aquafit on thursday thursday ' s mum we ' re taking my mum to the arts picturehouse oh
883. yes they sent me an e - mail with more fun swim cos at the easter time there ' s more fun swims obviously cos the kids are off which i thought was great then also water polo oh fun and i got really excited and then i found out it ' s for children i was about to say do they do they do that with the horses? but i guess that ' s quite
884. a rubber ring on? i only want to go if it ' s underwater ponies underwa that ' s the only way i ' ll go i think that ' s it ' s under fucking water ponies it ' s like a unicorn instead of a horn it ' s an air - hole it ' s got gills yep yep that ' s the only way do you think i ' ll have to
885. the swimming baths tomorrow morning that ' s what i ' m doing at work i ' m only interested if we can have underwater pony polo oh yeah i really wanted to go cos i really like water polo but um it ' s only for kids which i think you know that ' s discrimination people would do more see it is discrimination mm it ' s ageist it ' s er it ' s age
886. though can ' t do sun er thursday but maybe we could do sunday? yeah we could do sunday yeah so i ' m really right not impressed with the fact that i can ' t even play water polo oh huh i think you ' ll find that is discrimination and you know if they did that and trampoline and all the fun stuff yep people would be less fat cos they would wanna play
891. on in the loch ness and then it sank so that ' s what they have discovered but they have found so far sunken boats oh and there was a man that tried to do the fastest journey across water and then crashed i think he was killed erm and so they found the thing that he was using on there what was it? some sort of a jeep? i don ' t know what it was
892. it? some sort of a jeep? i don ' t know what it was cos it must have been very fast jet engine something a jeep? but they often no not a jeep on the water because it would sink wouldn ' t it? a jeep on wheels right cos jeeps don ' t have wheels normally? no i think they do but they were often trying to say about the loch
893. doo film we saw it in a scooby doo film was it? have you? it was a cartoon one that ' s the photograph of it of of them sseeing it in the water this is the probe the drone the machine i can ' t really i can ' t no it ' s not like a detailed image it ' s sort of just what they can see but i was just
894. impression i get is that it ' s much more child led so they do what they like they ' re not going from activity to activity as defined by the teachers you know if they want to do water play all morning they can if they want to play with wooden blocks all morning they can so it ' s very much just sort of pupil more child - led which i like about it oh brilliant cos
896. i don ' t actually use any washing up gloves but i think you would need them yes cos your hands aren ' t used to the hot water yeah but if i get erm them under water then the hot water might go un inside the gloves i ' ll definitely need washing up gloves erm sometimes that does happen yeah and then you can ' t or if you ' ve got something sharp that
897. actually use any washing up gloves but i think you would need them yes cos your hands aren ' t used to the hot water yeah but if i get erm them under water then the hot water might go un inside the gloves i ' ll definitely need washing up gloves erm sometimes that does happen yeah and then you can ' t or if you ' ve got something sharp that you ' re washing
898. er i think the frog would be very surprised and you would be and you would as well but it would be m f it would be nice and moist for him though hey yuck well frogs like water like in the twits the frog loved to jump about mrs twit ' s like that me feels like frog mm froggies froggy froggy froggy mm i think i think i just
904. drain over there if you chuck out a big pan cos i ' ll quickly fish out broccol the brockles fish out a big pan right yeah cos i ' m gonna save the water from the cabbage ah okay um cos all the vitamins go in it and then we ' ll we can make the gravy with it mm yess and then we can pretend like we '
907. i suppose that ' s it you don ' t wanna say you ' re in pain otherwise he ' ll beat you to within an inch of your life what are they doing? press - ups under water? um those funny ones you know you drop your bum how weird have you ever tried doing it? no is it really hard? yeah i can ' t do one you might be able to cos
908. are there a helicopter just hanging out there? in case any of them drown? maybe ambulance airlift ohh yeah she tried to tie her hair up out of her face and he pushed her in the water nice stop fannying on with your hair well fair enough why isn ' t her hair tied up? yeah i think it might ' ve been when she started mm master chief? he ' s a mean
909. bin wouldn ' t you cos you ' d be starving? yeah did you just see him do did they do s the medical thing yet? i don ' t think so they came out the water and they were so cold that they had a medical officer had to check every single one individually to make sure they weren ' t dead? make sure they weren ' t dying yeah jesus my? in the
910. ##bazz how do we make it stop? ah i don ' t like it you know when they used to have the adverts for the marines and they used to have them coming out the water and you couldn ' t see them and then you could see them and it was really scary like something out of a horror movie i didn ' t like it his hair you remind me off it definitely smells
911. by the goodness of the chicken mm i wasn ' t paying attention we never do when there ' s chicken involved when it ' s smelling that good oh maybe i don ' t want any of this water chick chick chick chick chicken mm how long do pies take? are the pies done yet? um soon i cleverly didn ' t look at the time when i put them in cos i
922. yeah and this is the big thing going on in third world countries now that er people like coca - cola are moving their plants to india where they have only a limited amount of water and the ground water now is polluted by what coca - cola does and the products that coca - cola make instead of being drunk but the local popopulation and passed through their bodies and put back in the ground it
923. a got awful letters again hello? hello yes are you here? okay okay i ' ll come and get you alright yes alright bye do you know where they are darling? they ' re by the water water water
924. got awful letters again hello? hello yes are you here? okay okay i ' ll come and get you alright yes alright bye do you know where they are darling? they ' re by the water water water
926. a still wet a soggy wetsuit cold wetsuit and she ' s gonna scream so much she ' s gonna scream so much we need to get when we have to put our feet in the water away from her at all times so we don ' t get deafened by her scream yeah oh unbelievable i think she ' s just doing it to prove see that she ' s sporty so she can
927. house remember to put it in the box or two pints at that house put a slate on top yeah if you got it wrong the old dear would come out would put the next one in the water god yeah she coming out flying with a cloth over last week you and then yeah when they delivered first thing in the morning and people went out to work and that used to freeze there used to be a
930. there and then one there and when they first put it up they ' d obviously put that end too low yeah you know cos you could see like the tiles and if you got a lot of water that ' d overshoot you know what i mean? that ' s right yeah and it wasn ' t and and he said oh i ' ll fix that and then he fixed it so it had gone
931. that and then he fixed it so it had gone up but what he ' d done he ' d just lay rose that end so you haven ' t gotta ah i see yeah you know so the water holds in the gutter so any bits of m that ' ll stay there mud and that and and grass grows and er you know it all yeah yeah before you know you got a wildlife garden up there
933. again you don ' t want to be looked at while it no you don ' t because no you don ' t know it ' s true you you want only i think i might just make smart water signs and put them up around the place that might deter people but yeah but the thing is just to be just someone to be there yeah did you see that that there was er the little clip i don
934. your wall and across the ceiling and down the other side and your house is literally falling apart mm because next door yeah i suppose there does yeah they dug these great big trenches yeah yeah and and the water was getting in and they weren ' t doing anything about it mm they had damp growing up the walls it mm oh god that was awful oh dear i don ' t know how are you still paying for
936. on the inside yeah i mean the bathroom needs gutting they ' ve used the wrong kind of paint on the ceiling and it ' s all flaking mm they ' ve obviously used like a non water resistant one yeah erm and it ' s i mean the cleaner that comes once a week i don ' t know what she does i think she puts a bit of bleach in the toilet i
937. systems you know all the plumbing and the waste from the house erm rather than go into the the main sewerage system erm they they built a series of reed beds which filter and cleans water it ' s a completely natural way of mm sewers mm i mean and there was a big programme about all of that and he grows all his own stuff and you know it ' s all very green
940. in two years now obviously i ' m going to have to be careful with the new one and i ' ll water that regularly mm yeah yeah but i mean every summer i ' ve been able to water it as much as i liked yeah and the roses don ' t like being very dry they can tolerate a certain amount it ' s difficult isn ' t it because they ' re they ' re the ones
942. need emptying at some point that ' s such an amazing colour though it ' s a good colour maybe that ' s what they used in the olden days maybe they like even in the hot water it ' s a cool colour yeah it ' s kind of like it ' s not purple but it ' s not blue it ' s like it ' s like uv yeah it ' s cool you wouldn
944. yeah was it in the dishwasher? yeah dishwasher is really weird it keeps leaving stuff and it ' s like i know like dry residue or i think it ' s cos the water ' s so hard yeah horrible the water here is grim it ' s horrible erm yeah so we ' re going to go to the beach and stuff that ' s cool get them buy them some like
945. ? yeah dishwasher is really weird it keeps leaving stuff and it ' s like i know like dry residue or i think it ' s cos the water ' s so hard yeah horrible the water here is grim it ' s horrible erm yeah so we ' re going to go to the beach and stuff that ' s cool get them buy them some like wet suits and just let them go go
947. elaborate yeah but er it can ' t be that complicated i mean there ' s no reason no it can ' t be why they should stick together unless you ' ve got too many in maybe the water ' s not hot enough or something or i don ' t know there must be i mean are you not rinsing a way them in rinsing? do you rinse pasta? some pe
950. be a reserved occupation yes but they ' d had a and they there was an order and it was er it was the direction of labour order mm and these four from leeds was directed to east yorkshire water services at hull mm to work there because the the transport was more important yeah transport getting people to the factories and to work and to brough and all that business you see and er they came and er
951. is er watercress mm oh yeah and spinach now who would think watercress? mm but it said by all means cultivated watercress not picked out of the streams no because that water might not be by now will be polluted mm it ' ll have because er you could say sixty - five seventy percent of the complaints of people are waterborne mm you know from the water yeah somewhere
952. that water might not be by now will be polluted mm it ' ll have because er you could say sixty - five seventy percent of the complaints of people are waterborne mm you know from the water yeah somewhere along the line it might even just be swimming baths yeah you know stuff like that horrible er so supposed to be so healthy mm and so innocent and yet you come out and you ' ve got
956. think you can dig dig a massive well get somebody to come around and dig a massive well and live off your water and i was saying no you can ' t because the water board still owns any water that runs under the ground mm no you can ' t do that well they say they will if if they know you ' ve dug a well they will put a claim to it exactly and they say they
959. a house they ' re going to well that ' s very well very well saying that no it ' s very well saying that but as soon as you if you get some sort of community developed the water board would be right on your back no it won ' t work yeah the water board even if you ' ve only got one house the water board will be why why aren ' t you buying water from
961. as you if you get some sort of community developed the water board would be right on your back no it won ' t work yeah the water board even if you ' ve only got one house the water board will be why why aren ' t you buying water from us? there ' s no well in your area and then they ' ll just come around and they ' ll see that you ' ve dug
966. it ' s not kinda like well i ' ve had a handful my first my second my present anyway well it doesn ' t matter does it? we ' ll talk about something it ' s all water under the bridge now for god ' s sake oh yeah we go out in life not aiming to make any mistakes at all we bring up our children and thinking they ' re gonna eat cheese and apple and
967. that one? so you could go and watch yeah you could go and watch it in jamaican creole english and it would be like the whole thing would be oh what man yeah i just gonna walk on water get peter over here yeah there ' s a programme here see there ' s a ch not the here yeah here here yeah there ' s a children ' s programme called rastamouse yeah i know i
972. know very rare i have a bath oh no i do still no i can stand in the shower forever oh really? oh yeah i can stand in the shower forever isn ' t that weird the hot water isn ' t that weir mm have you been working today? no no not today no oh no what have you been up to today then? i ' ve been to lunch duty oh have you? haven
974. ' s par? last week last thursday the amount of teachers nearly said something to one of them he sai i said you can ' t speak he said i nearly said what are they putting in the water? they were either g about to go off on maternity leave or had just come back from maternity leave probably four of them so there ' s and the science teacher was new and wouldn ' t even give
975. s triffid paradise this triffid para i said to him with it and it ' s freezing still i said it ' s ridi he ' s coming home today i was meant to water these oh water them quick i promised him i would oh my god he ' ll know cos it ' ll be sitting on the surface get it in quick he ' ll know you haven ' t done
990. i mean yeah yeah oh when you say back home you mean? yeah mm i prefer the water it ' s a completely different flavour in to here mm but i much prefer the water in to the water here you ' ve got lots of chalk so it ' s quite soft yeah i think it really makes a difference mm i don ' t know if it ' s i wouldn ' t say our water '
991. water here you ' ve got lots of chalk so it ' s quite soft yeah i think it really makes a difference mm i don ' t know if it ' s i wouldn ' t say our water ' s soft i think it ' s quite hard water chalky ' s quite soft isn ' t it? i thought it doesn ' t like do you remember like in all those foam bubbles? i
992. ' s quite soft yeah i think it really makes a difference mm i don ' t know if it ' s i wouldn ' t say our water ' s soft i think it ' s quite hard water chalky ' s quite soft isn ' t it? i thought it doesn ' t like do you remember like in all those foam bubbles? i think that ' s soft water er well i don '
993. ' s quite hard water chalky ' s quite soft isn ' t it? i thought it doesn ' t like do you remember like in all those foam bubbles? i think that ' s soft water er well i don ' t know because in the kettles and the sshowers get furred up all the time limescale that ' s hard water so that ' s hard water ah and
996. ##ers get furred up all the time limescale that ' s hard water so that ' s hard water ah and round my way we get loads of limescale and that ' s hard water yeah so that ours must be quite soft cos i never have to de - fur the kettle ever no no no yet i was al but the water it ' s ah maybe then chalk is soft i
997. of limescale and that ' s hard water yeah so that ours must be quite soft cos i never have to de - fur the kettle ever no no no yet i was al but the water it ' s ah maybe then chalk is soft i ' m pretty sure yeah it ' s nice yeah the our our water it tastes different too i prefer the taste of hard but i grew up with hard
1003. you was no i couldn ' t find it let ' s have a look in here what we got ' s dad did leave us with when comes to mine though she always comments on how nice the water? much nicer the water tastes than it does in yeah i think so i think it it hasn ' t got the same i really don ' t which was round is it as well? like sham
1004. t find it let ' s have a look in here what we got ' s dad did leave us with when comes to mine though she always comments on how nice the water? much nicer the water tastes than it does in yeah i think so i think it it hasn ' t got the same i really don ' t which was round is it as well? like shampoo foams up better in
1005. so i think it it hasn ' t got the same i really don ' t which was round is it as well? like shampoo foams up better in one of them i feel like soft water yeah soft soft water you get more lather like soap and shampoo oh really? yeah mm but round where i ' m from it doesn ' t ah does it here? yeah it seems fine although
1006. it hasn ' t got the same i really don ' t which was round is it as well? like shampoo foams up better in one of them i feel like soft water yeah soft soft water you get more lather like soap and shampoo oh really? yeah mm but round where i ' m from it doesn ' t ah does it here? yeah it seems fine although this isn ' t
1008. recently no oh that was back when i was a kid oh right i put the kettle in the do you remember i put the kettle in the fridge? cos er we had a wwe had the water filter in korea so instead of putting the filter back in the fridge fridge er put the kettle why ' s the kettle in the fridge? and came the last time they were over our flat was saying oh
1009. yeah no when you got you don ' t know got it maybe ain ' t received the mail mate we still don ' t know what ' s happening we phoned up the wa was it the water company we phoned up? oh god they do my head in the only regi the only thing they had registered for this this house was the house they said we haven ' t got you registered as
1010. quite a few bits of post and i ' ve picked up post from the post office from my address i don ' t see why i should have to go to the post office to sort out my water this just seems ridiculous and in the end she was like she ' s gonna make up the address and they ' ll contact me that was two or three weeks ago and i haven ' t had any contact
1011. and in the end she was like she ' s gonna make up the address and they ' ll contact me that was two or three weeks ago and i haven ' t had any contact anything but southern water the guy that lives next door yeah he had something come through from them addressed to flat four so it ' s crap so they do have it they must have it registered somewhere they ' re not gonna fine
1012. well er the agency gave us a piece of paper with the numbers that we had to call to sort out our stuff no just gave all these numbers on a they don ' t care and the southern water was on there don ' t think they do know what about the woman upstairs? yeah i haven ' t asked her mm we never really see her do we? mm we ' ve seen her once we
1013. ' ve got lots of equipment on there like magnifying glass what else have you got on there? erm i ' ve got a magnifying glass a gun erm which is a water pistol oh i gave you that thing erm a megaphone two oh a screwdriver an axe a screwdriver erm let speak for herself this whatever it is it ' s a screwdrive
1028. for this type of property are you are you water metered here? are you in a water meter? is that where you like i don ' t know put a card in and no no the water is metered as you use the out there i mean i guess we might be er there are so many meters out there i ' ll have to show you a couple of them on the way downstairs that
1029. ' ll have to show you a couple of them on the way downstairs that i just don ' t know yeah there ' s like twelve different it ' s like it ' s in the ground the water meter oh is it? oh so twelve different meters because how would they know we ' re in four different flats five flats so you must have a meter each yeah there are a lot so how do they
1032. they they were meant to send me out something but i haven ' t received them yet i ' m sure when they want our money they ' ll contact us don ' t the agency know where your water thing is then? no they don ' t seem to do anything really no they ' re not very useful for things like that we phoned up they gave us a telephone number they said here ' s
1034. did the inventory for this flat and then we had that external company come and measure up everything mm they had taken pictures of our meter but only the electricity and logged it but only the electricity not the water they didn ' t take a picture of any any other meter well what confused us is there were four pictures for our electricity and we were like why we don ' t have four meters do we? but
1039. that ' s more than a month so you ' d literally die maybe he was being he was feeding on the word of god but the word of god would have to be made out of lush lush water i don ' t know whether you feel that you you don ' t believe but that you you ' re not you don ' t you ' re not sure so you don ' t believe but you '
1040. around came back again it ' s funny was saying about in zambia cos i suppose again there you pay for education worth in africa because it ' s yeah you pay for everything you pay for everything water right yeah like at the even if they now yeah yeah and so so you then have cos she said she went to a school once and the teacher was laying down at the front of the class yeah
1054. wanna use your stuff yeah but they don ' t wanna pay you any money towards it no and you ' re looking at at least fifty fifty for that yeah oh yeah cos electelectricity water yeah well exactly stock yeah costs a fortune yeah but they d only wanna give you something like twenty percent mm no this is it i don ' t think so no no oh er but i ' ll just
1055. ' m doing alright i ' ve got a bit of er but middle age i bet that ' ll go middle age spread after your operation yeah it ' s gonna you ' re gonna be holding more water aren ' t you as well? yeah i would imagine yeah and actually er how much does your your womb er fallopian tubes and everything else yeah and ovaries weigh? exactly oh i never
1059. up to the door and loads of people were like looking up at the sky and pointing and there was this massive heron like a heron like heron like you know fr from um getting sort of bits of water fowl d ' you remember from um animals of farthing wood it used to go they ' re li they ' re like a stalk aren ' t they? yeah well maybe it was a stalk
1060. ' t there? so i don ' t know so there was like it must ' ve yeah there ' s a lot of sort of like species and like loads of trees loads of yeah plants and water birds and things going around here but i it must ' ve literally been that big like um they ' re pretty big um but we ' ve got like a like carp and stuff in them sorts of birds
1064. the tops no the was very low that was nowhere near mm no i was surprised how low it was really to be i ' m not just saying that mm? but i was surprised how low the water was mm cos we have had a lot of rain but it it goes up and down quite quickly nowadays like the river it ' s er it doesn ' t stop up like it used to do it
1066. it ' s eroeroding the coastline if if they let the floods flood plains flood it takes the pressure off the coastlines it ' s the only way you can get release the amount of water coming up tidal water so let it go into the flflood plains rather than try and defend it mm well they ' re just letting some they ' re letting some of those coastlines go coastlines
1067. ##oeroding the coastline if if they let the floods flood plains flood it takes the pressure off the coastlines it ' s the only way you can get release the amount of water coming up tidal water so let it go into the flflood plains rather than try and defend it mm well they ' re just letting some they ' re letting some of those coastlines go coastlines go yeah the lower
1068. old er remnants of old boats there didn ' t they? mm when they started quarrying it yeah and then there ' s all there ' s all the er that would be a mass amount of water when you think of erm coming up right through the levels with the yeah river right up to yeah that ' s all very flat that ' d go and gravel that ' d be all flood plains that
1069. inland it goes it ' s quite a goes quite a way yeah it could well the falls those falls that you we go and see sometimes the waterfalls that ' s the river that ' s not the water b oh you mean the erm? mm s where the salmon jump yeah the salmon jump yeah has rod on there hasn ' t he? it ' s the isn ' t it? the river?
1070. the river? i don ' t know is it? think so but yeah all the way up to all all the way up to there ' s very little there ' d be very little stopping the water from right through up the to would there? no at one time there might ' ve been parparcels of dry land yeah yeah just parcels it ' d be a big area of water ww
1071. the water from right through up the to would there? no at one time there might ' ve been parparcels of dry land yeah yeah just parcels it ' d be a big area of water wwhen you think about all it would it would the all this side of and way up to yeah it would soon flood wouldn ' t need big areas of water it wouldn ' t need much would
1073. crawl the car back home and i went round every way i could think of i do i can ' t remember how i actually got back home cos everywhere was flooded the whole lot the w the water was racing you probably got towed in towed in? no i didn ' t i finally managed to get home didn ' t i? your car conked you oh was i? oh jammed it all up
1074. you probably got towed in towed in? no i didn ' t i finally managed to get home didn ' t i? your car conked you oh was i? oh jammed it all up blew water oh yeah like a lot of stupid people do they go in through it too fast ah i followed your instructions and they didn ' t work no you don ' t i don ' t think most people i
1075. don ' t think it happened in the bmw no it was the vauxhall bang bang bang bang bang yeah it just it just up and all the cam shaft ' s gone yeah yeah where the water got in all the bottom half of the engine had to be replaced water water won ' t er condense it er just locks your engine solid mm yeah and people people think they can go through well it
1076. ##uxhall bang bang bang bang bang yeah it just it just up and all the cam shaft ' s gone yeah yeah where the water got in all the bottom half of the engine had to be replaced water water won ' t er condense it er just locks your engine solid mm yeah and people people think they can go through well it won ' t bother me i can go thr it ' s not
1077. ##hall bang bang bang bang bang yeah it just it just up and all the cam shaft ' s gone yeah yeah where the water got in all the bottom half of the engine had to be replaced water water won ' t er condense it er just locks your engine solid mm yeah and people people think they can go through well it won ' t bother me i can go thr it ' s not gonna
1078. that ' s what mm said just go slow and steady it doesn ' t matter how i actually if it ' s you ' ll be fine if your air if your air intake mm is at the water level it doesn ' t matter how slow you go and how much you rev it you ' re gonna get water into your en er your intake yeah and that would that ' s exact i went s that
1079. s you ' ll be fine if your air if your air intake mm is at the water level it doesn ' t matter how slow you go and how much you rev it you ' re gonna get water into your en er your intake yeah and that would that ' s exact i went s that ' ll blow your engine i went slow i revved it steady i don ' t think it was that low
1080. however mm i er won ' t be er i ' ll never be convinced yeah i followed your instructions to the t mm that ' s the problem people don ' t generally go slow enough through the water i ' d been through that flood loads of times and i ' d always got out the other side what? so what did you do differently then? the water i didn ' t do anything differently it
1081. t generally go slow enough through the water i ' d been through that flood loads of times and i ' d always got out the other side what? so what did you do differently then? the water i didn ' t do anything differently it was the water that was deeper that was the problem oh you said you ' d been through it many a time like that i ' d been through s i '
1082. been through that flood loads of times and i ' d always got out the other side what? so what did you do differently then? the water i didn ' t do anything differently it was the water that was deeper that was the problem oh you said you ' d been through it many a time like that i ' d been through s i ' d gone through slow and steady so obviously that time you
1083. i should ' ve noted that and thought he ' s stopped for a reason oh there ' s some reason for this there ' s some reason for it but i didn ' t could it be the water? i thought no i ' ll follow ' s instructions go slow and steady he obviously hasn ' t gone slow and steady has not gone slowly and he ' s not revved enough and that ' s
1084. s not revved enough and that ' s why he ' s had a problem i ' ll follow the instructions and i ' ll be fine no but surely if you rev you ' ll suck the water in? no er no it ' s it ' s to stop any water going up your exhaust pipe yeah y if it ' s blowing it out it can ' t go up can it? believe you
1085. problem i ' ll follow the instructions and i ' ll be fine no but surely if you rev you ' ll suck the water in? no er no it ' s it ' s to stop any water going up your exhaust pipe yeah y if it ' s blowing it out it can ' t go up can it? believe you me i was revving like hell oh yeah revving like hell if it
1090. you a lot of times i know and it wasn ' t a lot of money come on look at the part of the world i know you did we ' re in where i know yeah you know water ' s dirt cheap exactly that ' s exactly i didn ' t mind if well that ' s exactly right i i paid half yeah i didn ' t mind and i would ' ve felt more comfortable i
1092. should give the obstacle course a go one day mm when i ' m like older is open for children in september what ' s that? mm it ' s an obstacle course with lots of mud and water slides and i was gonna do it last year but you were poorly that night do you remember? oh yeah i rea and i really want to do it this year i really follow and it like it
1096. ' s getting worse and worse and worse more people more allergies and stuff i mean they reckon blooming globally reducing the blooming male sperm count because of the amount of oestrogen in water because so many women are taking the pill and it obviously get puts back into the into the water supply mm oh my god blimey it ' s funny that ' s alright women will always rule the
1097. reckon blooming globally reducing the blooming male sperm count because of the amount of oestrogen in water because so many women are taking the pill and it obviously get puts back into the into the water supply mm oh my god blimey it ' s funny that ' s alright women will always rule the world yeah that ' s one way of doing it putting some hormones in the system cos there
1099. for three months cover and three months l maternity it ' s quite nice you can go for a long coffee break long lunch but it ' s pretty busy at the moment try to keep my head above water with the new job pretend like i know what i ' m doing say words and hope that they ' re the right ones say yes in all in the meeting and then go back to your desk and cry
1104. for cleaning the fish out so i ' ll just get it and and spray water and spray water and ' s done it as well that ' s right yeah this and sometimes you hit the the little water thing and it splatters back and it ' s just the whole window ' s getting covered in all this this water i ' ve just i ' ve just done these sides this morning so yes no
1105. as well that ' s right yeah this and sometimes you hit the the little water thing and it splatters back and it ' s just the whole window ' s getting covered in all this this water i ' ve just i ' ve just done these sides this morning so yes no brilliant do they go in that letterbox? erm they ha we haven ' t we ' ve had they ' ve
1108. that ' s like in the morning they had the geese on there at norfolk mm oh yeah martens yeah something it ' s called and there was thousands of them mm just sitting there yeah in the water yeah like a l er like the la well just like a big lake really yeah and i was waiting for them to yeah to go fly off yeah e normally they ' re gone by now but cos
1109. ' s a litre weigh? they are heavy bags you know they are a litre is because we moved them together didn ' t we under the but a litre is just bulk isn ' t it? water it ' s supposed to be like kilogram they ' re heavy aren ' t they? yeah they are heavy yeah that seems odd because there are plenty of men working there well when i went to half
1110. shoot me? so he was a bit harsh yeah i know so it was a bit sketchy in places there was a lot of military presence a lot of police presence really? we went to a water park in el salvador and it was just full of military like real was it really? yeah like in the park yeah in you ' re in a water park and there ' s people with big mach machine
1111. of police presence really? we went to a water park in el salvador and it was just full of military like real was it really? yeah like in the park yeah in you ' re in a water park and there ' s people with big mach machine guns and stuff yeah that ' s mental it ' s a bit sketchy you ' ll you would i recommend to you to go to south american central
1112. said come here like scary stuff yeah bypass fifteen years ago now i ' ve had that since then since he took that main out on my leg mm he said that ' s because you ' ve got water on that as well and it builds up and the blisters come and they burst so i suppose your footballing days are definitely over and he said i could drowned from the inside if i didn '
1114. geography as well and they come up with and and human geography and all that kind of thing so w do we have to destroy houses to build a road? move people move people go wreck communities change water r erm regimes rivers all that kind of stuff so erm okay and then that ' s specifically related to my particular role in engineering which was highways yeah well i mean even if it wasn ' t
1117. my g oh i feel sick looking at it where is it? it ' s like climbing up the chair there where? let me zap that no dad you ' re not gonna get it with water just leave it be zap it? it ' s ping in my face yeah it ' s gonna fly away and go whose go is it now? i ' ll go can we swap seats? no
1129. ' t wanna get in trouble so they would leave it in the ocean and like row back and forth they didn ' t really know like they had to say forforgot they had to get water and you know yeah that ' s the kind of thing that you know everybody ' s got one or two stories like that at some point well i think i ' d better start okay well i ' m
1130. stories like that at some point well i think i ' d better start okay well i ' m i can feel my afternoon nap coming on thank you for doing the chair that ' s alright erm water the garden so how long are you here for now? erm go back to straight from italy so till till about the thirteenth of april i think oh quite a quite a long time okay well maybe we
1131. s so much no it ' s gotta be something that you don ' t like the texture of or the flavour of there must be something you don ' t like i ' m trying to think oh water chestnuts ah i like a water chestnut i like those i don ' t like those those those are the sort of beige things aren ' t they that come in chinese food and spoil it beige? yeah
1132. gotta be something that you don ' t like the texture of or the flavour of there must be something you don ' t like i ' m trying to think oh water chestnuts ah i like a water chestnut i like those i don ' t like those those those are the sort of beige things aren ' t they that come in chinese food and spoil it beige? yeah maybe that ' s what you don
1133. aren ' t they? yeah right the things not the not the bamboo shoot? both of them no bamboo shoot is a bamboo shoot bamboo shoots bamboo shoots are is it a different thing? than a water chestnut? yeah i thought they were supposed to be the same thing just some of them were more horrible than others in that case i really don ' t like bamboo shoots and i ' m not keen on
1134. ? yeah i thought they were supposed to be the same thing just some of them were more horrible than others in that case i really don ' t like bamboo shoots and i ' m not keen on water chestnuts not a fan of chinese food then? no no i like chinese food just not with that stuff in it you know when you get like the the chicken in in the batter or like in in
1135. with cottage cheese yeah it is tell james martin that in the television program quite specific i ' m trying to think of i ' m trying to think of something else i don ' t like other than water chestnuts it ' s quite difficult you don ' t like waiting for food you it has to be early as possible instant i mean i don ' t like instant food but i like good food to be
1138. they say do you want it to go airmail which they always ask you we ' re talking the netherlands here so do i? i mean uk or ireland well of course because there ' s some water in the way and a boat might take a long time mm hm so yes put it in a plane if the plane ' s going that way anyway but the netherlands? i don ' t know there '
1139. luton probably mm mm hm erm yeah see it ' s all sorted nearly it ' s working out anyway good for you good for you so whereas i am kind of not not you know treading water or waiting for june but at the same time that ' s kind of what i ' m doing i don ' t know i ' m kind of doing that for april though when the weather is good and
1144. limescaley but in well actually i suppose in terms of you know quality of drinking water it ' s not like in northern ireland it was pretty much o run off the mountains mm hm and the water you could taste the quality it was beautiful it didn ' t have fluoride or chlorine or loads of chemical shit pumped through it like you get in england erm cambridge because there are absolutely
1146. erm mm hm every glass of water you drink has already been pissed seven times mm hm so and it ' s full of chemicals it ' s full of fluoride it ' s really shit water yeah it ' s the same where i live you can just taste metal you can taste yeah but haven ' t you ' ve got hills up your way? yeah we have you ' ve got loads of
1154. hm mm hm a bottle? it just seems completely nonsensical yeah and i buy water for the bottle no but they need to probably get a better system yeah part of my degree was on water and they talk about it being liquid gold and the new oil mm hm because i imagine free energy will be available and oil will be redundant in the coming decade or perhaps two erm but water is gonna
1155. on water and they talk about it being liquid gold and the new oil mm hm because i imagine free energy will be available and oil will be redundant in the coming decade or perhaps two erm but water is gonna be the resource already wars over water erm mm hm erm and still wars over oil but those will be coming to a close but yeah wars over water that ' s erm hopefully gonna
1156. gold and the new oil mm hm because i imagine free energy will be available and oil will be redundant in the coming decade or perhaps two erm but water is gonna be the resource already wars over water erm mm hm erm and still wars over oil but those will be coming to a close but yeah wars over water that ' s erm hopefully gonna get knocked on the head i mean again as
1157. or perhaps two erm but water is gonna be the resource already wars over water erm mm hm erm and still wars over oil but those will be coming to a close but yeah wars over water that ' s erm hopefully gonna get knocked on the head i mean again as technology has developed and free energy should allow for free desalination so everybody should be able to access free water mm hm
1165. so how much were your bargain buy shoes? my bargain buy eh twenty - five eh great british pounds em i don ' t know whether they ' ll be water resistant but you know what it doesn ' t matter they eh they do the job and they ' ll they ' ll be fine for work for as long as they last they ' ve lovely you look i
1166. because when the climbing boys come back they might want to use it bon appetit abso - blinking - lutely so what ' s in this? there is em okay i boiled the water yeah then put potatoes carrots parsnips onion sweet potato and something else celery wow mm and now there ' s chickpeas in there i was going to say and then yeah then
1170. ##bury ' s all like those mm going down well i saw some photos of mm yeah all the shops near like the pharmacy you know around that corner that was all like a f in a foot of water as well it ' s ridiculous i still haven ' t got over the fact that the flooded like when you think how high i know cos there ' s like the banks are yeah you stand there and
1173. london ' s burning on the recorder oh yeah and then how to sing it in a round yes yes yeah yeah how to sing anything in a round screaming fire fire fire fire pour on water pour on water the king of the road song oh i used that for my media king of the road but probably not the actual sentiment behind it what animals the different instruments represent in peter and the wolf no no we yeah
1175. i never cart my phone about i said cor you could have she said but i struggled and struggled and struggled and finally my foot came out and i fell right into the ditch then and there was water in the bottom and she managed to crawl out had to go to the quacks about her leg dear now that ' s not a that ' s not good that ain ' t good what a thing
1176. ' s this wednesday isn ' t it? oh while we ' re on it and said they ' d come and do you know for the day they went we ' re not there they ' ll water our yeah cos we were planning on coming on coming back for sunday that ' s alright cos i can feed the cat on the on the saturday when i go it ' s not a problem so
1177. you let that that get in the way but school was difficult at that point in time if you consider what what has happened in the last six years yeah well you ' ve gone through hell and high water you have since since two thousand and five out of the frying pan in to the fire as they say you know it ' s it ' s it hasn ' t been the easiest of no no it
1181. ' s completely in the shade i ' ve brought it have you? is it here? i think so yeah it ' s a peter kay line that though i wish that woman would fucking remember our water we ' ve asked her twice you know er peter kay ' s line when he s whenever people complained about the heat? go on i know you know oh knows it don ' t matter go on tell
1200. well we don ' t need to this really there is no need but we do it because he wants us to do it if it ' s sewage it doesn ' t matter and if it ' s water it ' s gotta be blasted anyway mm at high at high pressure oh does anybody want anything from the shop? no thanks i th no thank you you sure? no no i don ' t i don
1203. almost if you look at the rafters there ' s a lot of space you know in houses like everyone ' s got that space for nothing yeah and that could grow mushrooms say oh right yeah or water where you know the japanese have much more intensively done aquaculture oh and grown mussels and oysters oh on just little rafts okay floating on the sea but the turnover is phenomenal like
1204. turbines yeah but a tidal of so a whole fleet of thirty underwater wind turbines basically mm and there are so many factors in what in what essentially is a profitable one it would be the speed of the water the interaction on one to another yeah local effects even the length of cabling that you need so m it ' s such a yeah complex thing and and they all interact with each other so it was a
1205. turbine the x on my coordinates and that ' s all you needed mm so so the software generation number one just created a whole load of random coordinates and just stuck a load of random turbines in the water oh then it would measure its fitness essentially through the mass that is what you can code is you know like cost of keeping it and all that kind of stuff yeah and and it sorry its the first population
1208. yeah it was on that ben fogle ' s programme last weekend ssome oh did he have one? this guy on a yacht had an inflatable kayak and there were sharks in the water it looked really scary but yeah didn ' t seem like the best choice of kayak but anyway no it looked cool i was like yeah that ' s really practical it ' s and really cos it
1209. with a bottle of cider yeah oh yeah yeah i like kayaking actually mm i do that in a bit oh yeah we just hire them on the sea? it ' s so it is salt water yeah but it there ' s no waves is it calm? it ' s like oh that ' s nice completely protected and there ' s loads of birds oh that ' s really nice flamingos you can
1210. you rowing? i ' ve starting rowing yes fantastic yes over - fifties how nice is that? that must be lovely i i did do it to do well i i only was er out on the water for about yeah five minutes have you ever done it before? no no no i ' ve done kayaking a little bit of kayaking and canoeing it ' s completely different yeah completely anyway i i
1211. in but i ' m gonna get out he said you can ' t not get back in well it ' s higher you ' ve got to go all the way back you ' re very on the water as well aren ' t you? yeah it ' s quite it ' s not like canoeing yeah canoeing is dead easy and we were in separate kayaks yeah yeah yeah oh yeah we weren '
1212. hand yeah to it was so funny but that ' s interesting isn ' t it? yeah it just goes to show it ' s actually it goes to show yeah quite difficult yeah to move in the water i wanted to learn a new skill yeah learn a new skill yeah any new skill yeah you know when you you know how to ride a bike or yeah you know how to do something yes you it takes
1213. i went in wellingtons cos it was really really throwing it down yeah yeah she said no no wellingtons are a big no no cos if you go over they just fill up in the water with water and they pull you down yeah or you lose them or whatever yeah so i had this these a pair of very very old shoes that i used to go dancing in yeah so i thought yeah i
1214. in wellingtons cos it was really really throwing it down yeah yeah she said no no wellingtons are a big no no cos if you go over they just fill up in the water with water and they pull you down yeah or you lose them or whatever yeah so i had this these a pair of very very old shoes that i used to go dancing in yeah so i thought yeah i ' ll
1215. ##list that we did she said oh well i think we can check everything off oh right she was ticking everything off at the end of the day and jolly i thought i ' ve only been on the water for five minutes and they ' ve already checked oh you ' ve done this this and this hardly yeah yeah and that and that no and she ' s planning to be able to take me she ' ll
1216. will just go over mm so mm i ' ve been practicing on the bike going like this mm probably see something out of the corner of your eye mm so if it ' s just me on the water i ' m fine mm but all the other people the others well i ' ve got to avoid mm mm well you ' re right because i mean the river isn ' t really that wide is it?
1229. pipes out mm but they don ' t warn anybody they don ' t say it just goes off yeah oh they don ' t say right next tuesday at four o ' clock we ' re putting the water off for six hours or something like that mm erm they just go to get water and there isn ' t any or they go to get electricity and there isn ' t any yeah erm yeah just
1231. it ' s like a giant sea snake it ' s like a dinosaur it ' s like a ptera no not a pterodactyl what ' s the one ones that go in the water? can ' t remember now mamphibians? diplodocus? sorry? like diplodocus no but it looks sort of slightly like a diplodocus but the reason why
1232. came in the s where the steps was? yeah yeah that was deeper? that was was it? yeah yeah it was deeper i found it out oh because i was like i was like it the water was about to up er maybe here on there and then it ended up being up to to your chest hang on a moment don ' t whisper hang on wait for and then it ended up to being about
1238. but it stung me three times when it got me cos they it stung me the first time and it was like an electric shock and then it spun me i swear it spun me round in the water with like a jolt oh was this with us? no this was with oh okay you know when we were like hitchhiking around? yeah yeah erm and then it got me again on my leg
1239. again on my leg and on my side oh my god as i was like swimming off so it got me like three times so i kinda like went numb as i was trying to swim out of the water you were lucky on that holiday weren ' t you? oh yeah that was funny i know how did we find them? i have no idea it still every time i drive up that road it still ama
1243. but i don ' t even miss it having not not having a microwave erm so a microwave yeah it ' s to do with the er frequency and i think it ' s to do with the water molecules vibrating or something mm i don ' t know erm and there ' s some stuff you can ' t put in isn ' t there like you can ' t put metal in yeah like when you
1246. respectable isn ' t it? mm mm it ' s what the respectable french people do healthy cholesterol french people and the eyeties mm yeah it ' s always the difficulty yeah they have to water it down as well the french excuse me so it ' s austerity is it? no austerity is never the way to just have healthy habits don ' t you? cycle as well you
1247. go in and i just kept thinking oh just another tower and er i opened it and it was all like there was like a pool it just doesn ' t wash properly yeah there was a pool of water and you were just pulling it out it was like the towels felt like stones yeah and they just don ' t wash properly cos they don ' t have room to sort of move i know i had
1248. s producing that much i know and he spat it out i said oh no not having that now too watery don ' t want that oh i know it ' s like i was laughing wa it like water but they ' ve got this they ' ve got this fancy bottle making thing mm has she told you about it? she did tell me yeah i said my how technology moves on i know cos they
1249. ##s she was producing that much milk anyway mm apparently he ' s spitting it out now spitting it out now the breast milk i can ' t say i blame him it ' s like it is like water it ' s watery yeah very watery so anyway he was very happy though bless him so will she stop now do you think? i don ' t know she cos i didn ' t actually see she
1250. cos of the insurance they wouldn ' t is in holland today and yesterday what ' s he doing in holland? in holland that man why ' s he gone there? he ' s looking at water parks they ' re going with his boss oh they ' re having one in they ' re going to put in a water park in yeah he was saying that mm mm so that ' s where he is
1251. holland that man why ' s he gone there? he ' s looking at water parks they ' re going with his boss oh they ' re having one in they ' re going to put in a water park in yeah he was saying that mm mm so that ' s where he is he ' s gone on a little so they ' ve gone to have a look two day jolly in holland or i say
1253. got any if you are in profit because you do like to spend don ' t you? will you check? i will check but not at this precise not at this precise moment i was suppose to water in there i i saw you going to put the water in the bin and i just thought mm yeah i was wondering and then i wondered hey what am i doing? okay i have an update of your
1256. bank transfer it wasn ' t a huge amount that was okay and then i only just now read the contract and it says i need to provide the owner with a certificate of insurance against theft fire and water damage what so you ' ve got to get home insurance for somewhere that ' s not your home? i know what the very fuck? so i ' ve emailed her to say er and in the
1264. cool that isn ' t it? that you ' re on the erm if you ' re on the continent you can just drive to all these different countries mm yeah we have to get across the water being an island although it ' s just as well really because erm all the er immigration problems that calais has they ' d all be coming over to us if we were attached we ' d be like
1265. bikini bottoms on doesn ' t she? did did did did you not hear me and a bikini top hear me go well you don ' t see her top you just see her bottom half in the water i see her bikini top what in the in the poster? yes do you? oh okay fair enough yeah i think she does you really should pay attention well sorry for not knowing movie posters before i was
1266. places with charisma yes venice and yes istanbul i think they ' re very distinct yeah i really liked venice a lot more than i thought i would because i was actually surprised at how clear the water was yes i thought it might be erm a bit er dirty or smelly but it was absolutely crystal clear and you could see all the plants sparkling through the water and the fish i thought it was
1267. actually surprised at how clear the water was yes i thought it might be erm a bit er dirty or smelly but it was absolutely crystal clear and you could see all the plants sparkling through the water and the fish i thought it was really good the authorities have done well to keep it like that yes but i suppose the tourist influence must provide a lot of money for definitely the bento region yes yeah
1268. little analysis she ' s doing then you know i don ' t think there ' ll be enough data actually to publish it but anyway well it ' s a start is the other thing dead in the water? the erm moods thing? i still need to get data from australia yeah yeah and that said i i have got it on my task list yeah i just need to ask to do it yeah but
1269. other kind of data and whereabouts yeah yeah this activity could vary according to geogrgeography so it was quite you know he didn ' t laugh at me yeah yeah yeah not not dead in the water no no no that ' s good that ' s good now erm and given that he knows the science the real science unlike me the erm weather gauge is saying it ' s not gonna rain so
1270. t trust the russians well not well it ' s a business move he ' s get he ' s getting he ' s getting the solar panels as well he ' s gonna do some deep some sunken water tank or something i dunno mm? i ' ve not heard of it myself something about a tank a big tank of water heating solar panel heating a big tank of water yeah well you it ' s
1271. the solar panels as well he ' s gonna do some deep some sunken water tank or something i dunno mm? i ' ve not heard of it myself something about a tank a big tank of water heating solar panel heating a big tank of water yeah well you it ' s solar he solar heating or something where you you remember when had it in his house? oh right okay watch out for it '
1277. in winter like cook them in coals and then like oh just crack off the shell maybe and then eat them horse sweet chestnuts yeah and then you get have you ever had them? you get water chestnuts as well yeah yeah they ' re nice aren ' t they? yeah yeah they weren ' t bad they weren ' t bad i never used to like nuts but now i really like nuts so
1281. i ' ve seen it on tv yeah i ' ve seen it on yeah on the beach it ' s really pretty but it ' s like it ' s when plankton gets washed up in deep water and everything yeah it ' s really pretty yeah er it looked crazy on tv yeah it ' s a bit trippy you know you ' re like chilling a beach you know yeah doing whatever and then just
1282. ' re like chilling a beach you know yeah doing whatever and then just suddenly you see these little blue sparkles on the sand and that what? yeah like bloody hell you she was splashing the water yeah it glows more yeah when you ' re like move it around and stuff cos when you hit it it they release a chemical and that ' s what it is that ' s how it how
1284. re really bitchy as you say then they must have a lot of enemies yeah like maybe s maybe i thought maybe someone ' s knocked their i uu erm an i the ipad into the water and felt bad and then put ' s thing in to make it look like someone had done it maliciously like me so they could pin it d ' you know? like well d ' you know like
1285. it d ' you know? like well d ' you know like d ' you know what actually h like what they actually did with like the ipad and stuff like? no apparently someone put it into water that ' s all i know like no like they act from what and told me they actually like took it out of the case the ipad out of the case like they went to the effort and then they
1287. she ' s got a really expensive laptop it it ' s like you know like as good as a mac but it ' s not a mac? mm yeah and they l they left it in the water and then took it out so it still so malicious though like why would you bother? yeah you ' ve got an intent to do that haven ' t you? yeah i know that is crazy and then
1290. holding it okay just cos it ' s they might say it ' s only vibr only vibration from the seat fair enough okay oh i said hold not drop ha oh no it it was the water that was dropping okay ah ha ha you do like this song yep a bit too much ha ha i look forward to tomorrow yeah it should be fun er it might be dry actually erm yeah so ha
1293. ' re sitting here no not at all no? it ' ll spoil you know in korea they kinda add this hot stuff to all their foods and it kinda leaves like er at the top of the water there ' s kinda like a a red oily residue yeah that ' ll be chilli is that just chilli? mm oh right sesame oil chilli chilli flakes they like putting that in
1296. know mm it ' s got apple pulp in it was there any molasses or not? soy sauce no oh yeah yeah it ' s pretty high in molasses i thought it would be water ' s the biggest ingredient then tomato puree followed by glucose fructose syrup followed by molasses and modified maize starch so there ' s three different types of sugar in a row and ace
1310. ##lvert? mm a reservoir he said erm who told you this? the guy who i can ' t remember what his title is erm something to do with operations they ' ve found this water source so they ' re gonna by two thousand and just open that and eighteen we ' ll be self - sufficient for water and energy heating isn ' t it? yeah that ' s really good uhu
1312. sufficient for water and energy heating isn ' t it? yeah that ' s really good uhu what are they doing? they ' re like so hydropower or they ' ll have to treat the water yeah i understand that but how are you gonna get energy from the reservoir? there you ' re putting erm you ' re putting turbines down ssolar panels and some kind of energy thithink about
1313. you ' re putting erm you ' re putting turbines down ssolar panels and some kind of energy thithink about it solar panels in a reservoir? no we ' re gonna have our own water source and energy for heating and electricity yeah i understand that but how where are you gonna get this energy from? that ' s what i ' m saying they ' re gonna use solar panels and some other
1314. get this energy from? that ' s what i ' m saying they ' re gonna use solar panels and some other it ' s a really new machine that converts i imagine they ' ll pump the water through a yeah and then a turbine a turbine yeah and then use the solar power to heat it thank you i must say i think that nuclear is the way forward but what is? nuclear nuclear renewable energy
1321. d normally got to farm what is like cross - country but it ' s like quite small jumps where i took cruiser and normally that ' s ten pounds and it ' s like you go through woods water yeah like everywhere like you can use all the facilities so i was like i was like probably go in there and i knocked on her door and she was like come in and we were talking and she was
1338. yeah just she was like and then she was they taste so much better than carrot batons was like yeah because carrot batons have been peeled and been washed and they just soak up all the water all they are is water based soon as you open that bag they dry up yeah so she said you should see when she ' s cutting these carrots she ' s like oh so much effort oh my
1339. and then she was they taste so much better than carrot batons was like yeah because carrot batons have been peeled and been washed and they just soak up all the water all they are is water based soon as you open that bag they dry up yeah so she said you should see when she ' s cutting these carrots she ' s like oh so much effort oh my god i was laughing so
1344. s probably about you so you can be measurer a go - go let ' s see right we ' re a little bit light on the milk front i figure we can just do half milk half water yeah i ' ve probably got milk somewhere mm got some although how many does this make? that is the question it says two to three pancakes? people? i mean what is that that can ' t
1347. erm those really steep ones kind of through the bushes yeah if you go out past the little cafe at there ' s like a caff isn ' t there on the opposite end of the break water yeah is that right that ' s the yeah so the so where you come down that steep bit and then you walk along the beach yeah through the and then you go past the erm and those stairs
1350. like tied to a there ' s a film when they ' re in a pool there ' s like all of them are on sunbathing loungers and you see them just getting pulled into the water just like one by one it ' s weird it ' s like it ' s creepy because of like the sounds and the i can ' t explain there ' s another one where the kid ' s got
1353. of a smashed car like just outside the wind was still flipping roof tiles everywhere there was like no power it was raining really really heavily spar when i was walking like sparks were flying off like things water was up to about here like everywhere mm and like loads of these church steeples cos there ' s loads of churches everywhere just like had fallen off and everything made me walk through this bloody thing i
1354. like frozen and oh yeah yeah yeah i do remember yeah did you not hear about that? yeah and you were getting the same weather system yeah i do remember but it was causing it to drop the water mm but america was getting hit pretty hard with that as well i think it gets a like a knock - on effect from like a a massive tidal wave like happened in sri lanka a few years ago yeah
1355. like ecuador peru bolivia it ' s all like really dry and desert on this side of the mountains and then on the other side it ' s lush jungle tropical like where it just dumps all the water onto just like crazy innit right they have three very clear erm zones actually it ' s amazing that the incas did what they did but if you take peru and this is the same for all
1358. gold? what are they erm actually do no i think they ' re doing like they ' ve actually digging and just setting up the yeah er it ' s not just like going into the the water and all this sort of stuff no they ' re just setting up all the drills and everything yeah i take it he ' s finding a bit of gold out there well don ' t know yet don '
1359. amazon just sounds insane mm terribly terribly terribly boring though apparently like just constantly i ' ll bet day in day out chopping vines down and being bitten by mosquitos oh my god and wading in water like up to here and shit why would you want to do it? why i d the challenge i mean i know it ' s an experience and a challenge to say you ' ve you ' ve walked
1360. die in the jaws of a crocodile than in a a bloody i didn ' t realise that we ' ve had another time with crocodiles we didn ' t realise how do you know much about salt water crocodiles at all? do you realise how big they get? the biggest salt water crocodile ever caught was eight metres long i mean that ' s four times the length of a fully grown man you know
1361. that we ' ve had another time with crocodiles we didn ' t realise how do you know much about salt water crocodiles at all? do you realise how big they get? the biggest salt water crocodile ever caught was eight metres long i mean that ' s four times the length of a fully grown man you know what i mean? eight metre salt water crocodile that ' s that ' s a dinosaur
1362. how big they get? the biggest salt water crocodile ever caught was eight metres long i mean that ' s four times the length of a fully grown man you know what i mean? eight metre salt water crocodile that ' s that ' s a dinosaur really we were on the c the andaman islands i told you like mm off the coast of india nobody can go to these places they still have tribes that
1363. on this beau the most beautiful beach i ' ve ever seen in my whole life nobody is on it beautiful for swimming great move on six months later read an article some girl was eaten by a salt water crocodile on that beach oh my god and people were claiming that they need to be putting signs up on this place you know what mean? salt water crocodiles and you ' ve been swimming in it?
1364. read an article some girl was eaten by a salt water crocodile on that beach oh my god and people were claiming that they need to be putting signs up on this place you know what mean? salt water crocodiles and you ' ve been swimming in it? i was scuba diving around this area oh my god so i ' ve been out there erm that ' s where i got the fire coral that
1365. of the most remote parts of the world they ' re not there ' s no - one there mm mm they ' re not going to go and hammer in a sign everywhere and saying watch out salt water crocodiles i mean i didn ' t realise as well we were getting in the sundarbans which is like this big tidal mangrove area of south of calcutta only found out recently that that ' s
1366. realise as well we were getting in the sundarbans which is like this big tidal mangrove area of south of calcutta only found out recently that that ' s one of the biggest areas for salt water crocodiles oh my god there ' s us jumping in the mud around there and you know like oh my sliding around on our bellies going god and we knew there were crocodiles around but and you
1369. but they ' re never australians they ' re usually german no and and he tells this story of they were staying on this on this sort of sandbank and erm ththere was there was water i think it was in the middle of a lake or something i don ' t know how they got there or i or they were just on the edge of a lake and it said no it must '
1370. ' s not oh it ' s a long t i don ' t think she she does feed him then yes yeah cos he started waking up in the night and so she was just trying to water and and do they still? dummy and is it still six months before you ' re supposed to put them on solids cos it changed didn ' t it? they say that but i don ' t
1372. master yes it would be as easy to google it it would let ' s have a look won ' t be in mail tell me have you been swimming yet? yeah you have? been under the water and everything did you like the water? which swimming pool were you in?? did did yes take him? yes or both of them or? but they both went last sunday and think they ' re
1373. to google it it would let ' s have a look won ' t be in mail tell me have you been swimming yet? yeah you have? been under the water and everything did you like the water? which swimming pool were you in?? did did yes take him? yes or both of them or? but they both went last sunday and think they ' re going again tomorrow they ' ve asked
1374. had he? yeah so h that ' s starting to pick up so of course they want a website they want a newsletter they want oh right and i do want to keep all that separate yeah from water so yeah erm so i have got stuff to do oh well that ' s good then isn ' t it? which is really good oh he ' s gone to sleep hasn ' t he? i
1376. mm? in fifteen million years the mediterranean will have vanished africa will collide with eurasia it ' s still quite a long time for it to collide mm mm but then won ' t the water have risen anyway though? so much bigger maybe italy will disappear don ' t know global warming say what? did you know? no i didn ' t did you know about telomeres? maybe i
1378. just so deep and every big mountain range is er yes the plates moving apart and all the bubbling volcanic activity has made a huge amount of basically all continents are surely just big mountains popping out of the water yeah but in between them you know? like in like in the middle of the african america yeah they ' re moving apart all the time oh right does it matter? so where do? where do you
1383. t they? yeah pristine tank mm cos the instant you slack it ' s just like the the house you know it ' s just instantly algae - fied and yeah you have to change the water all the time horrible and something went wrong with our golden apple snail its shell went wrong didn ' t it? and it was all like crusty i think that happens to them oh yeah er do you
1384. cos like it ' s a what is? hadn ' t been in the uk that long and his english wasn ' t as good as it is now and he just took one look at my water snail and went what is monster? it ' s a golden apple snail okay? it ' s just not well he ' s not right he ' s a bit not right not a monster oh that i
1388. you was like trying to kill you you know just cos you were annoying him they fell off too i was like he lost his he lost his sunglasses like mm he was like can you see under water? it ' s in the middle of the ocean he ' s like can you see my sunglasses? he was trying to get me to dive down cos he has laser surgery i was like no man
1389. laser surgery i was like no man he has what surgery? laser eye he ' s had laser surgery woah you can ' t so you can ' t you can ' t like go in salt water oh what? why? he had his eyes restored he was so blind and he had his eyes like fixed what? just through natural blindness? yeah you can have it done now it costs like ten grand
1391. brittany in france and they they maintain that brittany and cornwall used well obviously was at one point joined yeah but there isn ' t there isn ' t a well there ' s twenty - six miles of water between them now though aye it is it is bollocks though but it they ' re hardly there ' s the whole place has got one dual carriageway they ' re hardly going to exist economically by
1392. cetera mm then you think like well if all these made up yeah conflicts you you have something far more important to deal with first yeah i think exactly yeah yeah i know what you mean er the water yeah you ' re right it it ' s been i i spoke with i spoke with my mum last week and she told me that she had never seen any mm mm er mm hot weather like this in
1393. i i spoke with i spoke with my mum last week and she told me that she had never seen any mm mm er mm hot weather like this in her life mm but part of it was really water yeah u i mean in finland and yeah obviously being at a university and they do do climate research there and they actually pointed out funnily enough finland a whole european country is o maybe appart from
1396. it was yes and er i ' d sweated a lot mm and when you ' re sweating a lot you are it ' s all evaporating it is you are losing a lot of bodily water mm over quite a llarge area surface area mm mm and it sh it ' ll show mm it ' s amazing what shows up on some of these tests mm and er er it was that and
1402. at that point at the end of the three months you get to decide whether you sign up she ' ll probably love it well i don ' t know i mean she ' s decided because she loves water and she likes technical things and she ' s speaks four languages mm that she that it will be the perfect job but in theory mm if she was more engaged with what she was actually going to be doing
1407. should have so i think we i thought it was completely broken because i bent it but it seems to be working bloody key isn ' t anywhere oil or something in it so we ' re getting cameras water sunglasses yeah yeah and then there ' s camera yeah where ' s my camera then? find out you didn ' t bring it with you down from bedford so do you see the your nieces and nephew
1408. they ' re not free and it just oh i was gonna yeah yeah erm so no i don ' t even get to see my sister as much as i should do really no oh no the water pressure ' s ridiculous it ' s either really slow really i ' ve heard swearing in here numerous times as he ' s just done that every time frustrates him i remember when my erm my
1409. home we ' ve got a whole double room yeah that ' s true and if not and if he is home he can have the sofa sofa bed fight it out feel more comfortable hey little bit of water yeah there you go i ' ve brought a camera too jesus i ' m terrible at taking photos look what they ' ve got in parks nowadays zip lines and as in like you like taking photos or no
1418. to happen cos you know what is like she was all kind of like you know all brimming and you know kind of like nervous and all of this and they dunked her in the water and i was kind of like ah but she was kind of like all emotional and everything afterwards and felt blessed and and then that all wore off after about an hour yeah she never went again did she?
1425. thirty - nineteen yeah i chopped loads of it yesterday but it ' s funny how it ' s purple and then you cook it and it ' s green like normal broccoli hm and the w water just stays purple i don ' t really understand that it ' s not like a real colouring it ' s just superficial colour i don ' t know oh you know um has applied for a job in
1426. she goes especially somewhere like the maldives that ' s crystal clear and you can see all the little fishies she ' d love it stick the snorkel on her head and stick her head under water yeah but those islands you ' ve got you ' ve got the main place which is um what is it? right um that ' s just a horrible town apparently and then you fly out by those like
1430. been to is it er or? i think we could go to castle oh now that ' s somewhere i ' d like to go cos it always looks very very nice it ' s surrounded by water mm and then erm there ' s another one you know where erm one of those henry the eighth queens was erm brought up i dunno whether it was anne howard or somebody i don '
1431. erm well you know where portree is on skye it ' s that that place where we oh yes it was wh we stayed at it ' s because we didn ' t go to the water much because it was raining all the time yeah it was quite misty as well ah i didn ' t see well this is obviously taken from a ship mm yeah we did walk we walked down to that one
1432. have the tower from bedrock all the way up to the very top so it would be the biggest possible tower so he made loads of channels with dynamite em and we built these walls up so that the water couldn ' t get through cos it was for some reason we decided to build it on the coast we walled up the eh water and then there ' s this guy making channels of dynamite and eh a
1433. channels with dynamite em and we built these walls up so that the water couldn ' t get through cos it was for some reason we decided to build it on the coast we walled up the eh water and then there ' s this guy making channels of dynamite and eh a the guy who was em who i was helping he said it ' s alright knows what he ' s doing he ' s he '
1437. they ' re a bit big well a doughnut ' s everything the same it ' s a bit filling except the apples it ' s not well we ' ll cut it up that ' s nice water though isn ' t it? carrot cake ' s on offer mind erm the apple turnovers look really nice oh right well who wants a drink? get an apple turnover no i don ' t want
1442. speed limits yeah in for no good reason and yet they feel the need to restrict you to thirty through here and then sorry don ' t so yeah not restrict you to twenty through here yeah yeah deep water cool if it didn ' t look quite stagnant i ' d be very i was gonna keen on going for a swim i was gonna say it did look a little bit er yeah been there a
1443. and fresh yeah cos i ' d been so used to this really really dull american english it was were you? it ' s the kind of english i learned american american is that why you say water sorry i ' m going to kill you i lived in as a child and when i was about thirteen we were well er went down to ah to school and oh i didn ' t half get my leg
1461. to just put in a formula yeah whereby it ' ll calculate it all well we ' ll keep we ' ll do this one first babe and see what this one comes out as anyway okay so um water was four point eight so preservative twelve where has it got? um wait there have you got the prices there? or have i got them here? um hm where are they? oh i
1463. i can really use up to one percent if i want so in a hundred percent i ' d use w up to one percent which would be one mil so if i say because my mask has got water in it there ' s more chance of contamination so i think i should do my pricing all based on one mil of preservative okay just in case okay that ' s i think that ' s
1464. ##ught point three seven plus nought point three eight equals five pounds sixty - eight is that how much it costs? wait there no we ' ve done it wrong what? cos that er the water wasn ' t it can ' t b ah this is pence yeah so but no that ' s not right four pou that ' s not right is it? four point eight pence you '
1467. would make sense cos it ' s millilitre isn ' t it mil means thousand yeah so what ' s? so um so so if um the water let ' s just tut the water was one pound twenty for a litre so one twenty times by one pound twenty er divided by a thousand timesed by forty yep forty equals nought point nought f oh yeah i thought five okay okay
1469. so sorry for her and really when i used to wrap my hands up at night in cling film and cream and when i ' d wake up in the morning the my hands were soaking wet with water because my hands couldn ' t breathe uh - huh so in a way i er maybe i should speak to her she should put bandages on gauze? mm or something like that but i ' ve got
1470. no no no he ' s he ' s had sending them in oh in bit batches bits and pieces yeah right here he is going in uhu feeling optimistic yes went oh he quite liked the water in the end didn ' t he? yes yeah obviously just a bit a cold he doesn ' t like being held like that does he? no he hates being held like that but i knew he was
1474. you can come on holiday? we need to to paint the wall at some point in the lounge oh wait till you ' ve sorted the leak and the plasterboard has come away as well with the water yeah wait till we ' ve sorted it don ' t worry about it yet a little bit of water ' s a lot of damage it ' s not gushing it ' s just so you know it
1475. wait till you ' ve sorted the leak and the plasterboard has come away as well with the water yeah wait till we ' ve sorted it don ' t worry about it yet a little bit of water ' s a lot of damage it ' s not gushing it ' s just so you know it ' s it ' s not gonna suddenly be horrific so no i know but the the plasterboard '
1481. no on the way down about seven or eight minutes before you can pull in and i mean for years i ' ve been looking out trying to see it but you can ' t see it because the water ' s so thick yeah and i ' m sure that ' s where he is mm but i always had and somebody actually i think has possibly done it well i always do you remember when we were up
1482. but one of the the house was so close to one of the neighbours yes that their balcony at the end of their garden cos it was a je it was basically a jetty over over the water as well like was was blocked off on one side by this house totally blocked off mm and the one we watched after that some guy er a couple they they seemed alright but he was just a bit eccentric
1483. rose yeah yes yeah it ' s like a floating mechanis yes and a dock so they and they they had like a basement in that bit but and it was completely watertight so as the water levels rose they tanked it didn ' t they? they tanked the whole thing yeah it was crazy yeah it was like a slice of bread and that and have a amazing absolutely for stuff like that
1484. better go home now let ' s everyone get back it ' s time to leave and it was definitely time to leave and on the way back i insisted that i wanted to play in that pool of water with all these other kids and i just remember that horrible feeling of all this sand and i was dry before that wet and sand after that on the drive home no the time to leave was then just go
1492. ' s cos ' s not even going he ' s decid he ' s going to he ' s going to i know er damn i thought i was gonna s throw some shit in the water there but er then are you driving across the border? no i ' m flying to oh okay cos that would ' ve been so dumb why? actually no er it ' s the wrong border for
1497. ' s up? isn ' t that all of us? why isn ' t this one working? oh yeah no this is gonna fucking work you piece of shit oh yes smashing thank you very much water? i ' ve got and i ' m confused yes i know it i know ghanaian as well cos i ' m a loser climb oh idea what the? what the hell is that? so ni
1498. for an oven? because they don ' t only they ' re not only they ' re amazing they they ' re they heat the whole they can heat the whole house they can heat up the whole water yeah really? yeah they ' re not just my grandma had one in her in the cottage like an old one but you have to keep them going in the warm weather and they ' re yeah not that
1508. do you wanna come to thorpe park on friday with other adults? yeah i ' ll er i ' ll do it from the safety of like the snack stand you know i ' ll go on the water ride that ' s the only one i really like all the rides they ' re my favourite they ' re good i hate theme park rides they just make you feel sick no they ' re exciting also that
1509. ve got some great aqueducts as well i like aqueducts i love an aqueduct oh no but the best place i found they yeah look at this river a deep reddish hue due to iron dissolved in water yeah that ' s really cool they have loads of really amazing mines looks like that looks like the amazon or something oh my god it ' s red and they have loads of those you know those like pink
1510. t hesitate there ' s probably a bit of oil on that probably oil in the fish if you want it fishy again that ' s also too mm means your olives up there that ' s water water as you would sing mm water i might have a song but i ' m not quite sure mm good girl do you want to just pop round and ask for a tablespoon of oi of
1511. hesitate there ' s probably a bit of oil on that probably oil in the fish if you want it fishy again that ' s also too mm means your olives up there that ' s water water as you would sing mm water i might have a song but i ' m not quite sure mm good girl do you want to just pop round and ask for a tablespoon of oi of oil
1512. bit of oil on that probably oil in the fish if you want it fishy again that ' s also too mm means your olives up there that ' s water water as you would sing mm water i might have a song but i ' m not quite sure mm good girl do you want to just pop round and ask for a tablespoon of oi of oil? no okay i do however
1513. can do that look at this menu so yes i ' m going for the big juice number four which is about three quid but i don ' t really care cos i really hate paying for water spicy curry fish with with spicy curry spicy spicy curry soup with white fish and prawns that sounds nice i always but i don ' t want a soup get a little bit sort of curious here about
1524. still in the house so i use that yeah yeah yeah erm which is fine and then oh this i ' m really excited by this on monday i ' m getting a ups delivery of a little water filter that ' s like a mobile one oh nice it weighs a kilo and it ' s about a foot twelve inches high erm but you can filter even river water nice and it ' s got
1525. ups delivery of a little water filter that ' s like a mobile one oh nice it weighs a kilo and it ' s about a foot twelve inches high erm but you can filter even river water nice and it ' s got a carbon filter that lasts on average eleven years before it needs to be replaced that ' s incredible now it ' s a hundred and fifty quid uhu okay but i
1532. so mm water is not a problem and theoretically i ' m gonna be somewhere warm enough i ' ve got a little erm plastic bag with a small solar panel on it mm so it heats the water so you fill the bag with water leave it outside the van in the sun and you can shower off of that oh that ' s good uhu so theoretically both issues solved yeah solved yeah and i '
1536. the gold donald trump? it ' s literally just marble and g i didn ' t see the golden donald trump but it ' s like gold and marble everywhere like everything ' s just like they have water running everywhere so that everything kind of glitters d trump trump towers is like the first three floors i think are like shopping shopping and dining experiences they call it but i just went up the e like elevator
1537. take advantage of no i ' d rather eat cake mm rather eat cake and not at lancaster cake is good mm after christmas i ' ll be there way big ' s gonna join as well still under water or not? no i think is the sports centre on a hill? mm little bit sort of it ' s at the bottom of a very big hill now imagine if that had happened on a day i
1539. ##la or katla goes off in iceland again that will cause massive problems because they are both anyone going to iceland must be terrified of them they are both mm they are both erm glacial where the water on top turns the lava to ash and anyway it was the it when was the potato famine in eighteen forty - five? i dunno well there was a volcano went off in iceland about five forty years
1542. you know erm a super yogi i know i think i look quite good actually but i am the silhouette yeah you do oh so they ' re quite funny yeah and then we went into the water that ' s me this is you know going to be i mean it ' s greater than that cinema photography maybe yes wow so it was such a beautiful sunset as well the colours were just staggering it '
1543. then in the in the afternoon you see everything becomes like a silhouette and mm tonal shades of grey it ' s just so stunning mm and is it really safe? yeah yeah pr look at the water wow mm it ' s so blue did you see any fish or turtles or dolphin or? yeah they ' re actually they did see a turtle i didn ' t see a turtle mm there i there are
1544. turtle breeding ground mm at which is the kind of erm city upon the coast second city city which i went to which was very attractive mm mm er and there was like a little turtle in the water mm which but i didn ' t see the turtle but loads of people did mm that ' s nice yeah so anyway mm mm we had like a little video of water but it ' s not here that
1545. like a little turtle in the water mm which but i didn ' t see the turtle but loads of people did mm that ' s nice yeah so anyway mm mm we had like a little video of water but it ' s not here that ' s right then those are in absolutely stunning photos yeah they ' re amazing aren ' t they? mm mm but the ones that my friend did we had this incredible
1546. this day and we were on this big beach mm we were on this the big beach and it was the kind of crazy dreamy day mm and mm she took some photos of me going in the water mm which are really incredible mm but i ' ll have to get them off her mm and they ' re just totally kind of dreamy and erm kinda otherwordly mm so yeah kinda funny yo
1550. wooden planks? it ' s good good that he dressed for for the location as well doesn ' t look any different to how he would look here yeah but you ' ll drive straight into the water presumably? dear me yeah i ' m gonna go and get those beers fairly soon mum cos um i need to go and meet at the end of road do you? why? get a bit of
1551. ve got a new message ooh so i don ' t know what he ' s what you know whether it ' s your account dad said that you ' d managed to get a part for the water - butt tut uh but it ' s not quite the b right thing it ' s not quite right no i have to do i ' ll have to do something sorry i just need to think about
1552. being shunted around a ludicrous number of suitors was transformed at various points into a worm no she wasn ' t a butterfly and a swan no she wasn ' t and a pool of water oh okay and induce one of the strangest pregnancies since jesus read about her story here she ' s got really bushy eyebrows did you know that johansson is the most popular name in sweden?
1556. on leave it for about oh quarter of an hour scrape off what i can and put it back in the pot mm cos that ' s that ' s not been used and you put it under water wipe it off with the with gloves yeah yeah you wipe it all off erm the surface and it ' s etched the glass lovely it ' s a lovely jo actually it ' s probably safer than grinding
1560. yeah i think they they had to health and safety took you know the boating lake at park away because that was that was about that high mm you could stand on it and launch it stand near the water and launch er boats mm mm but kids used to jump on the top you see mm and inevitably fall in stupid it wasn ' t very deep though was it? deep enough to bra drown you yes well
1561. see mm and inevitably fall in stupid it wasn ' t very deep though was it? deep enough to bra drown you yes well obviously yeah i mean er you can drown in a couple of inches of water mm but you ' ve gotta learn you don ' t go into rivers and things like that well of course you do yeah yeah what ' s the difference between they don ' t don ' t fill all
1562. park and they u they had the river ran through it or the river it goes through it still yeah yeah yeah and they had a nice little bit where the where the kids could play in the shallow water course they concreted that up mm and yeah made that bit shallow and wide mm and you could just go paddling i remember seeing that yeah lovely in that bit and that was great i mean pi people
1563. and they all come round to you yeah oh yeah all come round to feed they ' re beautiful and on the way back was a most fascinating thing because coming over the bridge because it ' s flowing water it ' s not a duck pond duck ponds are filthy aren ' t they? they are yes yeah yeah but because the river flows through through it this lake bit right it ' s clear water and you
1564. flowing water it ' s not a duck pond duck ponds are filthy aren ' t they? they are yes yeah yeah but because the river flows through through it this lake bit right it ' s clear water and you could see that these ducks erm oh i can ' t remember the name of them they were beautiful things they ' ve they ' ve got orange heads oh i know the one cos you
1565. ve got orange heads oh i know the one cos you know the sort of thing they ' re lovely yeah and down they went and when they swam under the w they ' re swimming under the water with their wings yeah yeah down to the bottom and then they nibble along the bottom yeah erm and then bob up you can see clear as anything from the bridge really? because because the water was
1566. water with their wings yeah yeah down to the bottom and then they nibble along the bottom yeah erm and then bob up you can see clear as anything from the bridge really? because because the water was clear yeah lovely oh right yeah yeah it ' s it is fascinating yeah and then we just managed to get a cup of tea before they shut the place up so we got there early they were setting
1572. home with one what? i know what happened? she went to her friend ' s house they ' d drown wouldn ' t they? and came home with a that ' s just cruel not with water in we put hay in it oh we had the fish tank in the garden but surely they ' d just float yeah she came well she went to her friend ' s house to play one day and came
1573. a really good mm effect if it had worked if it had worked properly yeah but yeah most of the people were sort of interested in seeing that these roadies whether they were going to fall in the water yeah cos cos they hadn ' t quite sussed it out you know how to get this his dry ice from the box yeah into the water without having to wade in you know? yeah well
1574. ##ies whether they were going to fall in the water yeah cos cos they hadn ' t quite sussed it out you know how to get this his dry ice from the box yeah into the water without having to wade in you know? yeah well it was alright yeah quite interesting yeah i bet it was i bet it was interesting cos that was more or less the same time when pink floyd when
1577. didn ' t make yeah any provision at all and mm i said what would happen with the ground levels i said they ' ll just build them higher and then fill up round it yeah and all the water ' ll just drain onto neighbouring properties yeah and it did i said th this this mustn ' t be allowed to happen but just ignored it yeah of course they did yep it ' s the powers that
1578. t know they oh that that was when they they check the light bulbs are working yeah they checked well they ' ve already done that haven ' t they? and they check on the mot the water in the in the radiator and they check and they check the brake fluid brake fluid and they check the fluid in the steering that ' s true yeah and they check the wipers work ye do
1579. s not at work but they might so they don ' t know that you know exactly but then you don ' t know for sure that they know that they know so i sort of ttested the water a little so you suspect that they know you suspect that they think that you won ' t know even though you know yeah because the end of this first trimester was during winter break so she sh might
1582. t separate and they can ' t fly when they ' re together they can ' t? dude that ' s it ' s like trying to like pee through an ocean when you ' re treading water there ' s a really good documentary about it just like animal sex slug sex is like oh no i don ' t like i don ' t like it i thought slugs were asexual? no
1589. mm? on the day before friday we can drink hot chocolate like we did there when we were on the beach oh er sitting out on the beach yeah i loved i loved putting my feet in the water mm and we had a little we had fish and chips didn ' t we? just splashing the water and yes we had made her f brought her flask and we had fish and erm hot
1590. beach oh er sitting out on the beach yeah i loved i loved putting my feet in the water mm and we had a little we had fish and chips didn ' t we? just splashing the water and yes we had made her f brought her flask and we had fish and erm hot chocolate it was lovely wasn ' t it? mm yeah i hope she does pop over to see us and
1592. having a big meeting and you get some sort of tray and it ' s got water in it and they couldn ' t have been ordinary inks they must have been sort of like an oil on water yes yes ink and the pap the paper goes on mm put it sort of swirl it about and you put the paper on and i don ' t think you run the paper through it because it would
1593. one and a bluey one a green one and you could and er i didn ' t do that you know i i made the calendar with the paper but i didn ' t do the oil on water business but i saw it in i used to have this i guess i got it for a christmas present yeah one of these books of you know oh erm choccy in the trousers erm chocolate
1594. do it on fabric you know it was it was safe yeah but iit and dry as soon as it came out yeah well it ' s something where you do it kind it ' s like on water or unless you do it on oil unless it ' s oil unless it ' s a tray of oil with ink on inks on it it ' s something where where the the erm coloured stuff is
1595. ##s on it it ' s something where where the the erm coloured stuff is on the surface of the yeah yeah i understand the principle but i don ' t know whether it ' s oil with water water ink or water with oil ink mm mm you know which way around it is cos was good on the old yes arty crafties yeah it was sad his daughter isn ' t it? that
1596. on it it ' s something where where the the erm coloured stuff is on the surface of the yeah yeah i understand the principle but i don ' t know whether it ' s oil with water water ink or water with oil ink mm mm you know which way around it is cos was good on the old yes arty crafties yeah it was sad his daughter isn ' t it? that she
1597. ' s something where where the the erm coloured stuff is on the surface of the yeah yeah i understand the principle but i don ' t know whether it ' s oil with water water ink or water with oil ink mm mm you know which way around it is cos was good on the old yes arty crafties yeah it was sad his daughter isn ' t it? that she had such an
1603. like took her in cos i we were down there which was nice yeah and erm straight away she was like out in the play yard bit and there was like this big sandpit filled with water and she like persuaded her little friend to start splashing in it so like what? they got covered in water before they ' d even started the school day it was quite funny that sounds like her doesn
1604. like out in the play yard bit and there was like this big sandpit filled with water and she like persuaded her little friend to start splashing in it so like what? they got covered in water before they ' d even started the school day it was quite funny that sounds like her doesn ' t it? yeah they ' ve sent us over a massive christmas list of everything they want what? yeah
1607. frozen cos everyone was worried about how you wrap your taps but don ' t know what you wrap your taps with it ' s not even that cold do you wanna bet we there ' s a water butt out there and it ' s basically solid mm i wouldn ' t actually she saw the lake yesterday in em botanic gardens botanic gardens i was testing it sorry say that again? i was testing testing the
1608. fun just to like walk across that and we walked across till we were sort of way in when we soon realised actually this is really stupid isn ' t it? really really yeah has it got sea water? sorry? isn ' t it sea water in? em it depends how far out you go it ' s obviously it it ' ll blend at a certain point yeah act actually no sorry it it wasn
1609. walked across till we were sort of way in when we soon realised actually this is really stupid isn ' t it? really really yeah has it got sea water? sorry? isn ' t it sea water in? em it depends how far out you go it ' s obviously it it ' ll blend at a certain point yeah act actually no sorry it it wasn ' t in it it it was in so
1610. s like they ' ve basically paved it all paved the whole thing so it ' s great in that there ' s no maintenance cos there ' s no there ' s nothing living out there to water it ' s just like pavement slabs grass i can ' t grow any vegetables there ' s nothing there ' s not a single thing out there to grow can you remember what some of the is paving?
1612. smelt really strongly of pine and the sea mm it was just amazing but yeah that was gorgeous and we stopped at some non - chain supermarket that was quite expensive and we were worried that there was water coming out of the bottom of our car do you remember that? oh yeah yeah that was much later it think no that wasn ' t much later no maybe a couple of days later it was either that
1613. building for another cocktail cos it said it had a good view yes of the whole beach we did yeah and the sun was setting it as good and we did go and sort of squat in the water yeah we did and swim a bit and then our pants got wet so we had to sit and let them dry yeah i went commando it was erm yeah i had to do it really subtly but uh
1616. ' t it was where we were staying? yeah erm and then the er yeah tuolumne meadows and there was like a sort of spring wasn ' t there? like a natural spring water thing yeah well we did but it was kind of gross we did that we did that walk around the side of that lake first didn ' t we? oh yeah that was that was nice that was really
1617. minutes sit down like we really took it easy we yeah didn ' t go very far no and it took us most of the day yeah i felt really heavy like i was i dunno yeah under water or something yeah it was really strange like yeah really felt just heavy like oh and it yeah we did like basically the child walk or whatever we did yeah and it was like phew there were like middle
1618. uhu sat in some mud sat in some mud showered each other off with a hose yeah yeah we did yeah had a swim after that as well in a nice hot pool yes we did and the water was all like from the natural hot spring so it had a kind of yeah weird that ' s right feel and taste and smell it did but which was nice there was like yeah there was like a mineral
1619. was like a mineral build up everywhere wasn ' t there? yeah and there was lots of signs uhu about how it ' s not dirt it ' s just a natural side effect of the spring water yeah yeah i swam so much yeah and i think we got kind of a good sense of the layout of napa i think cos we drove through a lot of the at the mm again different landscape
1621. don ' t know if you can use them over here and then you can get them unlocked yeah i bought one in australia did you? cos erm my phone had like a shitload of water damage like three years ago erm so it just stopped working yeah so i bought one in australia it was a fucking faff when i got back to england yeah but i could still use it you could
1622. a real nice mushroom risrisotto so she ' d said she ' d make that but got there and there was erm like chestnuts you know horse chestnuts no not horse ch the water chestnuts the one you can eat so there ' s loa those all warmed ready so just start eating those and some nuts and it ' s right they go through so then we had salmon to start
1630. channel is supposed to be very cold oh great now you tell me compared to like the mediterranean or the indian ocean yes oh yes pretty cold um but um well i think it ' s always running the water isn ' t it through the channel one way oh okay one way or the other that keeps it cold oh right yeah and it also slows you down because you sort of have to swim diagonally mm
1633. d that ' s also not much good that ' s really disconcerting having the isle of man there on a different scale no they haven ' t well what ' s that one? wast water apparently it sounds german? mm i ' m ashamed of myself i don ' t know the lake district like the back of my hand i ' ve been there dozens of times see i don ' t know
1634. one up sixty - six er so that ' s sort of so there we go bassenthwaite cockermouth mm i ' ve stayed in cockermouth before it was nice derwent water is that? mm mm mm mm well there ' s a burger king there i suppose it ' ll be in the index won ' t it? what are we looking for? coniston aren '
1636. ' ll wear my s i ' ve got no clothes on i wear a scarf round my head and my sunglasses nobody my best friend wouldn ' t recognise me but it wasn ' t very nice the water was rather warm and not very deep yeah yeah it cos it was like horrible artificial and and it was there in that they made the final so yeah exactly the decision about the jews all that yeah yeah
1652. minimum oh because men go to the toilet and don ' t wash their hands or something? think how easy it is yeah and like even if they do like he might just throw his hand under the water but like true er that ' s also oh god yeah that ' s really gross that ' s one of the that ' s one of the things that also creeps me out about getting with people on
1658. saying about there was two guys who used to to get you know were sitting there going oh yeah yeah yeah i know yeah and then all of a sudden er he said and when you look in the water you do this and they said well let ' s get some water shall we? yeah okay yeah bring the wa so someone bought a five gallon thing of water and put it there and he walked up like
1661. just boils your blood you get you know makes you hot i ' ll snorkel but then i ' m in a wetsuit mm or erm you know in mm a bit in the water but i ' ll be like at least factor fifty but you ' re never you ' re never i ' m not i ' m not in the sun that much getting burnt i mean i don ' t
1662. not in the sun that much getting burnt i mean i don ' t wear wetsuit when i snorkel i just snorkel cos well here no you don ' t need to the water ' s too warm but i ' m a girl i get colcold even when said cos yeah you won ' t be cold here in the summer it ' s like getting into a hot bath
1663. do oh it ' s nowhere near at the coldest it ' s just that i don ' t feel like going in when it ' s cold outside no i don ' t care how warm the water is unless yeah it ' s boiling you know it when i ' m outside i if i ' m cool yeah i don ' t feel like getting in the water i like cold water when you ' re
1664. don ' t care how warm the water is unless yeah it ' s boiling you know it when i ' m outside i if i ' m cool yeah i don ' t feel like getting in the water i like cold water when you ' re when you ' re very very hot especially for the you wanna get in yeah and then it ' s hot yeah the water ' s hot but yeah do you mind
1665. how warm the water is unless yeah it ' s boiling you know it when i ' m outside i if i ' m cool yeah i don ' t feel like getting in the water i like cold water when you ' re when you ' re very very hot especially for the you wanna get in yeah and then it ' s hot yeah the water ' s hot but yeah do you mind if i have a
1666. ' t feel like getting in the water i like cold water when you ' re when you ' re very very hot especially for the you wanna get in yeah and then it ' s hot yeah the water ' s hot but yeah do you mind if i have a tur i ' ll have a turkish tea? no i might have a little bit you want a chai? not quite sure erm
1668. might ' ve escaped this year do you think do you think that god ' s annoyed with us or something? rather than i don ' t quite know rarather than is under the foot of water is your property okay? yeah we ' re on a big hill mm that ' s good oh mm if that floods matey ' ll be ordering an ark which yes you ' ll be able to take
1669. it ' s not a foot deep outside it ' s you know it ' s er it ' s what i ' m worried about in is is because it ' s so low - lying mm that water ' s not gonna go anywhere like you know like is down yeah yeah yeah i think could be down for months it takes an awful long time but the the river does carry everything away you know very quickly
1671. go there we need places to go yes yeah could go to the otherwise we won ' t we ' d go to the have much fun pub right on the coast i mean to be down at the water even on i mean on a day like this would be quite dramatic actually it ' s gonna be yeah yeah very cold then we could go for fish and chips mm oh yes by the erm oh i
1673. up yeah and then the theory is all you need to do is pop up and weed brilliant do a bit of watering but actually like the guy in the plot next to me says he doesn ' t water okay what he did for his raised beds which he made all himself erm he put cardboard down just straight onto the grass mm and then manure and compost on top of that okay and because the
1679. need lots of water no we haven ' t but we ' ve got we got water in the pond we got have we? yeah oh cos you divert it yeah right i div diverted the water butt into the pond the big water butt outside there ' s a pipe goes all the way down so there ' s a pipe underground to the pump that went that the original pipe g i dug it took
1680. ' t but we ' ve got we got water in the pond we got have we? yeah oh cos you divert it yeah right i div diverted the water butt into the pond the big water butt outside there ' s a pipe goes all the way down so there ' s a pipe underground to the pump that went that the original pipe g i dug it took me three weeks to dig to get
1684. goat ' s water down there didn ' t it? mm and now i ' ve joined up the water butt to it cos there ' s no water down there any more so i joined the water butt up to and er that ' s yeah that don ' t fill up very fast er that just seep in seep down mm mm but i went down there this today and there ' s water
1685. butt up to and er that ' s yeah that don ' t fill up very fast er that just seep in seep down mm mm but i went down there this today and there ' s water in there yeah i did we spent ages puddling that didn ' t we? we did puddle puddle puddling all this side it did work for a while it worked for a little while until the worms
1686. ##ddling all this side it did work for a while it worked for a little while until the worms started getting through and the trees start growing in it and the trees grow in it and sucking all the water up yeah we had bul bulrushes in there once didn ' t we? yeah but now don ' t know where they appeared from that don ' t hold water any more and the birds
1687. and sucking all the water up yeah we had bul bulrushes in there once didn ' t we? yeah but now don ' t know where they appeared from that don ' t hold water any more and the birds flying over just put a light on just on the wind isn ' t it really? yeah but w we ' ve got a pair of ducks in the garden all the time yeah
1688. but that ' s see that one ' s had no that that one ' s had nothing done to it that one oh you just took it with a oh yes how do you take get the the water running like that? slower is it? yeah that ' s on my that ' s on my big camera that is yeah yeah mm look at those ferns they ' re lovely aren ' t they? yeah
1689. all and the they s they started to dry out so they had to put them back in again cos they couldn ' t keep keep them in a room keep them wet they needed to get the water over them all the time yeah mm and it ' s gotta be sea water yeah so anyway they ' ve put it back in now stupid waste of time that was weren ' t it? mm yeah it
1690. them back in again cos they couldn ' t keep keep them in a room keep them wet they needed to get the water over them all the time yeah mm and it ' s gotta be sea water yeah so anyway they ' ve put it back in now stupid waste of time that was weren ' t it? mm yeah it ' s it ' s all that money keeps people ' s jobs keeps people
1692. though i mean look at all those christian symbols no yeah did the pagans have a church? no they didn ' t have churches they they praised the land no yeah exactly praised the land praised the water praised the sun praised love well it was nature wasn ' t it? nature yeah so they didn ' t need buildings to praise did they i was thinking those erm i can ' t believe how old
1693. ' t need buildings to praise did they i was thinking those erm i can ' t believe how old those people were living to no that ' s amazing i know there must be something in the water around here oh twenty - five years oh not so good huh that ' s nineteen - thirty though ah nineteen - thirty hmm mm when did the first world war end? first world war nineteen seventeen was it
1695. they don ' t half pack them in but yeah we ' re not far that ' s really good and and we ' re right near er some water as well look i presume that ' s water don ' t know it ' s quite watery this place er erm dunno we oh we ' ve we ' ve been before shall we try and go no we went to the country club there '
1696. ' t do here you know locally it ' s either so yeah got to find something for you to do it ' s your birthday let ' s see what you can do oh yeah yeah yeah do water sports baby dolphins do you want to do baby dolphins? do you want to learn to snorkel? i love baby dolphins i bet they ' re really cute how about would you like to do a
1697. overexcited overexcited and they started having a row and they were really digging at each other and then i discovered that erm was deliberately winding up and i she was under the water with her hand she got a a hold to a bit of him and she was twisting a bit of flesh on his leg or his bum or something like that till he squealed and was really so she was
1703. ##tors then yeah yeah the uv lights uv lights and well also well infrared you know heat yeah heat lamps yeah yeah energy is needed um and you need to buy f the compost yeah got to uh water them so i mean and they put like proper farmers you know proper like sprinklers and that the irrigation systems yeah yeah it ' s all very well very well done you see i know i '
1707. changing form what the rule that we that we were talked yes my my my dad used to get really angry because i grew up near here and we like with the the glottal stop so like water oh yes yes and he ' d be like pronounce it water and it it wasn ' t he used to think i did it deliberately to annoy him and and it wasn ' t it was
1708. my dad used to get really angry because i grew up near here and we like with the the glottal stop so like water oh yes yes and he ' d be like pronounce it water and it it wasn ' t he used to think i did it deliberately to annoy him and and it wasn ' t it was just how i spoke it was how all my friends spoke yeah and it
1712. the sea somehow? well i don ' t know yeah uh i suppose like that that ' s the most efficient that you know with the with um reserv r reservoirs presumably you have to store water in a reservoir you can ' t store it in in in some way to prevent it from evaporating i don ' t think plants like sea water that much in the sea? don ' t know
1713. ##erv r reservoirs presumably you have to store water in a reservoir you can ' t store it in in in some way to prevent it from evaporating i don ' t think plants like sea water that much in the sea? don ' t know i guess well a l a lidded reservoir? no i suppose it always does evaporate it would be quite a big lid for the reservoir yeah
1714. but you ' re right it ' s rained all day today cos cos it ' s it seems that the volume is there you i mean yeah somehow anyway but i bet they ' ll still water the grass at king ' s and all that they ' ll just pay it won ' t they? um i don ' t know uh they they they would be pretty exempt i imagine cos they '
1715. like a fletton bricks yeah i mean you know it just looks and and sometime as well in the past there ' d been either a leaky gutter or something like that yeah so the water had been running down the front and and staining the brick wall yeah so the brick work ' s all sort of stained at the front i mean it really doesn ' t look very nice but sort of
1716. in foreign hands it doesn ' t matter because it ' s eventually owned by the world but it ' s not it ' s these great big huge yeah conglomerates mm that ' s right and anglia water i think belongs to some french company i think anglia water is still anglia water actually is it? i thought electricity is french the electricity is french there ' s a lot of there ' s a lot of
1719. germany i mean n - power is german edf is french yeah edf that ' s the one and they sort of a lot of other companies as well mm but i mean like things like thames water belongs to singapore doesn ' t it? or something is it singapore is it? somewhere like that and then you get the canadian teachers pension fund own god knows what you know god that ' s i mean
1725. these new houses be on on a metre? yeah every every house has got no there are houses but everyone we know is on metre but what a man is is that if there is a shortage of water yeah so much so that everyone ' s got uh be careful how they use it how come they can get permission to have four more four new people that ' s right yeah mm just like that? and
1727. bleach with those ones yeah don ' t you remember though and i never did do it but i knew somebody she used to get her jeans mm and she ' d get in the bath of water yeah to shrink them so they ' d then fit her really hot yeah yeah er but she would also then sort of stick them stones around them and elastic bands and that er and then put bleach
1731. about a thousand in the normal toothpaste so it ' s five times but you ' re not little kids aren ' t meant to use it no no erm they won ' t in the water it ' s in the water now? that ' s in the water yeah i think if we ' d had fluoride tablets when we were kids our teeth probably would have been much better yeah that
1732. toothpaste so it ' s five times but you ' re not little kids aren ' t meant to use it no no erm they won ' t in the water it ' s in the water now? that ' s in the water yeah i think if we ' d had fluoride tablets when we were kids our teeth probably would have been much better yeah that ' s right we had awful
1733. times but you ' re not little kids aren ' t meant to use it no no erm they won ' t in the water it ' s in the water now? that ' s in the water yeah i think if we ' d had fluoride tablets when we were kids our teeth probably would have been much better yeah that ' s right we had awful teeth haven ' t we? yeah well
1737. think i don ' t know you don ' t salt meat it can be very bland yeah you shouldn ' t salt beef what do you mean you should salt beef before you cook it because all the water all the juices leech out of it you salt and pepper don ' t you? oh i apparently yeah like joints of beef and stuff like that any beef i ' ve been told yeah but you
1738. something you shouldn ' t salt it i wouldn ' t salt a steak before frying it cos it makes it dries it out doesn ' t it? yeah because it draws out all the water i don ' t salt my steaks no yeah that ' s fine you pepper it don ' t you? oh yeah salt at the end do you need to go shall we wash up or shall we
1741. it ' s a bit further down yes but you could see from the plane all the way this yeah and then you could see the sand in the distance and i never realised it ' s so much water in sweden it yeah huge lakes tiny lakes it ' s so it ' s all like broken up isn ' t it? it ' s just and it ' s really rocky yes you were just saying that
1742. okay yeah yeah so that was very interesting sculpture we ' ve got a photo of that that was by the fish market that was nice yes so very sea based obviously because yeah it ' s er fish water they ' re seafaring but n the oldest building was only sixteen forty something wasn ' t it? something like that wasn ' t it? yes yes oh fantastic building that ' s the oldest building
1743. like the top of there ' s of street but you see whenever they put those that those slabs in down by erm the tower mm you know those funny ones where they catch a tiny bit of water that then freezes? yeah that was quite poorly thought through and it sounds like yes this was quite yeah poorly thought through as well but talking of wearing high heels i forgot to tell you when i went
1744. more about i feel that would always be the way cos was always more sort of in the front and ' s marching tomorrow in in erm against something or other right is very militant they introduced water rates in ireland only yes only this year yes yeah and she ' d been marching marching against that and i i i mean i h i have i have to say to anyone who cares to ask me i
1745. i think on the boats oh yes and what happened? yeah someone collapsed we were not far out of america oh yes we suddenly turned back and then oddly enough a helicopter thing landed by us like on water oh right oh yes took her away last we saw of her oh right yes yes yes yeah well you ' ve said it ' s happened to you on the cruises yes yes it has we ' ve been
1746. no another one another one yes yes i know we stayed down there somewhere the holiday inns yes mm cos you were i took you there last time to right by the waterfront oh is that the water just over on there yes? er this is a different one on sort of a bit just out of southampton sounds rather nice if looks after all these holidays it ' s nice isn ' t it? i
1747. ' s traffic cos okay yeah it should be coming out of but just in case right we ought to go yes see what you mean mm yes i ' m ready course my car ' s in water but i had a bit of a problem with it i mean quite minor really it ' s just the seat belt got jammed oh dear just no way and i took it to the garage and he said oh
1749. er okay plates away? um but good luck with thank you your er thank you good luck with your cross channel attempt mm it ' s quite adventurous that well yeah er it i love swimming in open water and i ' m pretty resistant to cold yeah so between the two it ' s seemed like quite are you gonna grease yourself up for it? there ' s two schools of thought on that are you gonna
1751. when they take the job officially hippocratic oath oh nice another word for a tax? levy no another one if something ' s not above it ' s below er the romans built it for transporting water over a bridge viaduct no water aqueduct aqueduct er einstein had a famous theory theory of relativity er another word for bac bacteria is a type of microbe no no erm richard whiteley presented this programme
1752. hippocratic oath oh nice another word for a tax? levy no another one if something ' s not above it ' s below er the romans built it for transporting water over a bridge viaduct no water aqueduct aqueduct er einstein had a famous theory theory of relativity er another word for bac bacteria is a type of microbe no no erm richard whiteley presented this programme this this morning richard whiteley
1758. ll i ' ll learn in summer learn to drive does your sister miss erm? just look at the south of look at how beautiful that is oh it ' s just so pretty look at the water i know i dunno where that is actually i ' m not very good with directions yeah i think the south of ' s prettiest are you in south? erm yeah i suppose somewhere in
1759. whale in the zoo have you? how have they got a pool big enough to put a killer whale in the zoo? yeah cos they train them don ' t they to throw them out the water and stuff no that ' s not a whale wasn ' t it? or was that a dolphin? i don ' t think they have any whales in zoos they do no they don ' t they
1760. it? or was that a dolphin? i don ' t think they have any whales in zoos they do no they don ' t they do cos then they jump they jump out of the water and everyone gets splashed how? but they ' re too big they do well you have a big pool don ' t you i mean not very big well you can tell i haven ' t been to a
1768. well and then a piece of land a piece of land before house yeah you know you put the house on after but in in on my piece of land i ' d like like a little bit of water whether it ' s a river or a lake or something this is this is my perfection a river? a river or a lake a river or a lake okay yeah er not that fussy you see i
1776. getting around and but even spain it ' s green you can argue is quite easy access yeah i think i think so oh it is yeah yeah yeah i do like green i wonder what happened to my water hills and mind if i have that one? still thanks yeah you ' re right it ' s a it ' s a totally different you wouldn ' t be able to you ' d have to live there
1784. suite this evening and it was still trickling since this morning anyway that ' s a lot of water and so apparently now we ' ve got no outdoor water is it is it water that is it water that you ' re just? it ' s coming from your the rain yeah it ' s not it ' s not connected water it ' s not it ' s not us we ' re not spending a
1789. the middle and the and the you know and the the bridge part up there so the boat could go underneath oh so they didn ' t put the and then and it came down again bridge into the water? yeah yeah no it was really weird oh right er really strange very strange and she used to come from there and and i er i mean she was in the office quite early but er she must '
1794. you know do so much so great yeah it ' s good though isn ' t it? these sort of like oh let ' s learn to ski well people kept saying to us cos of the water skiing oh you ought to do it you ought to do it yeah cos you did that didn ' t you? mm and was always well maybe if we ' ve got time i don ' t know
1795. and i was sort of i don ' t like the cold i ' m not really competitive yeah i ' m not you know i ' ll potter round on a couple of skis behind the boat water skiing but for me it ' s more sitting next to the lake in the sun you know yeah and i ' m i ' m not that into the the the you know big water ski side of it
1796. behind the boat water skiing but for me it ' s more sitting next to the lake in the sun you know yeah and i ' m i ' m not that into the the the you know big water ski side of it yeah so when so when you when they he said to you about going then did you sort of think mm well? well some fre some friends of ours said about it and i
1802. or four cancellations is it? no no okay so all good really how do they feel your feet? feel lovely good feel nice and light? yeah so just keep erm on top of your water yeah will do hopefully did you have a good night ' s sleep that night you had? erm can ' t remember can ' t remember no it ' s too long ago to remeremember
1804. you? mm it ' s like it ' s like all them floods it ' s like what would you do? like i saw this picture on facebook earlier basically someone ' s conservatory doors and the water was up there on the conservatory doors mm and it ' s just like i can ' t even imagine that like yeah well do you remember when we had to do that news report in my french seminar?
1805. had to do that news report in my french seminar? the guy who was the foreign correspondent like down in london yeah yeah above the floods he showed a picture of his friend ' s house and the water was like up to here really? and there was just it was like a swimming pool inside their house and that was in london just what what would what do you do? like that takes so much time
1806. ##m cos where they live they live just five minutes away from the town centre and basically they l the to stop the town centre flooding they flooded where they live instead so they redirected the water to where they live lovely and flooded them instead so it took them two years oh god of living a caravan and hotels for the insurance company to fix everything replace everything it ' s so horrible isn ' t
1807. so it took them two years oh god of living a caravan and hotels for the insurance company to fix everything replace everything it ' s so horrible isn ' t it? cos the thing is with water you can ' t just like l you ' ve got to let it dry out you ' ve got to let all the beams and all the supports and all the foundations and everything else and the ground underneath
1808. you can start like repairing stuff and fixing stuff and it just took it two years two years it took it ' s awful and the whole place was just like iit were like up to here in water mm it was so bad i remember years and years ago when i still lived in england i went up to my grandad ' s er in yeah and there was a really really bad flood that year i
1809. a really really bad flood that year i was about five four or five erm so obviously i was really really small yeah but i had to spend the day on my dad ' s shoulders because the water was up to his waist like really? i would ' ve i would ' ve drowned and i just remem i don ' t remember much of it obviously i was so young but i just remember
1811. ' s black ones now as well tomatoes? black tomatoes? well they ' re like deep purple deep purple yeah deep purple tomatoes like that group you know like aubergine type thing almost yeah smoky water? wasn ' t it? smo smoke on the water s yeah that ' s it smoke on the water yeah what are you two talking about? we ' re talking about tomatoes we ' re talking
1812. well they ' re like deep purple deep purple yeah deep purple tomatoes like that group you know like aubergine type thing almost yeah smoky water? wasn ' t it? smo smoke on the water s yeah that ' s it smoke on the water yeah what are you two talking about? we ' re talking about tomatoes we ' re talking about deep purple well i think i ' ve done enough haven
1813. deep purple tomatoes like that group you know like aubergine type thing almost yeah smoky water? wasn ' t it? smo smoke on the water s yeah that ' s it smoke on the water yeah what are you two talking about? we ' re talking about tomatoes we ' re talking about deep purple well i think i ' ve done enough haven ' t i? probably you need a lot of
1814. you? a moneymaker? yeah what? that ' s do you have do you have to shake your moneymaker? yeah i think they ' re about the same as these ones what if you water it? yes money will grow? yes that ' s what they called them moneymaker tomatoes that ' s what they are oh they ' re tomatoes oh yes and they why? do they cost a lot
1817. yes and then erm i was thinking along the lines of a red sail and a jetty very nice erm and er you know erm a bit like when we went on derwent water yes where we were watching the boats and the the grass was and and the trees were growing right down to the lakeside weren ' t they? yes absolutely and and the a bit of green bit of blue
1819. that what there might be numerically more of them but i doubt it might not be in terms of pure volume yeah more of them but there probably is okay okay both and of course we probably have water rats here mm? well we probably get you know i mean water rats is a totally different animal erm but we probably have water rats here i can ' t remember where i heard this but in some
1820. it might not be in terms of pure volume yeah more of them but there probably is okay okay both and of course we probably have water rats here mm? well we probably get you know i mean water rats is a totally different animal erm but we probably have water rats here i can ' t remember where i heard this but in some town in ireland they reached a they had like a really big problem
1821. but there probably is okay okay both and of course we probably have water rats here mm? well we probably get you know i mean water rats is a totally different animal erm but we probably have water rats here i can ' t remember where i heard this but in some town in ireland they reached a they had like a really big problem with giant rats roaming around mm yes yeah it was something dunno
1822. incredibly painful which is? the false widow oh there ' s been two cases in ireland in the last twelve months really? with people getting bitten by false widow spiders and you have you are surrounded by water? mm so they just rode in they come from the canaries is er somewhere and st patrick got rid of all the snakes didn ' t he? on fruit and things that they ride in on allegedly
1825. to me erm maybe it wasn ' t sophie ellis - bextor? is it baby dee? no no no no no i wouldn ' t just knowing you knowing me? ah ha best water slide you went on today? it depends what you mean by best well funnest for for like novelty uhu definitely like the big one i can ' t remember what it ' s called tornado?
1826. really liked it when it started to go up the sides yeah that shit me up i just thought this is really cool mm but i wasn ' t like scared yeah that ' s cos you like water and i don ' t no i don ' t know that other one takes quite a lot to to sort of fear me now the one you you the one you told me to go down which one?
1827. oh yeah with that thing i did tell you it ' s really fast it was horrendous it was horrend it it wasn ' t the speed it was the fact that there was water shooting at me in my face you literally i got in it ' s was your feet that caused it wasn ' t it? didn ' t mind no no that ' s what happened to me i got
1830. something down you can get more of it in don ' t be silly you can ' t make a litre of water go into less than a litre of water it becomes something else that ' s with water what ' s this? but if you have a c o one what ' s this? not heard that before no anyway i ' m just saying it ' s a it ' s a very small amount
1831. you okay fair enough but on a yacht that ' s the size of fire extinguisher you get yeah well yachts are quite small not all of them and you ' re also surrounded by water in a yacht that ' s funnily enough that doesn ' t help if you ' ve got a fire that ' s gonna be quite that ' s gonna be quite helpful it do i think it
1835. northumbriashire oh good god i actually forgot about my home county that took a while didn ' t it? god rutland is that a county? yeah smallest county in england rutland county rutland rutland water i think there ' s thirty counties mm there seems to be a bloody lot of them southampton? is that a county? no no southampton must be in sussex no wessex? is that funny? i don
1840. they ' re looking for you oh it ' s coming they ' re looking for you oh no you didn ' t tell em did you? well oh accident no they ' ve gone accident on the water site or something probably yeah mm well that could be now i ' ve lost my thread of what we were talking about what were we talking about? erm yeah sunday night seems to be now although it
1841. eat the g er the rat he was like no man that ' s just really yeah they were like i ' m glad we didn ' t have enough cash on us cos they were like proper water rats you know what i mean? like big old rats with a stick through it yeah and then these little ones and then smaller rats and i only had enough money for two we just change i was just
1842. ##real and you ' re not a very good swimmer are you honey? no and so i was out on my own and you know it was pretty cloudy no i ' m not very good in open water i get nervous and a i ' d always been told that again ' s voice in my head that yes this sea crate is very very very poisonous but it ' s quite docile yeah and its man
1843. yeah and its manda its mouth ' s really small so it can only bite you here or here or in between the toes yeah so you ' re probably alright i got hit by something in the water swam back in came out and i had two teeth mark just here on my hand and i got ' s voice in my head you know you know you ' ve got three minutes left to live she was
1845. it it ' s yeah you ' re right you ' re gonna die mm yeah once it ' s penetrated you did you have as well? they ' re allergic to water aren ' t they? water yeah it ' s acrophobia i mean it ' s just yeah you die of thirst when you have your body repels water you die of thirst it is literally they also attack your nervous system
1862. broke down yeah but we ' re fucked anyway now cos we ' re on a meter yeah yeah yeah yeah mm mm no no we don ' t even know what ' s going on with that water no we do our like our the water company we ' re for half an hour it still doesn ' t get through to it mm then i mentioned it to a plumber and they were like but when
1865. mean in they dredged they literally drenched an area of the sea up they ' ve done it twice and like we were living in the first area that they dredged this was all under water like ten years ago like ten years ago but now we were living in it and then this other area called population they dredged from the sea and just built shit loads of high - rise there shit
1868. they mm who they ' ve picked up english from if they have if they ' ve lived somewhere in england mm you can tell when they have lived there within a month of us teaching them they say water and this kind of stuff mm the first year it really throws them off mm ah they ' re like water? sometimes mm mm they don ' t really seem water water we did have some students there was
1869. mm you can tell when they have lived there within a month of us teaching them they say water and this kind of stuff mm the first year it really throws them off mm ah they ' re like water? sometimes mm mm they don ' t really seem water water we did have some students there was i met some guy from romania who learned english from the cartoon network yeah nickelodeon nickeolodeon something
1870. month of us teaching them they say water and this kind of stuff mm the first year it really throws them off mm ah they ' re like water? sometimes mm mm they don ' t really seem water water we did have some students there was i met some guy from romania who learned english from the cartoon network yeah nickelodeon nickeolodeon something like that that shit yeah yeah yeah and yeah american films
1871. of us teaching them they say water and this kind of stuff mm the first year it really throws them off mm ah they ' re like water? sometimes mm mm they don ' t really seem water water we did have some students there was i met some guy from romania who learned english from the cartoon network yeah nickelodeon nickeolodeon something like that that shit yeah yeah yeah and yeah american films most
1873. other cafe yesterday that was with your bare hands wasn ' t it? with my bare hands they ' re vines aren ' t they? see that birdy? oh i saw a heron that the water ' s very like greeny isn ' t it? green isn ' t it yeah mm murky don ' t know what that is got sticks in it oh it feels better for some food right i
1877. see the sea is that the sea or is it a mountain? oh no it ' s the sea and a mountain vaguely is he coming? rovinj with its brightly painted houses reflected in the water that looks nice huddled onto a steep sided peninsula crowned by a venetian style church it was the most attractive town in istria and one of the prettiest spots on the entire croatian coastline looks quite pretty
1878. i think we were saying how many words that are similar in spanish and italian yeah i ' ve seen a lot of spanish words lots of likenesses oh mum insulted a spanish man on the erm water taxi on the vaporetto he looked probably in this sixties didn ' t he? it was him his wife and another man their friend it looked like and mum offered him her seat and he was rea
1879. to be the place to go on holiday yes there was an englishman who made his home in venice swam from the lido all the way up the grand canal they said in days when it was cleaner water right wouldn ' t do that now then they reckon they ' ve cleaned it up a lot oh right i was gonna say you ' d think they ' ve had a scheme to clean it they came empty
1883. happen kind of assuming the girls won ' t wanna run around in the mud well it ' s a i ' m in the kitchen all the time and actually the um you know you get lots of water spilt on s on you so actually having waterproof er shoes is quite nice i forgot my running trousers so i can ' t run round in the mud anyway did you see those um snowfl
1887. think the more you use a moisturiser the more you need it the more your skin needs them yeah and i used to have really dry hands but because i ' ve been like really hammering the water i haven ' t had dried hands and it ' s been like and i rarely wear gloves because i ' m such a forgetful oh yeah oh good good because you ' ve been yeah okay so hydra
1890. go there when we went to peru didn ' t you? there was the one yeah wanted to deck us out but we didn there just wasn ' t time oh mm well there are so many the water you can see it i mean you ' re okay just nip out to the broads and pretend that was lake titicaca oh i don ' t think it would be quite the same yeah no
1891. oh terrible oh yeah vine weed yeah that ' s terrible that yeah i ' ve got it in the greenhouse so i ' m right got to get it so i ' m going i am going to water all with this killer mm yeah yeah but it may be too cold now cos if they ' re not eating mm it won ' t kill it ' ll only kill them if they eat the plant yeah
1892. be much yeah yeah oh the these bits though that i when i did the tuber bits the two bits i should have done it earlier really but you know are you? those bits that were in water? yeah that one it ' s definitely oh there we are that one ' s definitely there and this one still looks healthy it is so if i ' d have done it earlier in the year i think
1893. the year i think i ' d have got some good stuff so yeah never thought of doing cuttings from begonias really but well unless they ' re nice fleshy things i should think in water they probably do live quite well yeah i heard that you you can only do it from well yes it ' s the case isn ' t it if they flower you can ' t can ' t take cutting
1894. have written on the table mm we ' re just protecting it aren ' t we? yeah yeah mm we don ' t want to carve our names in it yet no you could do or get water marks with a or get water marks and we we like the yeah and yes we could do no i don ' t think so i could write i could bring you round all the i didn ' t i
1895. we ' re just protecting it aren ' t we? yeah yeah mm we don ' t want to carve our names in it yet no you could do or get water marks with a or get water marks and we we like the yeah and yes we could do no i don ' t think so i could write i could bring you round all the i didn ' t i you er no and do it
1898. know waking up? that ' s it there we go let ' s hope you ' re gonna like having er water on your head in the church you better be on your best behaviour you like the water don ' t you? yeah oh you were gonna go swimming today yeah i know were you gonna go with erm still? maybe i ' ll go with on thursday ah yes i ' ll text and
1899. take auntie and see what she ' s doing on thursday and we ' ll go swimming i can come and watch again oh yes and start shouting my mummy ' s dropping you dumping you in the water ah right oh so much fun ah said has still got his cold oh dear she says he can ' t hear a thing he ' s all bunged up and she goes it ' s so annoying well
1901. yeah it may well have been you ' re right western united states but regardless of what it may or may not have been quebec japan hasn ' t changed size no it would have to take up the water ontario i mean there ' s korea right? japan it should be about like that next to korea oh america ' s gonna be mine it only just slightly comes down past korea so it ' s gonna be
1902. well i ' m going for siam with india no with indonesia you ready? mother mutter? i is ready oh really? four oh i ' m sorry that was a childlike where ' s this water come from? it came from i mean obviously alright we played conkers didn ' t we? me and you did yeah but i that ' s that ' s a that ' s two er yeah that
1904. i haven ' t been doing these kind of things so i don ' t i there ' s so many variables mm it ' s very difficult to tell mm mm what is causing anything was it the water in korea? i it ' s gone away now but i was having terrible dry eyebrows yeah last time i saw you and dry scalp and like itchy beard was it the water in korea? what what
1905. anything was it the water in korea? i it ' s gone away now but i was having terrible dry eyebrows yeah last time i saw you and dry scalp and like itchy beard was it the water in korea? what what is it? yeah yeah what ' s causing these things? oh don ' t know do you need any more shampoo? erm not at the moment no okay probably around
1909. otter yeah otter i think i ' d have a ssquirrel ' d go up in the trees and jump between and squirrel squirrel yeah yeah no i think an otter cos i just love water squirrels are stupid pick pick nuts off the trees and hurl them at people at people squirrel definitely go on then exactly that ' s alright erm you ' re dead not a promising start you ' re
1910. say good morning that was a good one wasn ' t it that one? i just imagined if i had one i ' d choose i ' d choose gills provided that they work when you are in water good eh? gills yeah exactly well you assume they work but so i take it they don ' t come back yeah a blowhole would be quite cool as well because whales have blow holes er good morning
1911. my arm to rest on? yeah i would erm no i think i ' d rather have gills gills are a bit ugly aren ' t they? well if they worked you could then swim under water yeah yeah you could swim if you could actually go under water and breathe in no the blowhole ' s just for breathing when you come to the surface yeah breathe air yeah but yeah gotta take they can
1912. i think i ' d rather have gills gills are a bit ugly aren ' t they? well if they worked you could then swim under water yeah yeah you could swim if you could actually go under water and breathe in no the blowhole ' s just for breathing when you come to the surface yeah breathe air yeah but yeah gotta take they can go under water as well you gotta take yeah but you need
1913. could swim if you could actually go under water and breathe in no the blowhole ' s just for breathing when you come to the surface yeah breathe air yeah but yeah gotta take they can go under water as well you gotta take yeah but you need the enormous lungs you don ' t have the enormous lungs you but not but not for as long no no gives you yeah limited breathing it ' d be like
1916. ' d have to be no cos i hate the cold yeah but at least you if you yeah which one would kill you quicker though? if you die of cold if you ' re out of water you ' re like hallucinating yeah yeah delirious then you go mad don ' t you? yeah yeah but cold mm but you ' d just fall asleep yeah i would you ' re cold
1918. loo so are you sailing? doing any sailing? well i ' m not no no he ' ll probably hire a motor boat cos you won ' t be able to keep him off the water but eh we ' re not having a a yacht unless ' s down there too bloody expensive who ' s? he ' s the rigger of the boatyards oh yes yeah and he spends quite
1919. er i haven ' t er no no but i mean it ' s iin the summer down there yeah it ' s quite feasible to do it yeah it is sort of thing cos the yeah water temperature does get quite good down there yeah i ' m sure in in the summer yes er especially if you get into the bay sort of thing yeah the water temperature can come up quite considerably yeah i was
1920. is sort of thing cos the yeah water temperature does get quite good down there yeah i ' m sure in in the summer yes er especially if you get into the bay sort of thing yeah the water temperature can come up quite considerably yeah i was taken out by some people in once who had a little a small erm little p a powerboat and i i was taken out and then they stopped and
1921. good swimmer but the thing is if you just go round the boat and yeah that ' s it and stay close there ' s someone who does sing er swim well yeah you know and being in salt water you always seem a bit more buoyant in salt water as well oh exactly exactly rather than sw a swimming pool and so can you swim well? i can swim enough if i if my life depended
1922. boat and yeah that ' s it and stay close there ' s someone who does sing er swim well yeah you know and being in salt water you always seem a bit more buoyant in salt water as well oh exactly exactly rather than sw a swimming pool and so can you swim well? i can swim enough if i if my life depended on it i could swim well enough but if i ' m
1924. them in water yeah you can see that these have already tried to grow see the telescopic bit that ' s come up? oh yeah it ' s trying to grow nice what kind of curry are we having?
1926. was can canteen stuff yeah you ' d take your tray there ' s a trolley there that ' s it yeah tray down the bottom bit bits in the thing yeah cutlery in the yeah in the water just like erm youth hostels youth hostels yeah yeah and erm the table was empty and she said oh my phone was there where ' s my phone? oh dear so we ' re looking
1940. should have eaten your easter your christmas chocolate by then please don ' t do well if you do i ' m gonna tto if well wants me to do pranks on like chucking yeah bombs water balloons and throwing water balloons at him yep right can you sit down at the table and finish your breakfast please? thank you jack - in - the - box good grief i ' m making an l -
1941. easter your christmas chocolate by then please don ' t do well if you do i ' m gonna tto if well wants me to do pranks on like chucking yeah bombs water balloons and throwing water balloons at him yep right can you sit down at the table and finish your breakfast please? thank you jack - in - the - box good grief i ' m making an l - shape well before then
1942. your kindle on your tongue wow mm well it ' s fallen down now so is there anywhere you would like to go somewhere new? shall i make it a magical mystery tour? it could be water - based or theme park - based huh oh oh oh i want what? legoland or we could go to legoland then yes mama that ' s where i wanted to to that ' s what i
1943. point and this has to be warm the wilder wood cos we didn ' t go last year? i ' m quite scared of what if the boat falls over and you ' ll go in the water? has the boat ever fallen over? yeah when? well one of my friends at school said that when they went to wilder wood the boat the boat fell over and they weren ' t in they totally
1944. that ' s a complete lie isn ' t it? does it i think boat isn ' t it? that ' s you making that up but not i ' m do they actually sail on the water? mm or do they have like things they don ' t s don ' t sail they ' ve got a motor but the boats are never known to capsize but even if they did it ' s
1945. capsize but even if they did it ' s a tiny lake and and you can swim and i will be with you but the boat has never capsized ever alright well don ' t do the water bit then don ' t do the river bit the lake bit you could do everything else can ' t you? but how do we get across without doing the river bit? we just walk mm? you
1946. then you go down and it real and then you go down super super super super super super super fast and then it ends and then it ends i don ' t want to do that is it with water splashing you? erm well you are on a water thing so it ' s gonna be wet you would get wet yeah no way no? i didn ' t get very wet there was one you
1947. super super super super super super super fast and then it ends and then it ends i don ' t want to do that is it with water splashing you? erm well you are on a water thing so it ' s gonna be wet you would get wet yeah no way no? i didn ' t get very wet there was one you could get wet in at legoland wasn ' t there?
1948. to with dad? gulliver ' s what is it gulliver ' s travels or something? gulliver ' s mm it ' s a theme park mm and there was this like water balloon and it was really real and i was wearing a summer dress mm and i got soaked you see that was alright so it ' s nothing to do with gulliver the story gulliver it
1949. really like that bit when it flips yikes like squeezes in and mama and it flips they ' re adding a new bit to it are they? it ' s dodgem cars in water oh dodge dodgem cars in water? yeah oh oh cool they have like this thing where you ' re in a boat team and i think you ' re dri and you ' re driving around and
1950. ##s yikes like squeezes in and mama and it flips they ' re adding a new bit to it are they? it ' s dodgem cars in water oh dodge dodgem cars in water? yeah oh oh cool they have like this thing where you ' re in a boat team and i think you ' re dri and you ' re driving around and it ' s like you ' re
1951. boom boom boom on the beat all the time oh he ' s spent his whole life looking after erm his his son who was born with hypersypholcoccolus or something he had water on the brain and he ' s he ' s been three years old all his life yeah and he died just a few days before the performance so he really? he wasn ' t there oh really sad
1952. t know i suppose it ' s seaw mm bit dodgy but it ' s the one that come through the showers and it ' s erm oh no that ' s the geyser water but they added er something to that but there ' s salmon in the river in the middle of the city you could fish for salmon that ' s cool mm there was a seal in the city river that
1954. tower no i th no the next one along isn ' t it? oh they ' ve got like the bridge i suppose they get their i suppose they used to get the erm energy from the water mill or something mm oh i don ' t know yeah it ' s a pretty big bi village i don ' t know how any people live there but they all commute don ' t they? what
1955. actually charging me less it ' s de erm it ' s decent the company ' s doing and they ' re actually doing what they ' re supposed to do cos mm i rung the water board said they kept they wanna go and check the meter and they kept asking me could they s fix up a time for them to come in cos they think i live there although they ' re sending
1956. to come in cos they think i live there although they ' re sending mails here and like and bills here mm i rung the i rung the people and said to them look thames water wanna come and check the meter could you arrange a time so that somebody could be there either one of the tenants or one of yourselves so that somebody could be there mm to sort it out and could you
1957. check the meter could you arrange a time so that somebody could be there either one of the tenants or one of yourselves so that somebody could be there mm to sort it out and could you ring thames water and sort with them and he give me all sorts of crap of why they couldn ' t erm they couldn ' t guarantee that there would be somebody that that was avai be avail i said well
1958. them the i rung up and gave them the agency number yeah but since this since this erm company ' s been charged they ' ve taken over they ' ve actually they went and read the water meter and went and read the electric meter mm and i haven ' t paid electric for any electricity for two quarters because they couldn ' t get in they were estimating the bill right that can well that
1966. drag the catch of the day all the lobster crates oh yeah up the stream to the market in the city centre so all the actual passed all the houses yeah so all the streets actually used to be water like almost like venice yeah yeah er and then green is quite a popular colour so that would be the sign again to the motorway over the air conditioning units and where we i didn ' t realise that it
1968. beach yeah really the main things we ' re seeing is people playing volleyball oh yeah yeah running things like that really not playing a lot of sport not playing a lot of football on the beach you could water them yeah on the balcony we have haven ' t we? yeah and a few like cactuses more than anything else oh yeah but hopefully in the summer we can build like a staircase to the roof and
1969. well yeah it ' s and it damages the wood a lot it really it brings out the damp as well so we ' ve had to buy an anti - damp machine like a machine that sucks the water out the air and fills up fall up about two pints of water in an afternoon what you have one in the house? yeah because there was mould growing on the on the walls but honestly it
1976. i ' m gonna ask for next oh oh god oh why don ' t i get the easy questions ever? oh oh please what does the heart pump around the body? oh is it is it water? well done you ' ll never make it through medical school and look at me now being a surgeon specialising in the heart which as we all know pumps urine around the body right er your turn yes it
1981. whole thing it ' s still clicking oh it ' s not fifteen minutes until it boils okay and this is called simmering simmering simmering is when it ' s bubbling like this and the water ' s boiling shall i use two hands when putting it to a different one? it ' s always best to use like a more like to keep steady depends how confident you are if you ' re maybe
1982. their anniversary and er i think it was her thirtieth anniversary mm and they picked loads of things to do yeah cyprus was she? excursions on it that was white r er the white water raf right rafting yeah yeah yeah and um she won fifty - two pound at bingo they did the jump wire mm zip wires oh yeah? they did all sorts on it they did safari as well they
1983. them are absolutely massive they ' re about three or fours storeys it ' s got everything though ain ' t it? it ' s yeah got a swimming pool swimming pools theatres is it the ocean water they have in the swimming pools that they pump up? or is it just like a swimming pool? no fresh water ain ' t it no they have it ' s er fresh water fresh water in it
1988. about those we ' ll have to er see how they get on really yeah mm i have got some little cuttings in the bathroom of a well there ' s an aluminium plant erm in some water er they seem far less common than they used to be no you can ' t get that so i was trying to keep that one on because it is i i ought to cut the tops off and do
1989. because they ' re getting very tall and thin but i ' m worried about losing them completely cos i haven ' t really seen any about no er so and they do seem to like being in water so that ' s why i ' ve left them like that erm and next to it in another little pot there ' s some philodendron i believe it is sweetheart vine plant which erm
1990. and next to it in another little pot there ' s some philodendron i believe it is sweetheart vine plant which erm has heart - shaped leaves for its name and that likes being in water so i ' ve left those cuttings in water for quite a time and i noticed the other day that it ' s very cheeky one of them erm has put out a a shoot which they
1991. s some philodendron i believe it is sweetheart vine plant which erm has heart - shaped leaves for its name and that likes being in water so i ' ve left those cuttings in water for quite a time and i noticed the other day that it ' s very cheeky one of them erm has put out a a shoot which they do and they ca you can root from those shoots
1992. of them erm has put out a a shoot which they do and they ca you can root from those shoots and it ' s stretched across and stuck its new roots in the other one ' s water ah so they ' re like in a chain which reminded me of your orchid yeah that was in the next pot to another orchid in your bathroom and it and it put its roots in its neighbour ' s
1993. it seemed to be progressing its root and its root was resting on my flannel yes so er very it ' s a different way of getting your flannel dry having an orchid drink the water off it but er you know the spiky plants at your house that no sorry not at your house at ' s house yes that came from probably originally? yes yes there ' s about half a
1994. spiky plants at your house that no sorry not at your house at ' s house yes that came from probably originally? yes yes there ' s about half a dozen of them just sitting in water oh well s s er some are in water and some are in little tiny pots oh well i think most of them are in water but they may have got too cold as well oh although they normally live
1995. sorry not at your house at ' s house yes that came from probably originally? yes yes there ' s about half a dozen of them just sitting in water oh well s s er some are in water and some are in little tiny pots oh well i think most of them are in water but they may have got too cold as well oh although they normally live in my north face they seem to like it
1996. yes there ' s about half a dozen of them just sitting in water oh well s s er some are in water and some are in little tiny pots oh well i think most of them are in water but they may have got too cold as well oh although they normally live in my north face they seem to like it in my north - facing sticky out window i think they look quite poorly sitting in water
1997. but they may have got too cold as well oh although they normally live in my north face they seem to like it in my north - facing sticky out window i think they look quite poorly sitting in water i ' m thinking about taking them into productive protective custody you think i should have them taken from me? well i don ' t know until you can you know and and i can until i ' m
2000. the crust was torn off and formed the moon when the earth was in early development you see it got ripped off that ' s right yeah so you had a big chunk of crust and the rest was water and over time it ' s tried to balance itself up yeah so it ' s moved apart and so bits that moved there when it separated they then began to genetically develop independently mm and so you know traits
2002. it got wet? no no it ' s okay? it ' s been brilliant so you kept the rain away? yeah yeah cos that ' s the one thing that really worried me was the water getting in and it moving yeah no er erm well the only thing is the edge isn ' t it? the very edge mm? where the it ' s not it ' s this tile and then
2004. we set off erm from home and we got about a mile out and we were stopped by a young woman who said you can ' t go that way it ' s a foot of water under the bridge anyway we proceeded and went under it and we were alright and then we got on the a6 and went come up through the yes but we got where we turned down road blocked road closed
2005. through that very slowly and it was pretty bad there well it was a pretty bad yeah you you got to go very slowly it ' s frightening cos we went to once and we went through er water yeah and er we were you needed a boat really yeah but we did get through and it didn ' t damage the car no if you go slow it the big problem is when it goes i ' ll
2006. written him off and he ' s not used it no good grief it ' s it always did flood there then yeah it were at that old paper mill you know oh well you ' re next at water aren ' t you? do you want a mince pie? they ' re not right though the pa oh you ' re giving them us to us are you l cos they ' re not so
2012. the sun is it ' s just nice shining to have the sun on you and it feels like late summer very romantic feeling oh yes? is it romantic? and we ' re looking out on the water it is tell me what your definition of romantic is it is what the autumn the nature romanticism being out in nature yeah well and you can well and you can see the guy who ' s painting that
2018. tested method of that though so i wish it were would oh it is it ' s well they use it everywhere but how do they deal deal with cats then? oh cats you just shoot bucket of water yeah handgun well if there er if there ' s a cat around you ' ve got gotta look for the witches don ' t you? so mm well you know what i did to keep the slugs
2022. tread water that ' s fine i can do that so you just have to tread water for twenty minutes? swim for twenty minutes and then tread water for three oh right that ' s easy so basically the issue here
2023. tread water that ' s fine i can do that so you just have to tread water for twenty minutes? swim for twenty minutes and then tread water for three oh right that ' s easy so basically the issue here is the long distance running and the sit - ups right and the fact that
2024. tread water that ' s fine i can do that so you just have to tread water for twenty minutes? swim for twenty minutes and then tread water for three oh right that ' s easy so basically the issue here is the long distance running and the sit - ups right and the fact that i ' ve got to knock another two minutes off my time
2030. about four hfour hundred pounds wow mm so it ' s a huge one and what a difference it makes when we used it do you do you plug it in and then put it into the water? how does it work? if i knew that i might use it but i ' ve no idea what what did you wash it? what did you wash with it? well it was when we were
2031. those ou underwater things for my plants oh yeah to put in so it doesn ' t muddy them what ' s forget - me - not? well yeah all you need to do is get put the water forget - me - not into like you don ' t need soil you just put it into the plant pot yeah so should i go and have a look at that? yeah will you be okay here?
2033. and then they ' ll just come and get everything for you oh shipman it ' s not an actual city don ' t don ' t take it let them just come and get everything and that water butt it ' s not a water butt it ' s it ' s just a bin it ' s a bin they ' ll take the lot don ' t you take it now you can ' t put
2034. and get everything for you oh shipman it ' s not an actual city don ' t don ' t take it let them just come and get everything and that water butt it ' s not a water butt it ' s it ' s just a bin it ' s a bin they ' ll take the lot don ' t you take it now you can ' t put a bin into an auction have you
2039. ' s at night mm mm mm so i don ' t need to tell anybody that except for you which is quite interesting but that ' s how it took it ah and this is this is the water flowing from one side of the sand flat to the other and you can actually see the pattern that that that the water has made on the on there can ' t you? mm yeah yeah on the sand
2040. interesting but that ' s how it took it ah and this is this is the water flowing from one side of the sand flat to the other and you can actually see the pattern that that that the water has made on the on there can ' t you? mm yeah yeah on the sand so that ' s erm that ' s one yeah yeah erm and erm the other two you may have
2041. ? that ' s lovely isn ' t it? yeah it ' s the most gorgeous place it really is oh gorgeous oh it ' s so phphotogenic yeah you can see why he painted those water lilies over and over again yeah yeah absolutely yeah the only problem there is is obviously avoiding everyone else to take a photograph but you know we we ne we both managed yeah yeah yeah but also yes the
2045. had a poo but it went? what? her toilet ' s blocked oh right okay so i went for a pee and i flushed it i didn ' t realise it was blocked and like the water rose all the way to the top and i just sat there looking at it for ages like you should kiss on the mouth what? because ' s too too calm but that ' s the rubbish there co
2052. she can have a little bit of water but i said just one or two capfuls er she might give more but yeah she ' s not gonna give her a whole yeah you ' re on water aren ' t you? isn ' t it? mm need to start thinking about what food to make for her yeah er ah this machine makes baby rice porridge oh okay yeah so it i think it
2053. no i ' ve had shits i just meant like yeah pooing myself like yeah and it weren ' t that bad it were only a little bit it were just like a little bit of water er but it ' s it it w it ' s just that thing innit like? yeah still like you can smell it and everything like yeah and like i instantly cos diarrhoea has
2056. off on graphics in my head you see and i was thinking that maybe that one if it was portrait this one with a in it i don ' t know but then you ' ve got this wonderful water sort of swirling around it yeah beautiful isn ' t it? i love the drip coming off his mouth yeah yeah that really suits the room doesn ' t it? do you like it do you? yeah
2072. ##st one to grab is the blue one ' s powder yeah and you use powder for anything are there any blue ones? no they ' re all red they ' re all red no red ' s water i think no there are different ones there ' s foam really? there ' s foam is there a foam? but it ' s only for an electrical fire i know they do have different ones yeah there
2073. dad ' s yeah exactly and there ' s so much stuff you can do here like we ' re like forty - five minutes away from a canoeing and kayaking place you can do white - water rafting yeah there ' s a place actually in when you can like jump through the trees and there ' s a big lake with like a fake beach wow it ' s so sweet and there ' s
2074. wire that goes across the lake and if you ' re big enough i ' ve never been able to reach it but if you ' re tall enough you can slide backwards and put your hands through the water really? yeah i remember there was a bald guy that always used to be our instructor when we went cos like someone always comes up with you yeah and erm he would he he ' s so
2075. our instructor when we went cos like someone always comes up with you yeah and erm he would he he ' s so tall that he would always go backwards and put his bald head through the water when he was zip wiring but it ' s so amazing there ' s loads of different things you can do like a blue one a green one a red one and then a black one it ' s like
2076. ##os out as well really? yeah it ' s so sweet i can ' t believe it hadn ' t thought of it sooner oh really? says there ' s good inflatable stuff on the water they ' ve branched out a bit really? i haven ' t been for years i think the last time i went was with and i think a few years ago erm what do you macall it
2082. oh no and maple syrup right they came in two erm tubs er well it ' s not maple is it? they ' re called pancake syrup yeah no look at the sun on the water go on i saw this really g sorry just to interrupt you but i got i saw this really nice pancake recipe it was you put your pancake mixture on and then you get nutella like a
2090. that ' s when i used to give you yeah yeah yeah erm those herbal juices instead yeah which was that like do they still do that? it was like a powder that went in the water i think so yeah so it ' s really water so it ' s just the case of erm if they ' re not really hungry they ' ll go back to sleep on it mm yeah yes ok
2095. mm you don ' t get so that that ' s a good one i mean that ' s what i would go for if i had the baby rice yeah or porridge that mashed into the water put it in the milk cos it just breaks down to nothing yeah mm you ' ll like that you can ' t have it yet no not like this as well no what? what do you think
2096. as well now for the priory does he? so he ' s out all day and ' s not home until saturday night this week okay they ' re launch they ' ve got some sort of er water park or something they ' re building at oh nice she said and he ' s they ' re just putting together proposals for it or something mm so yes mister are you watching tv hm? are you?
2100. that ' s well good i watched a really weird documentary about two one of them was south african and one of them was german maybe free erm oh yeah yeah i ' m just waiting for this water er who who like set up a lion sanctuary erm and did loads of stuff for lion conservation at and quite famous in the naturalist world and then like both just got basically fucking killed by their own lions
2104. ' m i ' m asking you me or you? yeah yeah okay sarah? oh panny panny wammy okay ready? three two one go um you um somebody at a large pool of water which when when somebody is uh failing to lifeguard thank you okay a person on the tv who will um present y yes but uh news show on a specific show thank you well done god okay it '
2108. yeah and that you know certainly i would not take kindly to that yes yes and i think dad was actually a little bit upset by it too yes yes erm on the other hand is you know water off a duck ' s back you know yes really couldn ' t be bothered either way he ' s not yes yes not at all yes and erm but she wrote and said something along the lines of
2110. in the sea which is like three or four times the length of your dad they ' re pretty big just with a bit sharper teeth yeah what ' s that alligators? yeah crocodiles salt water crocodiles they ' re dinosaurs effectively crocodiles yeah mm mm mm mm mm well they think some of the fish in the ocean is prehistoric as well yeah don ' t they? oh yeah no undoub
2122. d be alright i didn ' t perhaps i didn ' t maybe you were i mean when i went out with for a sail it wa it was on a lake it wasn ' t on choppy water you don ' t just have to sail on the sea do you? mm true i suppose yeah it depends on your um expectations of sailing yes quite you can sail at rutland water mm you could couldn '
2123. t on choppy water you don ' t just have to sail on the sea do you? mm true i suppose yeah it depends on your um expectations of sailing yes quite you can sail at rutland water mm you could couldn ' t you? i could you could do any kind of well i could something couldn ' t i? boats boats sports water sports i think there ' s a long waiting list getting
2124. expectations of sailing yes quite you can sail at rutland water mm you could couldn ' t you? i could you could do any kind of well i could something couldn ' t i? boats boats sports water sports i think there ' s a long waiting list getting to the club and there has been since the reservoir was first mooted ah i think at one time there were too many people the the club was
2125. boat whether you like going out into the big open ocean or not must it? you could go uh holme pier pierrepont near nottingham which i think is the national sailing centre or the national water sports centre or something really? mm i would expect that to be by the sea that ' s a long way to travel no no no this is in the trent valley mm cos u you had w
2126. the water ' s bubbly yeah but what sort of bubbly? no it ' s coming out bubbly yeah no look it ' s coming out in crystals mm shall i cut it into smallish pieces in
2129. like really quick why does it not fill up there? like where cos it ' ll all come out it all bubbles weren ' t there er from wait they there was more bubbles than there was water cos it ' s got that ' s got a bubbly thing when you put it in well okay now you can ' t get the cork in yeah can you not when it ' s all over
2147. all now yes they have changed it no they ' re still they ' re still recycled water london has got recycled water more than anyone cos it ' s so big? yeah well yeah well all water ' s recycled all water ' s yeah recycled that creeps me out every single drop goes up to and down again and it ' s recycled yeah mm oh no that doesn ' t creep me out like
2148. changed it no they ' re still they ' re still recycled water london has got recycled water more than anyone cos it ' s so big? yeah well yeah well all water ' s recycled all water ' s yeah recycled that creeps me out every single drop goes up to and down again and it ' s recycled yeah mm oh no that doesn ' t creep me out like it ' s true though
2149. s true though isn ' t it? yeah the more you think about the rain think it ' s no she ' s saying when you wee it out well just think yeah into the toilet and the water ' s been on this this earth yeah ever since the so i could well it goes back they they treating it goes and back yeah into the rivers it ' s like with a giant doorway yeah and they
2150. treating it goes and back yeah into the rivers it ' s like with a giant doorway yeah and they and that creeps me out treat it and it goes yeah back into the rivers yeah mm and water ' s been on this earth for millions of years people have been on this earth for millions of years so has wildebeest and everything else and they ' ve all passed the same water we drink just
2154. was really soft or yeah or was it hard? er it was soft soft and some and bitterish hard up north yeah very bitter and then it was very bitter they liked it up there mm hard water is better yeah yeah we have got a hard water newcastle we ain ' t got hard water in this part well like newcastle there ' s a part of the country that ' s soft i think is it
2155. er it was soft soft and some and bitterish hard up north yeah very bitter and then it was very bitter they liked it up there mm hard water is better yeah yeah we have got a hard water newcastle we ain ' t got hard water in this part well like newcastle there ' s a part of the country that ' s soft i think is it? oh right i don ' t know that area
2157. part of the country that ' s soft i think is it? oh right i don ' t know that area what is? newcastle that area is it? it ' s soft yeah mm see birmingham water ' s soft cos it comes from wales birmingham was that good? no no birmingham birmingham what? oh that was good wasn ' t it? birmingham we ' re going away tomorrow and i should er
2164. market left here mm so how they can manage making a loss the farmers i don ' t know no well they ' re not going to are they? no not profitable and all that hard work mm water big overheads as well yeah you know if the tractor breaks down oh yes yeah not exactly optional mm no could i just squeeze? yes thank you perhaps got out just in time then mm yes yes perhaps
2169. point three one point four billion the numbers of people yes there were huge numbers of people that erm they erm er gosh look at that over there you see he ' s fallen into the water he ' s come right back up again gosh that ' s good yeah well just for the tape we ' re sitting on the in and there ' s a party of five canoeists erm trying
2170. while we ' re recording this erm this talk today erm and the the interesting thing is that you may hear and we ' re in a car erm but you may hear some erm water sounds in the background and so while we ' re talking about china we ' re also looking at canoeists trying to get up the weir and and they ' re going u trying to go up the weir
2171. looking at canoeists trying to get up the weir and and they ' re going u trying to go up the weir and some of them are going up and then they ' re completely going under the water and then flipping up again which is quite yeah quite remarkable it is how how they ' re quite skilful they ' re holding holding their obviously holding their breaths f and and erm and righting
2172. ? ttturturning yes turning on a wave because uuu erm you you yeah you ' ve gotta be able to cope with erm i ' ve done a little bit of white water rafting and oh you you have to you have to cope with the erm the currents and the erm and also getting wet and then recovering sort of thing anyway well shall we go back to china
2173. ' s all electronic and all that sort of thing but the statues here that they ' ve created are are very artistic and erm they ' re very erm then we went to erm a water s a a water symphony right where basically you have lots of erm waterfalls yes water jets and changing colour and then they have music to go with the oh lovely it ' s really quite quite impressive you
2174. and all that sort of thing but the statues here that they ' ve created are are very artistic and erm they ' re very erm then we went to erm a water s a a water symphony right where basically you have lots of erm waterfalls yes water jets and changing colour and then they have music to go with the oh lovely it ' s really quite quite impressive you know it ' s
2175. ve created are are very artistic and erm they ' re very erm then we went to erm a water s a a water symphony right where basically you have lots of erm waterfalls yes water jets and changing colour and then they have music to go with the oh lovely it ' s really quite quite impressive you know it ' s erm was there evening entertainments you had to tr buy tickets
2179. know it ' s michael mcintyre? has the person seen that sketch? what? like someone calls you out or s like something? i know like like they rumble me you ' ve gotta test the water first and be like anyone seen michael? she did no i heard of him no i don ' t that you stole that i know yeah mm you can ' t have not heard of michael mcintyre though i
2180. like a make a superh make a superhero and i was like oh superhero? you chose yeah yeah and he put chose the raindrops a raindrop whose er superpowers is like a water thing er and its nemesis was fire sup superpower and got his nem put him out his nemesis was evaporation we d i didn ' t think we we didn ' t fight like my
2182. ? so we ' re not sure how it ' s gonna like affect us like yeah but they also got all that erm microwaves or whatever cos some of do you know microwaves make water particles spin? yeah and there ' s microwaves coming from phones right yeah and they say like the more like you talk on the phone like it spins the micr yeah spins water molecules in you brain
2183. microwaves make water particles spin? yeah and there ' s microwaves coming from phones right yeah and they say like the more like you talk on the phone like it spins the micr yeah spins water molecules in you brain and it was like i remember doing this in science yeah said like pretty mental and that ' s why they say men shouldn ' t have it in their pockets cos every time it
2187. can park up here and to do your and just have a little look around check and mm mm everything ' s got to be locked up except the conservatory mm mm and now er ' s gonna wa water the conservatory but well i ' m not so sure about him watering our greenhouse but there you go who ' s watering? is supposed to be watering the greenhouse but if you can check that mm every now
2192. underneath he ' d made made basins out of cutting that tube stuff yeah that black stuff yeah chopped it in half put an ends on that ' s it yeah oh er so there were little where the water water ran into right so you you pushed a button water ran out and you rinsed that that there was er gel and and soap all round and then the waste oh er it it just then funnelled
2195. some question of he he sort of got ill and difficult and he may have taken in in some things in his work he sort of goes from one one it it says it ' s a boat in water but you think you get the feeling of a boat in water but you don ' t often see any boat yes and you hardly see the water but he ' s also got some classical references mm diade
2196. he may have taken in in some things in his work he sort of goes from one one it it says it ' s a boat in water but you think you get the feeling of a boat in water but you don ' t often see any boat yes and you hardly see the water but he ' s also got some classical references mm diadem and someone or other erm we ' re talking about
2197. one one it it says it ' s a boat in water but you think you get the feeling of a boat in water but you don ' t often see any boat yes and you hardly see the water but he ' s also got some classical references mm diadem and someone or other erm we ' re talking about turner in yeah er yeah yes and they were almost boring cos erm the
2198. ' s mea surely it ' s meant to be napoleon it is yes no i was joking exile he hasn ' t got his hand up his jumper and and an amazing shadow of him in the water and the presumably a a minder in the background mm and then behind that the usual turnturner mist it ' s absolutely wonderful and that was the only one i think where the figure is successful how
2212. able to do it though i don ' t like the sea that enough to do that to set sail on it in anything that wasn ' t wasn ' t controlled you ' re not amazing with open water are you? no i ' d be on a life jacket all day we ' ve got we ' ve got quite a few boaty friends but that ' s because of the private schoolyness isn
2214. like a long time so yeah so affected them that ' s why they lotus tea or whatever kind of teas they have basically they they created ceramics too early and er they learnt how to deal with water whereas we were like ah let ' s just brew beer beer and that will and of course the beer we used to drink was you know two percent that ' s the other thing that ' s changed a
2215. ##gy alcohol or something that ' s it ' s part and parcel of travelling we were on a beach in the andaman islands three months later i read an article some woman was eaten by a salt water crocodile on the exact beach we were just swimming on yeah you know what i mean? god we were in a few places in latin america massive volcano that ' s why i like england and france i know
2216. exact beach we were just swimming on yeah you know what i mean? god we were in a few places in latin america massive volcano that ' s why i like england and france i know no salt water crocodiles well for a start you ' re not gonna stand out long in the sea either fuck that it ' s freezing do you know how do you know how big the salt water crocodiles the biggest
2217. know no salt water crocodiles well for a start you ' re not gonna stand out long in the sea either fuck that it ' s freezing do you know how do you know how big the salt water crocodiles the biggest one they ' ve ever found is nine metres long? nine metre long that ' s a dinosaur they are dinosaurs aren ' t they? a nine metre long crocodile dinosaurs er crocodiles
2220. first cycle but it doesn ' t finish so it ' ll oh only really rinse them oh and you still need to dry them yeah and quite often when you open it there ' s still standing water in the bottom so oh it ' s not very good yeah it ' s not draining off like? no yeah not pumping it out? no mm you haven ' t talked to anyone else like a you
2223. s it ' s no a bit bit of a chore no yeah and furthermore you go on holiday in britain and you can feel a little bit funny and they say it ' s a change of water mm mm you ' ve got a bit of bun on your nose ah still there i shouldn ' t eat it just in case it isn ' t have you caught it? think so but you can just
2226. isn ' t have you caught it? think so but you can just just with your water er drink a change of drinking water mm it can i mean for example er sheffield area is is very soft water here we ' re hard water mm mm they say soup er actually mm mm it is mm? mm and when er our and when to on their big european tour into russia er moscow as well er they
2227. it? think so but you can just just with your water er drink a change of drinking water mm it can i mean for example er sheffield area is is very soft water here we ' re hard water mm mm they say soup er actually mm mm it is mm? mm and when er our and when to on their big european tour into russia er moscow as well er they was told don ' t even
2233. all those good things for you i might just have a plate of cabbage to be fair and then coco pops for desert yeah plate of cabbage well yeah that ' s it you know introduce it to the water cover it in black pepper yum yeah i was actually quite surprised that i like the cabbage yeah i could get in i think i ' ve got to buy some broccoli in my life again i
2234. yeah you certainly would go but bei that much further away makes it makes it a bit more difficult i dunno i don ' t know anyway we can ' t do anything about that but no no water under the bridge i feel i ' d still like to maintain contact with mm and in that she sent you a card mm admittedly it was you a card rather than me a card but it looks as
2235. or a stately home and it ' s like up erm up a hill with like fountains and like beautiful steps and at the bottom there ' s this massive fountain and they had this music and water display and that was again miles away so you had to walk all the way there and you know when like you ' re in a city with people who like none of you know where you ' re going
2241. does it need to be oh and i ' ve always thought the beans that we have are quite small and that can make an impact can ' t it? cos then it depends on how the water filters through so what i did mini beans i those are small beans and those are big beans and but it ' s kind of saying move it towards big beans or move it towards small and i moved it
2242. that ' s the dial thing there and it ' s probably like grinding them dif like it wasn ' t it doesn ' t seseem like we were getting the full flavour out of it water was going down but nothing else was happening so i ' m happy now i ' m happier happier yes? so how are you doing here? so he wants an extra he said it re the packing would
2247. you could press buttons in that that like mm things like at you have to actually like go go in one of those hamster wheels there and it would power a whole little mechanism where there ' s water and it ' s carried out and it goes into a tube and then other people can like open like li mini lock gates and they can learn how locks work and all that stuff and you can do all
2250. you doing that he advised doing the freezing of garlic and ginger mm because you can put it in and it doesn ' t really matter you can put it in frozen it doesn ' t matter about the water mm cos that just burns off yeah yeah that is a really good idea i love tips like that from people do you? yeah i wish people talked about what they cooked more really cos i think
2253. obviously if feels like you ' ve got air feels just like it ' s like pressure because it gets it ' s like in the eyelid and it ' s like pressure almost like a ball of water but you know it ' s not water yeah i think i ' ve sorted it but i feel like i ' ve got a little bit of a you popped your eye? you know when you get a
2254. air feels just like it ' s like pressure because it gets it ' s like in the eyelid and it ' s like pressure almost like a ball of water but you know it ' s not water yeah i think i ' ve sorted it but i feel like i ' ve got a little bit of a you popped your eye? you know when you get a bit of a mm erm sore patch
2255. worse oh yeah no cos his job is he ' s a structural erm no he ' s not structural at all he ' s a surveyor mm and he specialises in sinking large things into water okay hence why he works for an oil company yes so he sinks oil rigs basically yeah mm and surveys the land or sinks the bits of oil rigs that want sinking not the whole thing well he
2257. know yeah sent to her and like that and mum said erm cos apparently mum said she was eating this she said they ' re getting this it ' s tesco value and it looks like water almost but sh they were having gonna have that and try it when this one ran out so mum said yeah yeah so she told her that yes and it she is it arrived and it was there but actually
2258. a pipe that erm like a hose thing hose pipe thing and he put it on the actual jet and he sat there and also did it like that and i was like yeah he had this hose water hose thing it absolutely blasting me with water it ' s like honestly they ' re like children they don ' t splash me cos i don ' t like it i don ' t like water in my
2259. thing hose pipe thing and he put it on the actual jet and he sat there and also did it like that and i was like yeah he had this hose water hose thing it absolutely blasting me with water it ' s like honestly they ' re like children they don ' t splash me cos i don ' t like it i don ' t like water in my face so i i have a nice relaxing
2260. hose water hose thing it absolutely blasting me with water it ' s like honestly they ' re like children they don ' t splash me cos i don ' t like it i don ' t like water in my face so i i have a nice relaxing hot tub time oh that ' s good of them nice and chilled nice jets and yeah and that ' s good of them and they ' re just being
2261. yes yes oh right okay and the other day i went in and i looked at the pool you know you can see the pool in from the reception? yes yes and you couldn ' t see the water why not? cos huge guys in there i mean they were triangular these blokes oh right enormous blokes right and i came into the we were all taking showers so i thought what language
2271. i put soap on my hands and i ' m like washing my hands mm it ' s like i ' m not washing the soap off but i have strange yeah i don ' t know well the water in this area is meant to be it ' s meant to be really good yeah it it ' s good is what i ' ve heard yeah maybe it ' s just cos it ' s not what
2272. your subject of recording eh no i don ' t think you really need to i ' ll fill it in at the end declaration yes bubbles bubbles bubbles bubbly times bubbles bubbles and scary locals bubbles and water so how do you em want to get there tomorrow? do you want to just get a cab? well and then get a cab back we have two options let me just spell my own surname d o
2273. duck disco disco don ' t look at the light though does it float in a bath though? that ' s going to be the test i haven ' t had a bath yet do you think the water would conduct as well? so that it would light up when it touched the water do you think that ' s the idea? i think that must be the idea yeah well it does say a flashing rubber
2274. bath though? that ' s going to be the test i haven ' t had a bath yet do you think the water would conduct as well? so that it would light up when it touched the water do you think that ' s the idea? i think that must be the idea yeah well it does say a flashing rubber duck and rubber ducks need filling in for a bath oh there you go what '
2275. a radiator you wouldn ' t how hard is it? have you got to put like a bucket or something up there? it ' s messy cos it ' s it ' s dirty water as well isn ' t it? it ' s not that good can you imagine stagnant water sitting at that bottom urgh for half a year so it ' s all black you wouldn ' t
2276. bucket or something up there? it ' s messy cos it ' s it ' s dirty water as well isn ' t it? it ' s not that good can you imagine stagnant water sitting at that bottom urgh for half a year so it ' s all black you wouldn ' t want to get that on your trousers no you really wouldn ' t and it stinks no so to
2277. and um it ' s like this really freaky animated thing and nice and there ' s this crazy music and he he pricks his finger and then he goes i i like it when the red water come out honestly it ' s really freaky it ' s a bit i mean it ' s not as bad as arse to face but it ' s pretty stop it it ' s stop it now
2278. either it ' s the mediterranean or the black sea or the i dunno the this is the adriatic sea sorry yeah erm so they simply didn ' t wanna give serbia access to this body of water okay obviously for trade purposes so it was purely created and recognised as an independent state because of that reason erm and so you can understand why some people are annoyed and pissed when they suddenly start demanding aid
2279. ##s it ' s spilt there i don ' t wanna well we could move it ' s just it ' s just oh yeah it ' s too much effort that we could go near the water that ' s true you ' re to all move back you ' re gonna carry all of us okay maybe not oh you ' re so cute sorry oh yeah he ' s gonna start school you know what
2280. the vietnam picture of the girl that ' s covered in napalm and that ' s that a monkey in a cage that ' s a funeral i think? it looks like people wading through water disabled i think that ' s the holocaust yeah so as i said we can just use whatever we want but that ' s what she tends to use so maybe starting off with that when we ask the question
2283. have microwaves mm so do microwaves they weren ' t putting those arguments against microwaves they were just saying yeah there there there there there ' s microwaves and and and microwaves heat up water and there ' s water in people oh miss erm of all the possible arguments you can bounce against mobile phones imagine that stupid br - engine thing they made us do at remember that? yes the the
2287. do at remember that? yes the the drink lots of water because you ' re you you ' re brain needs water to function because it ' s it it it your brain runs on electricity electricity and water conducts electricity where do you even start with that and i think it ' s the same people who said that the water is absorbed through your mouth into your brain through the roof of your mouth or something yes
2288. to function because it ' s it it it your brain runs on electricity electricity and water conducts electricity where do you even start with that and i think it ' s the same people who said that the water is absorbed through your mouth into your brain through the roof of your mouth or something yes your mouth in they didn ' t actually say that to our faces to be fair that was just on their silly website
2289. full view of all of us of course yeah ah now you see it is it ' s i mean it it clears the window frame oh yes yeah er you you don ' t have a lot of water pressure no right so it ' s er it it ' s it is quite slow to fill up but it flushes it does flush and you ' ve got the facility of just doing a half flush which
2290. oh right so don ' t use bleach in a toilet? well no the down the toilet alright yeah but don ' t use one those things that you hang inside that oh to make the water all blue okay yeah as you know it damages the sealant and that ' ll yeah that ' s right i ' ve just had that much uhu which is i haven ' t been sitting here drinking
2294. love them roasted i like roasted vegetables why don ' t you just shove them in with the roast then? all roasted vegetables er because that compromises your gravy because there ' s too much water content in a carrot so darling no you could put them in a different dish that would be right who won the scrabble game? did but we were neck and neck in fact we were alternately leading
2297. there was on er the there was like canoeing there so like near all the er like the waterways grandad had a boat mm oh like aye so there ' s erm there ' s the water bridge have a load of this there ' s a water bridge right as you go into erm and it ' s like a railway you know it ' s a stop erm and a platform and when
2298. so like near all the er like the waterways grandad had a boat mm oh like aye so there ' s erm there ' s the water bridge have a load of this there ' s a water bridge right as you go into erm and it ' s like a railway you know it ' s a stop erm and a platform and when my mum and dad i i were in the car with
2299. like that he ' s like oh i had to come and fix this gate once he was like i came and like sorted it out i was like ah that ' s so weird like of all the water bridges like he ' d come and fix this one where mum lives so every time we drive over it anyone do they watch this i thought it were just me? yeah like footballer ' s wives oh god
2309. go out and have to go out and out of outside the house you know so the access is outside oh and light a fire underneath? yes oh right and light the fire and it would heat the water up oh okay erm and so a lot of the of people when i first went out a lot of of i and and quite a few of my colleagues have this sort of bath where you filled it
2313. got that i just have a jungle oh right yes oh and one day i ' ll do it but er i i just don ' t really know what to do with it because the run off of water on the school is incredible and it ' s mm it ' s almost washed away the bottom of the garden so it ' s all that funny angle now i was looking out and seeing and i see what
2315. matter what they eat it ' s disgusting yeah it does it does matter yeah it does er it really matters what they eat if you eat a fif you eat a fish that ' s in radioactive water it ' s bad for you yeah of course but a fox is a fox yeah dude it ' s eaten my fucking rubbish and also where are foxes in the daytime? i don ' t know no they
2317. her mind up on the strength of that that was enough yeah yeah okay which is is well try rome i ' d recommend it it ' s not into character developments it it kick started this out the water it ' s of a similar vein and was made yeah at the same time yeah but it ' s just much much better acted yeah i was really quite engrossed in the first season i ' m
2318. ' s not canaria canaria canaria it it ' s with i a alright a canaria okay that ' s four because there are four different islands that are separated by quite a bit of water but then i could argue you know i went to the andaman islands i went to little andaman i went to button island i went to neil island oh ye oh yeah i went to ross island i
2319. ll cou oh no let ' s really not do that there was scotland england but then you could say that about the british isles it ' s just one country because there ' s no you need water between them yeah no it ' s effectively three countries that ' s the united kingdom it ' s it ' s one country and four countries actually right well oh we ' ll go the united kingdom oh we
2320. was at the time second time i was scuba diving and it was curled up just like beautiful snake really really beautiful third time it swam to the surface took a breath and then went back down under the water really again very beautiful i ' ve been told and i always heard david attenborough ' s voice in my head you know the voice of god that if you get bitten by this snake you ' ll
2321. swimming on these this most beautiful beach i ' ve ever been on and the it wasn ' t until a few months later that we actually read an article somebody on that beach got eaten by a salt water crocodile three months after we were there yeah and everyone was saying you know why haven ' t they put signs up? like you need to be and other people were saying this is one of the most remote
2322. arms it was horrible absolutely horrible it ' s only in hindsight that i realised how kind of dangerous that area was yeah that we were in yeah and like i looked at a map of where salt water crocodiles are and it was there this is one of their most prolific areas and like they grow up the biggest salt water crocodile ever c seven metres yeah they ' re big well two metres yeah can you
2323. that we were in yeah and like i looked at a map of where salt water crocodiles are and it was there this is one of their most prolific areas and like they grow up the biggest salt water crocodile ever c seven metres yeah they ' re big well two metres yeah can you imagine a a crocodile that ' s three and a half times the size of dad? well we were watching erm on
2324. erm it was erm about erm a thousand pounds in weight is what the biggest crocodile i imagine these were quite similar absolutely massive it seems er ridiculous but they exist yeah oh yeah real salt water crocodile exists they ' re all off the i was crawling around on my belly in the mudflats and mangroves of calcutta and around the area of the sundarbans which i only found out
2325. was crawling around on my belly in the mudflats and mangroves of calcutta and around the area of the sundarbans which i only found out in hindsight is notorious for massive salt water crocodiles yeah and there ' s i went on a tour you know i mean i call it a tour but it ' s very low key wishy washy and we they took us into the mangrove
2326. in nepal i didn ' t know but the whole area had flooded i went to an area that was like you know a refugee camp there were like tents like aid tents and like dead buffalo in the water and all this kind of stuff and it was it was horrific to try and travel really it was like i spent about twelve hours trying to get through i think it makes it must make you feel i should
2327. three pieces of kitchen roll and then just drops them in the bin and it ' s such a waste a first world problem well i don ' t actually dry those ones a lot it ' s just water why don ' t you use the last bit of the toilet roll? cos he doesn ' t cos it ' s like stuck to the it ' s like unclean it ' s stuck to
2330. hand just in case mummy wanted to pop out and do the hoop for a while which would be downstairs in the in the basement gym which has swimming pool and jacuzzi i would definitely get and water slides let say what he wants to do okay what would you like to do? if i had three million pounds i ' d probably add a pole from my room a fireman ' s pole you '
2331. and then that would lead down to the living room okay so whenever you said can you come down here to because wants to cuddle you and then i could go okay and then i could see mm water slide or pole wow water slide oh there ' s a water slide as well yeah there ' s a water slide erm there ' s so there ' s half stairs and half water slide so you can
2332. down to the living room okay so whenever you said can you come down here to because wants to cuddle you and then i could go okay and then i could see mm water slide or pole wow water slide oh there ' s a water slide as well yeah there ' s a water slide erm there ' s so there ' s half stairs and half water slide so you can use the stairs instead of
2333. whenever you said can you come down here to because wants to cuddle you and then i could go okay and then i could see mm water slide or pole wow water slide oh there ' s a water slide as well yeah there ' s a water slide erm there ' s so there ' s half stairs and half water slide so you can use the stairs instead of stairs would this be in our house
2334. because wants to cuddle you and then i could go okay and then i could see mm water slide or pole wow water slide oh there ' s a water slide as well yeah there ' s a water slide erm there ' s so there ' s half stairs and half water slide so you can use the stairs instead of stairs would this be in our house? yeah an escalator to the top
2335. could see mm water slide or pole wow water slide oh there ' s a water slide as well yeah there ' s a water slide erm there ' s so there ' s half stairs and half water slide so you can use the stairs instead of stairs would this be in our house? yeah an escalator to the top but our stairs are very thin well an escalator to go up and
2336. you can use the stairs instead of stairs would this be in our house? yeah an escalator to the top but our stairs are very thin well an escalator to go up and a water slide to go down and a pole and a popopo what if it ' s a cold day though i think we might have to extend the house out into the garden and not have a garden in
2338. no yeah cos she says it ' s so funny going to parents ' night and she said that he ' s doing his he ' s working now gcses but he ' s a junior water skiing champion she sent me a photo water skiing what ' s that? looks just like her brother chalky just looks like him what ' s water skiing jet skiing i think you ' re attached to the
2339. s so funny going to parents ' night and she said that he ' s doing his he ' s working now gcses but he ' s a junior water skiing champion she sent me a photo water skiing what ' s that? looks just like her brother chalky just looks like him what ' s water skiing jet skiing i think you ' re attached to the back of a boat like wake boarding?
2340. now gcses but he ' s a junior water skiing champion she sent me a photo water skiing what ' s that? looks just like her brother chalky just looks like him what ' s water skiing jet skiing i think you ' re attached to the back of a boat like wake boarding? no you ' re on a board you ' re on two skis yeah and there ' s a string
2341. ' s a string like this wake boarding isn ' t it in the wake of the board you board around and you no it ' s not a board it ' s skis wake skiing then no water skiing pet but she said he was working even hard i think it was the original title or moving on water behind a boat before wake boarding yeah so i sent her a thank you card and said i would
2342. and you no it ' s not a board it ' s skis wake skiing then no water skiing pet but she said he was working even hard i think it was the original title or moving on water behind a boat before wake boarding yeah so i sent her a thank you card and said i would be seeing you and i told her to look at you and the website skiing in somewhere in europe i don
2350. i ' d forgotten you went to china of course you did didn ' t you? yeah mm i went to see yeah when she lived in shanghai oh i remember shanghai mm you looked out over the water and these boats coming out yeah i liked it there and mumum was terrified when she was there oh right because well this is just erm after the revolution in erm you know mm mm and they
2351. suppose but i suppose he was used to the waterways mm yeah then in latter years he went into more sort of like bridges didn ' t he? oh he was in bridges yeah mm bridges over the water yes well if you ' re not full after this grandpa no no i there ' s something wrong no no no it ' s very nice we ' ve just eaten a recipe for four so we ' re
2352. in my day it was used more for you know well skills for getting along mm yeah we used to have yes we always used to have drills of some sort in case of if you fell into the water how would you get out again? and ah right so mm yes and and it started first of all in cambridge like that ah much later that sort of stuff yeah but no but i always had a ca
2353. one one year gotta cross that sea though ain ' t you? oh yeah it ' s only a little way yeah but it ' s the sea like a boat trip yeah but it ' s wet water mm and you bounce about in it oh well no by the time we go there ' ll probably be something like the enterprise where you step into a box and and off you go and you ' re there
2354. there ' ll probably be something like the enterprise where you step into a box and and off you go and you ' re there you appear the other side within seconds it ' d still be going across water no you wouldn ' t you ' d be you er you you ' d be your molecules have disintegrated into millions of pieces will you be flying then? and you ' ve yeah you
2364. t need any more bites what is he? i ' ve never seen one of them i don ' t know but his wings are stuck together with oil we need some water on top of him the water ' s completely like oh no maybe he needs to get rained on gently slightly are on him he won ' t get off like let go shall we briefly immerse him? let go haven ' t
2371. in the morning? two - year - olds well that ' s the classic health and safety yeah rule isn ' t it? yeah that you need to keep an eye on children where there ' s water concerned yeah and actually you know as i say the owner mmay well be held responsible for renting out somewhere with a you know a th that ' s ridiculous but i think that ' s ridiculous because
2372. ve been there now yes there were yeah there were sixty kids there yeah woo woo woo woo they ' d all cos and they ' d done a project they both classes had done a project on water they ' d been down to the beach they you know? mm they ' d done all sort of tides and water cycle and wonderful and they were they were the same a they were i think they were
2373. ##s and they ' d done a project they both classes had done a project on water they ' d been down to the beach they you know? mm they ' d done all sort of tides and water cycle and wonderful and they were they were the same a they were i think they were year eights er year er sorry yyear four so they ' d be eight er and erm it the the
2376. made money cos they spend a lot on their props and singing in the rain lost didn ' t it? it did but i think that was the expense of getting the mm the rain in the water said well water ' s can ' t cost much can it? no but getting it pouring down on a school stage might do yeah unbelievable but yeah it was really really good well i ' m going to
2383. thirty degrees really? yeah then we went to this o we went on a walk and we saw a horsey lying down then we went on another walk and different de weather look at the w colour water i want to you come and go canoeing down that i ' d go swimming in that river yeah you will go swimming and then we climbed a proper mountain that fucking looks high up don ' t tell
2389. you start off in a small village you put stones out as a foundation and you build a house and the house is built of sun - dried mud brick mm so you make a mud brick by the water yeah the sun dries it you then take it to to where you ' re going to build the house and you build several houses and you th make the roof say with thatch mm at a particular
2390. particular point in time in the middle of the winter you ' ve got a spark hits the thatch the whole thing burns down so you ' re going build another village so you go back to the water make more bricks take them to the site put the stones out build the bricks put the thatch on top if you do this for several thousand years you actually get layer upon layer of like mud from different
2391. yeah right mecca was actually erm a polytheistic shrine what does that mean? many gods ah there were a thousand gods worshipped at mecca for hundreds and hundreds of years because it ' s a water shrine mm there are loads of water shrines you get them all over britain holy well this that and the other yeah they ' re you know they ' re they ' re all yeah erm animistic
2392. a polytheistic shrine what does that mean? many gods ah there were a thousand gods worshipped at mecca for hundreds and hundreds of years because it ' s a water shrine mm there are loads of water shrines you get them all over britain holy well this that and the other yeah they ' re you know they ' re they ' re all yeah erm animistic shrines from the past yeah and the
2393. there and apparently was burnt in a fire in about four hundred and sixty ad so she lasted about eight hundred years but the draped one er was bought by the island of kos oh just across the water from knidos yeah and that apparently disappeared but i think i ' ve found it two weeks ago i think it ' s in the in the museum in rhodes and for some reason or other they say
2394. ##cle history where you could look at an individuals an individual sand grain from a deposit and find out exactly what had happened to that sand grain from its inception to its present form whether it had been in water what kind of water whether whether wow that ' s crazy just one tiny yeah yeah particle history it was it was fascinating i think we ' re going to have to stop this research yeah it ' s like
2395. could look at an individuals an individual sand grain from a deposit and find out exactly what had happened to that sand grain from its inception to its present form whether it had been in water what kind of water whether whether wow that ' s crazy just one tiny yeah yeah particle history it was it was fascinating i think we ' re going to have to stop this research yeah it ' s like the there you go
2396. you know like two saggy weird bum cheeks hanging out and it was just like woman what are you doing? you have to squat at hydro hiit do you? yeah how do you squat in water? with difficulty i was gonna say i can imagine cos yeah it would be weird to squat in wa i ' ve never tried it maybe i ' ll have to give it a go i don '
2397. than me yeah i know a bit but i could recognise a daffodil a tulip a daisy a rose an orchid it ' s not bad is it? no a lily yeah know them water lily foxglove bluebell showing off now aren ' t you? i like foxgloves they ' re poisonous not if you don ' t eat them no i don ' t think they '
2398. head screwed on you know? they weren ' t kind of a one nutters yeah and had had a lot of experience of these things erm i mean what used to tell me about you know water would be you know slung at him it was it was quite extraordinary and it boiled egg but erm when the when they start they were very reluctant to to investigate it because erm the circumstances was it
2399. erm hard by a lego brick okay erm that just sort of appeared and hit him yeah and there were things like matchboxes would catch fire in drawers erm there were poolings of water where there shouldn ' t have been there were lots of these kind of odd phenomenon that was taking place erm the girls er were seen to levitate erm a book in one in their bedroom mysteriously
2403. pound of carrots and wasted em and most of em went to waste didn ' t they? they just melt away don ' t they? and go rotten and go yeah soft and just go into water don ' t they? mm and they stink they do horrible potatoes are even worse when they start going like water on er when they got that rot they are yes yeah they are and when you when i
2404. away don ' t they? and go rotten and go yeah soft and just go into water don ' t they? mm and they stink they do horrible potatoes are even worse when they start going like water on er when they got that rot they are yes yeah they are and when you when i used to sell potatoes cos er these are the new potatoes you used to sell you used to start off with
2405. also like the smashing ice i feel that somebody should have hidden the key in there mm mm what for the next people to come? yeah that would have been mean the key is in the freezing cold water now erm we are not so far away from this juggling thing so we could probably just go for one day or stay somewhere else or go camping what do you fancy? stay for one day or
2407. horrible and she ' s like yeah i threw up through my nose and i was like no no that ' s horrible bless her cos i ' ve only ever once i was laughing so much that water came out my nose and even that was really horrible even that was like ugh ugh like ugh it wasn ' t like too bad cos it was just water but even that was like u
2408. was laughing so much that water came out my nose and even that was really horrible even that was like ugh ugh like ugh it wasn ' t like too bad cos it was just water but even that was like ugh god that ' s awful that is horrible yeah so imagine sick ugh no s yeah and sick is so thick i know yeah be able to like push it straight through
2410. can if you see it therefore it ' s there yeah and the stoics were like well no no they ' re like well if you see something from a distance or like a stick in the water it ' s like a swerve man it ' s like a first principle that they don ' t have to argue for i guess right yeah but yeah but it makes sense going backwards i guess in
2419. and er that ' d come up and every now and again you ' d get little red squiggly worms in it that ' s it yeah and they said oh that ' s really good water cos the red squiggly worms are in it cos the red squiggly worms wouldn ' t live wouldn ' t live in polluted water oh really? oh right no they
2424. that well there for well they only used it for probably three four years or s yeah three years four years well the water board when we got the water you know woah we got the water the water got water on yeah the water ' s coming yeah the er the er the anglian water board said that they were going to start charging for everybody for wells this is ages ago now mm and they couldn
2427. years four years well the water board when we got the water you know woah we got the water the water got water on yeah the water ' s coming yeah the er the er the anglian water board said that they were going to start charging for everybody for wells this is ages ago now mm and they couldn ' t could they? becau they reckoned that the water underneath anybody ' s
2428. the anglian water board said that they were going to start charging for everybody for wells this is ages ago now mm and they couldn ' t could they? becau they reckoned that the water underneath anybody ' s land belonged to anglian water yeah well it ' s a bit like america yeah america ' s got this idea that all the water belongs to them yeah the government yeah mm that '
2430. ? becau they reckoned that the water underneath anybody ' s land belonged to anglian water yeah well it ' s a bit like america yeah america ' s got this idea that all the water belongs to them yeah the government yeah mm that ' s wrong ain ' t it? mm yeah well and it makes you wonder like if if er if you filled a water tub up when it rained would
2432. you wonder like if if er if you filled a water tub up when it rained would that be illegal? well that ' s right yeah would it? yeah if like theoretically it belongs to anglian water yeah yeah yeah that ' s really weird ain ' t it? i mean mm but i don ' t see how they can say that that belong to them well they just say it and then wait for
2433. ' s right yeah i mean there is a certain thing in hydrology which is they ' re finding in california now and also in the middle east is that the government has to control the use of water to a certain extent yeah because otherwise you ' d just some people wouldn ' t get it well no i mean australia as well the thing is everyone no one it ' s like global warming no one '
2435. ' re saying well you know this is not sustainable no mm and like the thing is you you know all the the big erm orange growers and that and fruit growers mm they need the water they do and they ' re just saying well you know it ' s our you know multimillion pound business what are we gonna do? just mm give up? yeah and they ' re saying well
2436. ' s a place in in yorkshire mm very similar to that yeah they they flooded this er village yeah a whole village made it into a rereservoir and it ' s got so the water had gone down so much now mm some of the roofs of the housing and the church are showing through mm they didn ' t get rid of them why d? surely all that stuff ' d pollute
2437. down so much now mm some of the roofs of the housing and the church are showing through mm they didn ' t get rid of them why d? surely all that stuff ' d pollute the water? well it ' s like if you if you drown a reservoir er a valley you got all trees and god knows what in there well you do yeah well that ' s all cleaned up all them little
2438. all trees and god knows what in there well you do yeah well that ' s all cleaned up all them little all them little creatures yeah what live in there mm that ' s all cleaned anyway the water is ain ' t it? i was just thinking of the lead on er on the church roof i i think they ' d take it off i think if you ' re gonna drown you know this sort
2439. a big canal running through the middle of it okay and that ' s what all the pictures were yeah like it was just i never realised it was so i don ' t think i have surrounded by water is that it? that ' s venice? that ' s venice yeah but how does that? there ' s a big road i don ' t understand that links how does that fit into the rest of
2440. here yeah no it can ' t be on there there ' s that looks like ' s separate islands maybe? yeah just oh that ' s interesting mm mm and it ' s basically that you the water taxis are really cool cos you just mm you get a taxi but it ' s just yeah on the water oh wow that ' s the other side that doesn ' t look very nice of venice then
2441. yeah just oh that ' s interesting mm mm and it ' s basically that you the water taxis are really cool cos you just mm you get a taxi but it ' s just yeah on the water oh wow that ' s the other side that doesn ' t look very nice of venice then all the big cruise sh oh yeah cos cruise ships go to venice don ' t they? yeah so you
2442. yeah and there ' s a detective and they ' re all in venice can you imagine if this was your house? sorry look that ' s your house that ' s your view just straight onto the water yeah unbelievable mm erm what to read before you go? yeah yeah gonna read murder mysteries in before you go? they won ' t be my cup of tea but maybe maybe not the best thing to
2444. indians well in the one in but the mermaids in the real peter pan mm they are they are really horrible mermaids who drag down and if you get too close they drag you down into the water to drown you indeed properly nasty mm smee ' s not very nasty i like smee he ' s really funny yeah because he doesn ' t really like he doesn ' t really like being a pirate
2448. ' s in? i don ' t know what his name is or the name of the tank he did tell us but i ' ve forgotten it ' s a small it creates a small - scale water cycle basically with the heat and the condensation and everything but he ' s but he ' s about four foot long isn ' t he? mm he ' s huge and he sort of sits up
2449. sits up and he shakes his head and bit like bit like his the last mar hihis thingy bit like the last martian created a sort of a terrarium didn ' t he? or created water didn ' t he? yeah in a way that ' s a good film that i liked that that ' s a good film can get that one what ' s that? the last martian is it called
2451. i didn ' t even consider that and because i hadn ' t had really had any contact with does ever ask whether you found out who they were from? not now cos it ' s all water under the bridge i know that but i yeah he ' s not there ' s no so he doesn ' t know anything? d you ' ve never you ' ve not told him any of ' s
2452. like two weeks yeah well that ' s fair enough you can ' t say it ' s fixed if er if it ' s not i just said it doesn ' t appear to be llike letting water in but probably what ' s happened is he came round the university i bet he is well yeah he ' s he ' s the fact that erm i was gonna go in erm with and to
2458. of marker pen that the b landlord put on there yeah so said we we shouldn ' t need to go past that cos he said we shouldn ' t go past that because it ' s hard water and then it like gets clogs in the pipes or something yeah if y if it gets too hot if you put it on really high it makes the water like more likely to right i reckon that
2459. past that because it ' s hard water and then it like gets clogs in the pipes or something yeah if y if it gets too hot if you put it on really high it makes the water like more likely to right i reckon that that might which is probably what ' s happened anyway it may be happening anyway yeah but uh well it has been quite hot uh um i wasn ' t cold this
2466. you have to check you can lift the thing off it doesn ' t matter if you lift it off oh just have to check it ' s not oh i see so you get rid of all the water base yeah yeah what you wanna do is like put them down fucking braise it yeah you wanna like cook it till it ' s soft and then cook it some more there ' s this one company that
2467. cheese stuck to the table yeah there was weird streaks cos it kept dripping i needed like a knife to get it off it was pretty fucked that ' s funny it only looked dirty cos the water hadn ' t dried yet no man you just w moved around all this like smeared everything no man it was like i scrubbed it bits of yeah i scrubbed i haven ' t scrubbed anything ever harder ever bits
2471. done it already and i would still over there okay but you ' re not gonna wanna oh okay really so this station would be for the white this station would be for the over land for the over water one and this station would be for london to edinburgh yeah now remember it costs you four points every time you use them okay and don ' t and they ' re more expensive and the first station you put
2481. following the hero ' s journey otherwise she ' ll go marvellous otherwise she will go and drink some cheese water drink some cheese water? yeah i wonder what cheese water ' s like delicious i expect water - flavoured as cheese shall i just shall i just read you a i do understand shall i read you a chapter? can i just pause you for a moment? yeah erm at thank you at
2483. built in pairs in fact mm and underneath that wall and not under this this wall but under the next wall erm there was a a er like a er a solid wall uhu so that no water can pass through one to the other oh right and okay erm just pipes and that ' s all and then the the wall here is is it isn ' t any longer but it was relatively it had
2484. a a the i think it ' s called the river oh the right it ' s here as well is it? and if if there ' s if there ' s a very high tide yeah the water backs up yeah and the the erm the the these er chambers cos they ' re they ' re not really like cellars you can ' t get into them no oother than by going
2486. ##m they are sort of the the the cross section of the hull yeah there are these timber props yeah and to launch this ship they opened the the er lock gate at the bottom mm to the let water in mm and they told the guys to knock the these great pi erm er props away yeah so that the ship would slide out into the into the into into the sea yeah what they didn ' t
2487. erm er props away yeah so that the ship would slide out into the into the into into the sea yeah what they didn ' t realise was that when the ship went into the er into the water it would cause an enormous displacement of water into the dock oh no and there were these poor people who were drowned and it was all on the film oh no yeah it was oh my lord er quite extraordinary
2488. the ship would slide out into the into the into into the sea yeah what they didn ' t realise was that when the ship went into the er into the water it would cause an enormous displacement of water into the dock oh no and there were these poor people who were drowned and it was all on the film oh no yeah it was oh my lord er quite extraordinary and horrifying oh my word and
2489. if she falls i don ' t know you get this in your head don ' t you what ' s going to happen her head would go shhhh it ' ll it ' ll like a water bomb explode you know yeah explode it was awful so um exploding head no implode implode? urgh then when i took you up it was this flat as anything wasn ' t it?
2490. articles related that explains that type that special type of atom the rydberg atom or whatever it is other articles explaining that uh what it is um you you can see a diagram of the uh not enough water you can see a diagram of the uh um l electron clouds going round it seems there ' s been loads of like looks like a cross between uh an electron so was that you know that stargazing
2494. oh unless we contacted the bills company like in october and told them that our l when our last date was then we can organise all our final bills then yeah we we wouldn ' t have to pay water would we? cos i suppose that ' s i don ' t even know yeah that means the next people are gonna get a fucking massive water bill which isn ' t theirs it won ' t be
2499. another water bill until like until if they don ' t get another bill until like january oh yeah i see that ' s gonna be our water bill isn ' t it? unless we ring up the water board water company yeah or just sneak off and don ' t leave a no i ' m kidding let ' s not do that firstly cos it ' s in my name and i really really don '
2501. going to do it not i don ' t think there ' s anything wrong with it they just want to check it dad oh well so just to let you know they ' re on the does the water flow down then from behind the barn still? well i think it must do yeah it ' s fairly steep down there yeah mm especially with all this rain they might get some kind of you don ' t
2502. from behind the barn still? well i think it must do yeah it ' s fairly steep down there yeah mm especially with all this rain they might get some kind of you don ' t see the water running down though do you? no no down the back the barn at all i don ' t think shouldn ' t think so well they like to just keep it in order i suppose i ' ve made
2505. cos ' s so deaf now yeah i hardly recognised her actually here ' s one thank you there ' s more if you like it alright what have we here? this is erm like sparkling water oh but with erm elderberry and elderflower oh oh that sounds nice very much thank you yeah do they get on with each other those two? and? yeah oh right erm yeah i think
2508. encouraging everybody to invest in new boilers to be more economic ah so i don ' t have a boiler do you not? no no well actually i have a boiler i don ' t have a hot water tank oh it ' s all done externally so oh is it? hot water is on all of the time oh oh wow with eon and it ' s by the erm by the airport and that
2513. swiping thing yeah yeah yeah well they ' re bringing that in here aren ' t they? that ' s the that ' s the barclaycard advert where he ' s down like a water chute in new york? yeah anyway so what happened was so i paid for things out of my own cash cos i had some of my own money um and that was in czech crowns so i
2515. ' d never noticed before and that was because i was looking at them carefully yesterday oh your seals there aren ' t they? there you are straight away you got that wonderful? yeah and this is water only it isn ' t water oh right it it ' s dried salt oh i see because of the splashing cos it ' s on er on on the coast er goodness this could be an elephant
2516. that was because i was looking at them carefully yesterday oh your seals there aren ' t they? there you are straight away you got that wonderful? yeah and this is water only it isn ' t water oh right it it ' s dried salt oh i see because of the splashing cos it ' s on er on on the coast er goodness this could be an elephant that ' s that ' s
2517. a chinese yeah it does look chinese yeah yeah but that ' s supposed to be mother and calf yeah i mean the erm a dolphin or a whale or something of that sort swimming with all the water yeah and but it ' s a sandstone cliff very nice erm lovely colours that could almost be a henry moore there this is the henry moore and here er well both of them cer very massive yes
2518. turn your head to the left yeah you ' ll see what it really is oh i see oh goodness it ' s a lakeside picture it ' s just a reflection how interesting er of hills in still water yeah did you see the dodo in? erm they always had a dodo in the museum for years it ' s not there anymore mm no a stuffed dodo oh right oh right no er
2531. t remember but it ' s dead good i just remember this horrible bit though where someone was trying to drown the i know kingdom of heaven oh my god you watched that at age eight? in the water but then you watched this at age eight? uh hmm i was i was i was staying over at a friend ' s house and they used to come and tell me and i was like oh at age
2533. it ' s got flowers i can ' t see it it looks like a tea oh that ' s a tea plant i was gonna say it looks like a tea plant lemon scented tea tree looks like water spinach well how big is it? well i don ' t know here that big it is a tree it is a tree yeah oh there you go mm looks pretty nice though so it ' s not
2534. big yeah yeah dunno where we saw them somewhere in the river they were poking their heads up that ' s nice i bet that ' s a nice sight yes they like that kind of fast flowing water don ' t they? yeah i think so i think that ' s i think that was where we saw them some in the river somewhere mm mm can i take that for you? no it ' s
2539. mm and then thinking about this is why i dug this sweatshirt out today stuff that i ' m gonna end up working in mm bearing in mind i ' m living in hippie communities with no grey water washing facilities are gonna be fairly limited mm erm probably if there ' s a washing machine it ' s gonna be cold fill so mm i ' m thinking right that ' s all my jeans trashed
2541. turn slowly cos yeah if you turn like a pushbike turn the thing just goes have you seen those have you seen those suits that they wear now and they go in and out of the water like a dolphins? yeah oh yeah yeah yeah they had those on the beach on mexico as well that ' s the the guys that was obviously more expensive to do and there there was a guy just always
2542. the next one and that was like a pallet up a tree basically and that was like ten metres and then there was like another pallet above that and it was like thirteen metres what jumping into water? yeah just jumping into like these caves with fresh water in it the second one was pretty sick actually cos it had all like lily pads and that and it just looked proper nice and then we just
2546. my hips don ' t fit in and like you can ' t you can ' t fill the water up because you just end up spitting yeah so you no as soon as you get in the the water just goes like whoosh and and this curve on the bath it ' s it ' s such an angle that like it doesn ' t go a sort of wall like that it just goes yeah it '
2547. first just thought first time in a new bath yeah and you couldn ' t get in yeah and it was ridiculous then you tried it and it was the same i walked i walked in and there was water all over the floor i ' m like what are you doing? and literally like the bathroom flooded i couldn ' t help it i sat in it and it just went stupid and i ' ve had i
2554. ? yeah plenty of it yeah i mean i think a lot of that ' s to do with like all the crazy weird stuff that ' s in the house that naturally keeps it warm yeah keeps the water warm it ' s good anyway but yeah like it it ' s a massive waste i can never run a bath and like i that ' s it like a bath for me like you know if i '
2555. it ' s hardcore hardcore fill that hole yeah but you can ' t fill the hole cos there ' s a drain it ' s just going to go down the drain it ' s not the water ' s not going to go there ' s a big drain in the middle of it? there ' s a drain yeah there ' s two drains either end hello hello hello hi hello hello did you make
2561. the shops are awful aren ' t they? some of them like no they ' re probably the best some of them are awful yeah absolutely dreadful like those spring vegetable you get half the time taste of water just can ' t taste anything you can ' t no they ' re terrible yeah yeah yeah just boiled vegetables no that ' s right you ' re like just tasteless i think your baxter ' s are
2569. so say you ' ve got three whites and a multicolour yeah that wwhite that multicolour acts as a white oh does it? and also when you ' re going over water on some connections you need that multicolour right to make a ferry whose go is it? ain ' t mine i picked one up i ' ll pick another one up daddy finished yeah no one up
2572. ##colour is it? train ' s going toot toot toot toot off they go from stockholm toot toot toot toot going to essen pow woo woo woo over the water choo choo choo choo down to palermo woo woo woo woo the game take two green please off to see the italians wow ciao off to barcelona hola hola off to edinburgh ed
2575. you wrap cling film around it is what you ' re meant to do who stands there for ten minutes? he ' s right you are supposed to ten minutes or more i mean the colder the water the better yeah i know i know you ' re meant to but it looks lovely that necklace yeah it ' s nice but i don ' t either i know what you mean but you know i don '
2578. it was boiling and that was it freezing you should have gone to spain it was so hot well i yeah i w i mean it ' s alright being in a hot country if you are next to water isn ' t it? there was hardly any water no i mean swimming pool yeah you can keep cool that way i was normally next to water sorry i was normally next to water and if not i '
2579. have gone to spain it was so hot well i yeah i w i mean it ' s alright being in a hot country if you are next to water isn ' t it? there was hardly any water no i mean swimming pool yeah you can keep cool that way i was normally next to water sorry i was normally next to water and if not i ' d probably be inside water mm er mama i saw
2580. alright being in a hot country if you are next to water isn ' t it? there was hardly any water no i mean swimming pool yeah you can keep cool that way i was normally next to water sorry i was normally next to water and if not i ' d probably be inside water mm er mama i saw this like thing on another house it was like a pool with a waterfall going into another bit
2581. you are next to water isn ' t it? there was hardly any water no i mean swimming pool yeah you can keep cool that way i was normally next to water sorry i was normally next to water and if not i ' d probably be inside water mm er mama i saw this like thing on another house it was like a pool with a waterfall going into another bit and erm you could get out
2582. there was hardly any water no i mean swimming pool yeah you can keep cool that way i was normally next to water sorry i was normally next to water and if not i ' d probably be inside water mm er mama i saw this like thing on another house it was like a pool with a waterfall going into another bit and erm you could get out the other bit to the so if you like fell
2583. has really no the rapids are before the waterfall the rapids are before the waterfall it basic it tends to have jaggedy rocks at the bottom so it ' s the fall i mean actually the force of water can break your arm on its own when it ' s very strong but it ' s that long drop and then for hitting something even the water because diving people when they go diving you can break an arm
2584. it ' s the fall i mean actually the force of water can break your arm on its own when it ' s very strong but it ' s that long drop and then for hitting something even the water because diving people when they go diving you can break an arm you know when you were doing five metre dives people do can easily break things sort of at the ten metre mark so it ' s hitting
2585. go diving you can break an arm you know when you were doing five metre dives people do can easily break things sort of at the ten metre mark so it ' s hitting the force of the water badly i may have like erm i nearly broke my arm when i fell when i did a face plant into the water from the three metre well you didn ' t nearly break your arm but it does
2586. of at the ten metre mark so it ' s hitting the force of the water badly i may have like erm i nearly broke my arm when i fell when i did a face plant into the water from the three metre well you didn ' t nearly break your arm but it does hurt doesn ' t it? yeah a huge amount it does hurt yes it ' s surprising how much getting landing in the
2587. the three metre well you didn ' t nearly break your arm but it does hurt doesn ' t it? yeah a huge amount it does hurt yes it ' s surprising how much getting landing in the water badly can really hurt yeah but if you point your feet and you land down straight as long as there ' s no jaggedy rocks at the bottom and it ' s quite and it ' s deep enough
2588. there ' s no jaggedy rocks at the bottom and it ' s quite and it ' s deep enough then you will survive but the problem with a waterfall is that that you know you are in water you are not leaping into water you are in water already and it ' s pushing you around and you probably don ' t know where you are going you can ' t see anything so you can ' t
2589. rocks at the bottom and it ' s quite and it ' s deep enough then you will survive but the problem with a waterfall is that that you know you are in water you are not leaping into water you are in water already and it ' s pushing you around and you probably don ' t know where you are going you can ' t see anything so you can ' t right yourself and get yourself into
2590. and it ' s quite and it ' s deep enough then you will survive but the problem with a waterfall is that that you know you are in water you are not leaping into water you are in water already and it ' s pushing you around and you probably don ' t know where you are going you can ' t see anything so you can ' t right yourself and get yourself into a position i '
2591. where you are going you can ' t see anything so you can ' t right yourself and get yourself into a position i ' m the same i ' d been like you might have actually missed the water and might be flying you might do but i just think it ' s very dangerous and they they can be very big drops can ' t they? yeah very big but you know if you can you can
2592. really where ' s that then? i don ' t know shall i get it? not yet i wonder if it ' s in america like the amazon or something or or japan i think japan have water mum do you know what a boy called in year one he told us his dad was scratched by a lion mm i doubt that ' s true yeah and he and said oh was it in japanee?
2597. i need he ' s an actual fish that ' s something i hate that i can ' t see underwater mm my body panics swim with my eyes open i er do that and breathe oh the water get yourself some lovely goggles i ' ve got some bought some the other week for swimming lovely sexy goggles that ' s um i imagine that ' s quite a look he ' s so open with
2600. of it dripping yeah erm if i went looking for berries or f hunting frufru gathering foraging food yes erm if i lost where i was going and i was on a raft in the water i would be floating something similar but with kind of that but also without a purpose of where i ' m going meandering stop floating drifting right come on then how many? five prancing or
2601. ' s the place in the capital city of england where they keep all the animals london zoo it ' s er a a woody allen film set in new york manhattan it ' s a large body of water with a a fountain particular colour indian er with a particular colour okay and your time is up red sea yeah oh i don ' t know li that last one there how many? seven pretty good for me
2605. very well at night you were ready for your tea were you when they got home? yes yes the leak hadn ' t bothered you? chilling out on the sofa were you? of course ignoring the water dripping down the walls yes not phased yeah you ' ll be able to pai can you get some paint that covers like the the marks? is there a special type of? i ' m sure you
2615. yeah you could do yeah you could do that rather than worrying about it you just don ' t want it to leak in the case that ' s probably a good idea actually rather than worrying about the water yeah yeah i think i ' d do that ' s a good idea yeah and i mean even if he ' s on some packets and jars that he has here yeah is he awake? yeah he '
2616. you might get tired i might get tired yes we ' ll see cos this it ' s quite something for me really but look at this stunning day blue skies and we get to look at the water cos we are lucky there ' s a ferry it ' s high tide again look it ' s the same time as yesterday the first one to see a duck a duck well thing is if i had
2617. on cut the bit off clicked it on yeah but it ' s got to meet up yeah but that would still met up you wouldn ' t do that bit slid underneath they ' d have let the water catch bet they would well that ' s all slowing underneath now ah it ' s properly done now just as you shouted tea break i was there clipping it on yeah and it all worked? and it
2618. better about it than if than say oh it ' s going to be a doom stay in bed today doom cos a meteorite might fall on your head beware don ' t go in the water on may the eleventh you need to get that out of your head it ' s wrong you ' ll see i bet that on may the eleventh one day i ' ll be going around and i ' ll
2619. may the eleventh one day i ' ll be going around and i ' ll go outside and get a mouthful and choke but you can ' t live your life thinking i can ' t go on the water especially on may the eleventh that ' s my premonition woman can ' t help that well at least it ' s just one day yeah so i don ' t have a bath i don ' t
2621. don ' t go outside i don ' t put a run a tap and i don ' t drink anything ooh dodgy no i ain ' t water you mustn ' t go anywhere near water bearing water is i might be ninety - nine percent water but that ' s just anyhow will and they said we will get there ' s a tree out in their garden and there ' s another one
2622. t go outside i don ' t put a run a tap and i don ' t drink anything ooh dodgy no i ain ' t water you mustn ' t go anywhere near water bearing water is i might be ninety - nine percent water but that ' s just anyhow will and they said we will get there ' s a tree out in their garden and there ' s another one down in
2623. run a tap and i don ' t drink anything ooh dodgy no i ain ' t water you mustn ' t go anywhere near water bearing water is i might be ninety - nine percent water but that ' s just anyhow will and they said we will get there ' s a tree out in their garden and there ' s another one down in their garden which? what the ash tree?
2624. clean this year yeah there ' s a few bits of green fly on there but they don ' t half the rose was good this year yeah yeah well they were all good really we didn ' t water that and that ' s why that one looked like like it does mm it ' s coming back yeah it ' s coming back but cor look at them poor old things they ' ll be out shortly
2629. convinced it ' s a trip for a toddler he ' ll be toddling by then it ' s a sightseeing trip and even the day at the blue lagoon you ' re in the water when you ' re out you ' re cold mm that ' s not a place for a baby to spend a day out no he won ' t he won ' t want to erm and that air
2632. she come every week does she? spend the day? yeah she sometimes changes but it ' s mai it ' s normally a monday uhu and ' s got well can ' t go under the water for oh cos of his ear infection no for yeah yeah they ' ve gotta check that it isn ' t he hasn ' t got a yeah perforated eardrum yeah and erm she '
2633. the plughole in the bath yuck and then she just they ' re just really inconsiderate i ' m not touching it like i was in the shower yesterday and we all know the water temperature is very temperamental you like you know not to mm shower when the washing machine ' s on for example yeah she bangs into the toilet uses the toilet when you can hear that someone ' s in
2634. to the cinema mm? did you say? zumba oh mm i want zumba and gym i ' m gonna get up on friday and go swimming really? mm does that mean being in the water at like seven a m though? half six hmm you ' ve got mental problems yeah i think i do but if i work the late shift i can get in before work if i don ' t then
2635. m gonna be a lot better next semester yeah i think it i ' ll be more on top of things and cos at the minute i ' m sorting out you know moving in and getting the water done and getting the my council taxes and oh really? sorting out and trying and other fafamily and friends are trying to visit and all this kind of stuff yeah yeah just feels a bit full
2636. the blood? uhu erm the blood is made out of oxygen er well that ' s carried in red blood cells isn ' t it? yeah that ' s why they ' re red and water and there ' s white blood cells isn ' t there? water what do the white blood cells do? the white blood cells they ' re kind of like they ' re the the paramedics like
2637. oxygen er well that ' s carried in red blood cells isn ' t it? yeah that ' s why they ' re red and water and there ' s white blood cells isn ' t there? water what do the white blood cells do? the white blood cells they ' re kind of like they ' re the the paramedics like yeah if like you get cut it like it seals it up which
2640. had nowhere to live but him and? no just him but then but because it ' ll be all rotten underneath it ' s a right hassle cos you have to get it out of the water totally yes you have yeah and get it totally er mot ' d so scrape there ' ll be no barnacles on that because it ' s fresh water barnacles well i think there was
2641. have to get it out of the water totally yes you have yeah and get it totally er mot ' d so scrape there ' ll be no barnacles on that because it ' s fresh water barnacles well i think there was a lot to do with oh i bet at one point wouldn ' t even go on it but it he i th i don ' t know if he ' s
2642. get one what ' s it called? all the time so far haven ' t we? he snaffles them up i know he does oh this is for him as well wade in the water they ' ve got wade in the water children wade in the water god ' s gonna turn these waters but don ' t wade in the water wade there ' s so many wade wade at but that one
2643. all the time so far haven ' t we? he snaffles them up i know he does oh this is for him as well wade in the water they ' ve got wade in the water children wade in the water god ' s gonna turn these waters but don ' t wade in the water wade there ' s so many wade wade at but that one you ' ve found is fantastic for him
2644. haven ' t we? he snaffles them up i know he does oh this is for him as well wade in the water they ' ve got wade in the water children wade in the water god ' s gonna turn these waters but don ' t wade in the water wade there ' s so many wade wade at but that one you ' ve found is fantastic for him really is yeah i john
2645. does oh this is for him as well wade in the water they ' ve got wade in the water children wade in the water god ' s gonna turn these waters but don ' t wade in the water wade there ' s so many wade wade at but that one you ' ve found is fantastic for him really is yeah i john saw ' a mighty number way up way in the middle of the air eh
2647. oh they ' ve all come apart for some reason that ' s the inside of it looks like don ' t know it looks all fluffy look at that pond yeah why has why hasn ' t the water taken to this? why does it just drain? don ' t know oh maybe because it cos it ' s clay isn ' t it? yeah i thought clay was supposed to hold water yeah that
2648. the water taken to this? why does it just drain? don ' t know oh maybe because it cos it ' s clay isn ' t it? yeah i thought clay was supposed to hold water yeah that ' s what we thought when we dug it it ' s all clay soil around here i don ' t know and mum and dad they pa paddled is it paddle it? you know like
2654. good at all and like dolphins are way tougher than sharks and er it ' s just not true that that ' s the case that if there ' s a dolphin you should jump out of the water mm i don ' t know i don ' t believe it been told both sharks are scary though sharks are really scary and dolphins are a little bit weird but also i would be scared to be in the
2656. wo i won ' t sabotage you sabotage me we have hummus chicken and mushroom soup er cream of chicken soup basil soup tomato wouldn ' t mind a bit of soup basil tomato chickpeas in water do you fancy that? chickpeas in water? erm well there ' s pate we ' ve got we ' ve got bread as well so yeah that ' ll do what about minzi
2657. have hummus chicken and mushroom soup er cream of chicken soup basil soup tomato wouldn ' t mind a bit of soup basil tomato chickpeas in water do you fancy that? chickpeas in water? erm well there ' s pate we ' ve got we ' ve got bread as well so yeah that ' ll do what about minzifa hotel in bukhara do you wanna stay
2658. doing that depends how i am i ' ve got lots of things up on that checklist crazy they ' ve got ssturdy bottle written down i just thought well what ' s a metal metal water metal what what what ' s it for though? just is it big? small? what is it? it ' s bottle size? for what? for what? and keep cool oh it keeps it
2667. ##llar tracks they do three he wanted a sturdy hardwearing phone and there ' s a video he found videos of people from all around the world testing it out and driving over it putting it in water really? yeah and there ' s a video where it says for people in tough jobs building drops it down and it lands and then er something drives over it really? and he picks it up and makes
2668. he ' s my all time hero mm so he put him on the phone to me you don ' t like him though do you? no my nephew had a t shirt saying geoffrey boycott walks on water weren ' t you sitting beside that triple jumper? which is would ' ve considered blasphemous but very quick witted boycott what ' s that geordie triple jumper? yeah jonathan edwards
2672. corner of it okay oh my wow god so everyone had their own pool? not everybody er how long were you there? erm seven days oh my god fucking christ oh my god look at that water oh my when you ' re ready? guess what guess what ' s trying to be is that an infinity pool? yeah that ' s amazing excuse my weird baby voice see like he gets into it he
2673. ll be like there ' s a whale wow and i would just see it as the sea and then you can see them like doing all their like tail their tail flips and like wow puffing water out wow yeah the thing which was amazing is that obviously like you know this about whales but like they ' re just this the on the documentary you ' re just swimming along and suddenly it wanted to eat
2674. went in the sea? or? yeah the rest of the time we were in the pool in the pool and they had a pool and a beach bar which was really nice with the beds in the water so we i just the love the sea like yeah i know that ' s why i like to be in like the med cos i feel safe in the med like you get jellyf like that '
2681. ? i know it ' s fluid but why is it not the same? i love these little is it cos it ' s a lot heavier? well some things are oil would be heavier than water cos it ' s oh there are so many things in life to learn i don ' t mind learning it it ' s just it ' s never done is it? look darling it ' s a
2682. dome yeah no north greenwich is north of the river oh isn ' t it? can ' t remember the name of the pier maybe not actually no you ' re right it is this side of the water actually well north of the main greenwich presumably they ' re talking about yeah look there ' s a sculpture yes i mentioned that already oh look at the lovely weed bank that ' s growing here yeah that looks
2683. i think getting off soon mm beautiful art deco cinema there ' s your building you wanted to look at yes where does this stop? outside sainsbury ' s and then on the main by the water where we get off oh oh look they ' ve gutted it they ' ve gutted what? oh yeah they have our very own poundland oh god mm
2688. about for a year or two and they came back mm was away for five or six years yeah but some of the others as an example some of the others just you know dipped their toe in the water and came back erm no nobody was no away as long as you were or has been no i don ' t think well there is some that are still away that ' s not true er who '
2694. they? sso yeah they ' re the same shape they ' ve got the same big feet they ' ve just got different colouring on their non - feathered bits yeah and they all like water and moorhens are intelligent whereas coots are stupid oh really? yes well say that to this coot ' s face moorhen yeah that ' s what i mean completely different bird if it '
2695. plenum it ' s like a buffer a buffer? yes like it would you pass me that cup oh thank you grandad instead of running a mill directly from the river mm you keep some water in a pond so you ' d have a constant flow through the mill that the water tops up so that the wa if the river runs fast or slow it doesn ' t matter the pond always feeds the
2696. pass me that cup oh thank you grandad instead of running a mill directly from the river mm you keep some water in a pond so you ' d have a constant flow through the mill that the water tops up so that the wa if the river runs fast or slow it doesn ' t matter the pond always feeds the mill rather than the river feeding it i see and you ' d have a constant and
2697. uhu that ' s positive pressure yeah pressure higher than the surroundings yeah one function of the plenum is so the mill pond is higher than the mill and therefore has a higher pressure than the water at the mill that makes sense science science mm thank you dad for enlightening me i miss your regular enlightenments living away from home now daily science updates daily science updates yeah you learn a lot when
2705. i ' m a bit confused what it was but apparent i didn ' t mean ' s head oh yeah it was in the shell bit so we had to like do it it was like wax and water and oh right oh that ' s lovely mm yeah yeah mm and then friesians shells yeah oh mm mm nice innit? and then mm like we had two figures so we had to mix charcoal and
2706. tyres are yeah cos they ' ve got two goodyear ones and see what the differ both the same price but they ' re a different different tread different tread so one ' s better in mm water than oh i see yeah so okay so considering how much water we get around here in the winter and whatever that ' s the one you really need to yeah go for so i says well could you can
2707. ones and see what the differ both the same price but they ' re a different different tread different tread so one ' s better in mm water than oh i see yeah so okay so considering how much water we get around here in the winter and whatever that ' s the one you really need to yeah go for so i says well could you can you give me a price for two? knowing how much on
2708. yeah we ' ve got to go so i went like in my best dress and it was yeah it was alright it was just they came outside and i walked in there was like a platform in the water so they were like and there was like people singing and stuff it was quite good no it was alright and one of the they were wearing really high stilettos and one of the ladies fell and i
2709. like people singing and stuff it was quite good no it was alright and one of the they were wearing really high stilettos and one of the ladies fell and i think her foot slipped into the water and we were like oh no how embarrassing i hope there isn ' t yeah the fear really? oh no don ' t that would be awful yeah i was like oh no the first year i was there
2710. there was no funding for them mm oh that would have been good to but i ' m sure they are the kind of things that will start up again yeah but it ' s just draining all that water for a concert that ' s mental yeah i saw they had like zorbing on one of them and people were having races or something i don ' t know i was like oh that looks like fun
2711. t remember what car it was for now i was like i am going to have to watch the advert and i don ' t think i ever did yeah did you was the dinosaur there in the water? there was like a massive dinosaur there for ages and we were like what ' s that doing? n i don ' t remember that really? i don ' t remember that cos i used to
2713. swimming today said he loved it ah the lifeguard came over at the end and told her that er he thought she he was really good cos he sai he was really going for it under the water wasn ' t he? he ' s really good when you drop him yeah yeah so the lifeguard thought he was ever so good and obviously the did she go on her own? yeah said he really
2714. so what was she doing? chucking him under again and so she said yeah he was kicking? yeah he ' s always kicking his legs anyway though isn ' t he? so i bet under water oh yeah he was going mad in his bouncer as usual today he loves it what that one we bought him? yeah it ' s nice isn ' t it? yeah he ' ll sit in there
2715. stuff mm fob you off and oh a selfie stick to overcharge you sell you not take a photo of you? no to sell you oh right and you if you eat by the water mm the price of eating by the water is insane compared to like the little mm backstreets pizza places in the backstreets you could get some right really good food but one night we wanted to
2716. a selfie stick to overcharge you sell you not take a photo of you? no to sell you oh right and you if you eat by the water mm the price of eating by the water is insane compared to like the little mm backstreets pizza places in the backstreets you could get some right really good food but one night we wanted to eat you know by the water yeah so
2717. the water is insane compared to like the little mm backstreets pizza places in the backstreets you could get some right really good food but one night we wanted to eat you know by the water yeah so we could see the gondolas goi yeah cos it was lovely yeah yeah yeah well that ' s what you pay for then but the food was awful oh the food was dreadful and
2718. t it? yeah yeah mm by the side of pool and yeah and then mm mm there ' s that children ' s play area on that grass we were just and it was near paddling in water trying to get to the ticket machine yeah yeah yeah yeah we were so it was all splash and i didn ' t wanna get yeah all wet that was the thing yeah how come dad didn ' t take
2719. at the end mm mm with me maybe hopefully and then stop tapping the glass please there ' s another game which i ' m hoping we can do right it ' s it ' s like with the water bombs so we hit them at targets we ' re hitting them at is tied to the trampoline hitting hitting them at targets hitting them and we hit lots of water have i got my head up through
2720. it ' s like with the water bombs so we hit them at targets we ' re hitting them at is tied to the trampoline hitting hitting them at targets hitting them and we hit lots of water have i got my head up through the hole that i made? mum mum mum mum mum like the stocks yeah mum we ' ve got these targets would you actually want to do that? we ' ve
2721. ll need to throw them at how tall is tall? let her speak we need what nobody else is i am listening to you it ' s february we ' ll need to hit the targets with the water balloons it ' s february it ' s february cos it ' s like we ' re trying to okay but if we do that we get some points person with the most points at the end yeah mm
2722. put them that ' s really funny we need to get some little eyes like no i ' m not going in there no we don ' t need to get some little eyes no not there in the water in the shh get your hair out of your oh for goodness sake there ' s rice on the table as well put the rice back on the plate please one two three that ' s another one for
2723. you ' re talking through a pillow it sounds like i ' m talking with a full mouth of toffee yum yum oh is it a toffee yum yum? the water has gone the water has gone mm erm yes they ' re toffee yum yums there ' s no toffee inside them they ' re they ' re kind of i don '
2724. through a pillow it sounds like i ' m talking with a full mouth of toffee yum yum oh is it a toffee yum yum? the water has gone the water has gone mm erm yes they ' re toffee yum yums there ' s no toffee inside them they ' re they ' re kind of i don ' t they don '
2728. darling? i don ' t want any more no you don ' t when you ' re having a lot more broccoli you know that you don ' t just leave the good green stuff whose water is this? that ' s not okay that should ' ve been eaten with yours okay thank you thank you very much for this pasta you ' re very welcome you ' re not expected to eat all of
2731. about sun cream i never used to wear it it ' s not the coloured one is it? what ' s coloured? cos you can get kids ' coloured fifty so it ' s like for water and it ' s like green on your skin it didn ' t say that i hope otherwise i ' ll be walking round with a green face yeah it makes you like a pale green why do they do
2732. coloured one it it would say coloured it ' s like got a g a green splodge on it and it says coloured ah right and i think it ' s either it ' s like for water so it either doesn ' t wash off as easily or it shows you when it ' s wearing off? yeah or it show w like you know for kids they ' re like when do i top it
2739. used to it quickly don ' t you once you ' re in? you used to go in it when you were younger i know i wasn ' t bothered then yeah it ' s just like yeah water wow and i had a wet suit oh right yeah but it ' s still cold even with my wet suit no i don ' t think it was too bad with a wet suit was it? yeah was
2740. wouldn ' t it? yeah like you ' d think that you would be in a plane but in a plane it ' s not bad but in like a submarine you you ' re like surrounded by water it ' s like pressing in well iif if you let your imagination get carried away i suppose than what we have done the thing is in a submarine they joi in a plane you just go off

Cluster 2
0. me and my mum when we ' ve had to like drive down to erm cornwall it ' s the same well the same fair distance actually it takes ages yeah then do cornwall have you noticed the water runs now are in our bathroom? how lovely what a joy after all this if you just got some decent cleaning stuff you could cover it up though you come on the stuff i ' ve put down that
1. oh one of them broke and bled oh it ' s all gone mushy and horrible so i ' m gonna have to look at them when i get home to soak them in some salt water and see where i go from there yeah oh dear poor mumsy i hate blisters i know poor mumsy is poor mumsy god knows what these are so don ' t even think where are
2. where i ' ve been i ' ve never had sweat absolutely just on my i had so much sweat just even down by back i drank it was grim i drank two and a half pints of water yesterday and i didn ' t pee twice wow it was good though wow my feet hurt though i had like blisters not as much as cor i ' ve got i ' ve put blist
4. take over? yeah sure is that tasty? uhu good stuff oh i didn ' t even want a drink oh well have some now i ' ve poured it for you do you want some water then rather than milk? no didn ' t want anything okay i ' m going to see if and are there well can you wait please? cos i need to erm are they there? no
7. ve never seen it anywhere i i think there ' s a gap in the market here we could call it unlimited tea the unlimited tea shop thinking more of a system so you know you can get hot water dispensers in your home mm make one of those for tea that would be a very bad idea for my health put them in mm go on then er um actually yeah it mm so um we
14. how ' s the fish? that looks nice i reckon that it ' s done what do you reckon? thirty - five minutes? i think it should be done let me check the mm anyone want water? oh man this is good shit yeah yeah okay? yeah when are ready? oh man i can ' t do it i think i ' m ready like tonight if you want or be well up for
15. the hob is erm could like can take a really long time it ' s a bit annoying well if you were gonna do it on the hob you ' d soak them overnight fresh water some like herbs or tomato and a chil i put a chilli in and then you like cook it until they ' re soft but that could take it depends how old the beans are like er do
16. hi there hi foreign products if you you want she ' s away er? she ' s away i know yeah she got a bit of a fright in the bath when she yeah i squirted water at her with one of the toys oh i just on her belly never seen she never seen her scared before like she ' s really got some emotions now mm really got some emotions i think her teeth are
17. i went before was an an you know in hospital but it was erm it was er you know it ' s the inconvenience of it i mean the first five days no food or water mm just this intravenous drip for five days sort of thing mm and then after that er you only sort of like stodge you could eat you know like porridge and mm other stuffs
18. a teenager and other people had babies it it ' s and erm those it was either well people were talking about either teething in which case you put stuff on the gums or gripe water for tummy ache yeah yeah i ' ve read about that see i meant to bring some bonjela from the uk but i forgot oh well oh it ' s fine we ' re fine so how
19. all me and are like love it like this is sick and they we ' re like oh you two might as well join in just before we did goes er oh do you two want a drink of water? one of them said yeah and he was like oh right i ' ll just water over your tits he started fucking chucking water all over them so they were all watery like covered in water and naked
20. oh you two might as well join in just before we did goes er oh do you two want a drink of water? one of them said yeah and he was like oh right i ' ll just water over your tits he started fucking chucking water all over them so they were all watery like covered in water and naked started getting fucking they ' ll never get up from that it was and then erm
21. before we did goes er oh do you two want a drink of water? one of them said yeah and he was like oh right i ' ll just water over your tits he started fucking chucking water all over them so they were all watery like covered in water and naked started getting fucking they ' ll never get up from that it was and then erm at in two thousand and twelve we were er
25. clearly wasn ' t going anywhere for the day and you ' d see these people all hyped up in their shorts and that ready to go and they ' d be like can we have some water? and i was like okay and i had a right fat bastard next to them and i was like yeah i ' m just gonna go back inside and eat uncle they do they ' re canadian people mainly
30. at the back of the cupboard now have you got any questions for me? well is it your long brewing bolognaise? yes it is do you want to just dissolve that in a mug of boiling water? and there ' s another i don ' t need that that can go in the in the basket just one mug? part of the reason why meals take so long is i always cook onions so slowly
32. ' s true bet he doesn ' t buy they now well it ' s his boat it ' s comfortable to live on a boat or no it sucks it sucks and be awful they have only got water no hot water? no so they can ' t really wash or wash any clothes is that always? pretty much it just never works it just never ever works unless you have a really good boat with like
33. bet he doesn ' t buy they now well it ' s his boat it ' s comfortable to live on a boat or no it sucks it sucks and be awful they have only got water no hot water? no so they can ' t really wash or wash any clothes is that always? pretty much it just never works it just never ever works unless you have a really good boat with like new stuff they
34. thing is it ' s once they put all this stuff in the ground and all that dirt and leave it for ages what what they do is they have to flush it through with a a high pressure water anyway before they start using the pipeline so oh it seems a bit pointless to scrub every pipe to put it underground they ' re they ' re just i think they ' re just being stalling for money
40. and worse it all expands doesn ' t it cos it ' s been there for a while mm ohh i must admit it ' s not very runny so you might want to add um water to it cos i like mine a bit like mosh no that ' s fine i ' m sure it ' ll be delish so what ' ve we got in here chef? um carrots
41. ##avy and biscuit and oh sounds horrible some people had actually put coffee and right twenty - six and shocked slugs in theirs uhu and there you go and toilet ' s and juice toilet water erm just er hang on a minute and they actually drank that did you just tap me on the shoulder? no did you? yes you did uhu can i just say the reason why i haven
42. ' s really bendy and winding cos you have to go up mountains and you just feel really car sick yeah yeah we had to like wait for like three hours in a mountain range with no water cos there was no water on the coach like everyone had drunk it so like another coach and it was so hot oh gosh it was pretty horrible yeah i don ' t really think that skiing '
43. winding cos you have to go up mountains and you just feel really car sick yeah yeah we had to like wait for like three hours in a mountain range with no water cos there was no water on the coach like everyone had drunk it so like another coach and it was so hot oh gosh it was pretty horrible yeah i don ' t really think that skiing ' s my thing i don '
45. san miguel what would you like? i ' d like a pint of thatcher ' s please yes i ' d like erm a shot of gin with s er a latte glass of hot water and a piece of lemon what i normally have yes and then we all know what we ' re eating so what do you want to eat? i ' d like the large fish and chips please yes i
46. on a plane is to look after your body that ' s the most important thing you ' ve got to do yeah yeah yeah well and the only way you can do that is to drink as much water as possible yeah erm not too much water but no no no just keep yourself hydrated putting flying at that altitude and drinking alcohol is is like a kamikaze wish for me mm mm mm mm
47. that ' s the most important thing you ' ve got to do yeah yeah yeah well and the only way you can do that is to drink as much water as possible yeah erm not too much water but no no no just keep yourself hydrated putting flying at that altitude and drinking alcohol is is like a kamikaze wish for me mm mm mm mm my body won ' t stand it i used
48. drop of pressure mm mm which makes you very sensitive to our process of dehydration yeah yeah mm mm erm i often think that i must admit but if you go on board with a water bottle and you ' ve drink three quarters of it mm and there ' s just a bit left at the bottom and you put the bottle on the side there obviously the atmospheric pressure in the bottle will take
50. marketing it to british people of course you ' re gonna use british hops but well it ' s like saying eh you know when you make like guinness it ' s like oh yeah we use wa water from the liffy it ' s like you don ' t use what from the freaking lithy you ' re making not guinness yeah yeah but why are you importing water when you ' ve got it
51. oh yeah we use wa water from the liffy it ' s like you don ' t use what from the freaking lithy you ' re making not guinness yeah yeah but why are you importing water when you ' ve got it yourself yeah well that ' s the whole point yeah cos the implica the implication in there is that em like someone as though they were previously not doing that and so
52. can have my bit of chicken if he wants? flowers i don ' t think flowers i want juice juice? flower juice isn ' t a thing well there ' s sunflower oil flowers elderflower water too young to know that though mm elderflower ' s really tasty yeah i like elderflower we ' ll have to get some elderflower juice or cordial or something one of my erm weird
53. like this as well i know but you can ' t hope for these things yeah but i get to show him stuff like this is england and these are the this is tea real tea made with boiling water this is er a pint of ale simple yeah he always likes my englishness and thinks it ' s funny yeah it ' s just nice to have him see things we did look in england to see
54. er can i get some can i get some yeah shall we have some green beans? yeah can i get some green beans with that? yeah okay brilliant no i ' m good do you want some water for the table? oh yeah that ' d be great thank you yes please thank you very much thanks very much i dunno it ' s just like with all my running training mm i have to run
55. so you had to i couldn ' t really take anymore yeah what about that envelope? that seems like a good thing to make a list on yeah right not having stuff is difficult do you want some water? yeah oh no this is the virgin media envelope that ' s alright isn ' t it? it ' s keeping everything together yeah would you pour me a glass mm there ' s got to be a
56. just having one? yeah but you can have two i mean don ' t let don ' t let that be a judge of anything i ' m tempted not to wash up until we have put hot water on to shower yeah that ' s not a terrible idea to run our little sink with it ' s good that we ' ve got a nice size side here for food preparation yeah er we do have george
59. no it ' s because um tut if you have some tea with green tea with cranberry or lemon or something and then you don ' t finish it if you top it up with cold water oh okay it ' s nice it ' s like a oh just like a s er squash mhm but without the sugar try some try it you might like it oo you can taste the the cr
63. ##s i ' m in uni and i ' m really worried and in a lot of pain and i was like had a uti? yeah all her friends were like oh just drink loads of water flush it out your system don ' t do that drink cranberry juice now cranberry juice prevents utis but yeah the only thing that can actually get rid of them properly is antibiotics so i
64. ' t have to be registered cos you need to go see a doctor don ' t listen to all your friends who were going she ' s not exactly far away from her no but but drinking water makes worse erm well i don ' t it might do cos it might yeah i don ' t know it depends if you can ' t get to mm to and i was like erm and
66. it was a very small room though it could be the first of many though yeah and it was boiling in there was it? absolutely boiling yeah i was sweating i had to ask for a glass of water half way through oh did they give you one? yeah okay yeah they didn ' t did did they do bad cop good cop with you? what does that mean? devil ' s advocate no way no
67. got x y z but dirty inside doesn ' t matter because once they ' ve laid this pipeline underground they have to blast it to clean it anyway cos i cos it ' s got drinking water clean it sterilise it going through it so they have to give it so it doesn ' t really so i can ' t quite understand i think this this need on this job for saying you '
69. ev we can see everything that ' s what ' s going on yes er you know? very important yes gosh it ' s like the one we ' ve got like the is little bit of water leaking in various areas in the kitchen oh right and they ' re gonna be coming there hopefully i say hopefully because we ' re not usually functional over winter right okay because it could be raining for every day
73. for two weeks just drinking guinness but i think you can survive for two weeks just drinking anything oh yeah that ' s true no but no it ' s a month you can survive for a month on water i reckon i could survive for one month on guinness? oh just on erm nothing? liquids er water you can it ' s like seventy juice? on a juice diet? surviving on juice and it
74. ' s true no but no it ' s a month you can survive for a month on water i reckon i could survive for one month on guinness? oh just on erm nothing? liquids er water you can it ' s like seventy juice? on a juice diet? surviving on juice and it ' s like seventy - two days on water seventy - two? what? that ' s it? oh
76. this combination when i was like a lot of a lot of me sort of punting in very like suavely yeah and then all of a sudden there ' s like next one is me pouring water out of my shoe yes sick that ' s amazing still punting punting phhhoto you should get it i have got it i never use it though what? i ' ll use it remember we
77. yeah and they bo they bought this house there and my aunt she moved from london er to lived up the top of in this little tiny cottage which only had one bedroom no loos no bathroom no water and the loo at the bottom of the garden and she used to hahave er a water pipe outside mm mm where they used to go and get the water and whereabouts is it? this was
78. the top of in this little tiny cottage which only had one bedroom no loos no bathroom no water and the loo at the bottom of the garden and she used to hahave er a water pipe outside mm mm where they used to go and get the water and whereabouts is it? this was up in right right up the top of i think that ' ll go ro all the way through now
79. no loos no bathroom no water and the loo at the bottom of the garden and she used to hahave er a water pipe outside mm mm where they used to go and get the water and whereabouts is it? this was up in right right up the top of i think that ' ll go ro all the way through now now it ' s all i reckon that little house has been bull
80. s not hot in here is it? it ' s just mm mm it ' s alright it ' s okay it ' s alright it ' s always down low and er that ' ll heat the water up the main thing mm mm but when it gets so hot when the water gets so hot that ' ll switch the heating on mm which er drains that or drains it down and mm mm that ' s
83. water never freeze no? no you ' d think it would wouldn ' t you? yeah yeah it hasn ' t freeze frozen since we ' ve been here when i lived down one winter that the water froze in the teapot did it? went to make a cup of tea it started blooming lump of ice in there oh dear a friend of ours up the road there they er they went away for
99. you used to have a chair their side of the fence and a chair my side of the fence mm that ' s nice yeah yeah i think i made pancakes last year it ' s just flour and water isn ' t it? mm and shedloads of sugar is that right? yeah flour milk and eggs ah and milk that ' s right mm mm yeah well i haven ' t got and we '
100. an evening mm i do like a moist date er i bought some and they were really crap well they ' re not crap they ' re just dry oh they need to sort of sit them in some water and see what happens yeah or sit them in some apple juice mm that ' d be nice yeah i ' d have to buy some apple juice though oh maybe not then yeah yeah mm so just a bit
103. a couple of different things but you were using your your fingers to eat this first bit and then he said and then now i ' ll show you what these are and he got this jug of hot water and he poured it over what i thought were mints and they just grew and they turned out to be serviettes it was incredible to watch they just grew and these you know like the hot ser
104. then another chef came out and he gave us our it was like a a chocolaty minty mousse thing he said and then ththis is what this is and he poured this water onto this thing and it was dry ice at the bottom so the whole but the and the twig was dried mint i hadn ' t realised so the whole whole table ' s covered in this dry ice
105. minister is i mean who cares? with this lot could be anyone it it could be where ' s wally? well we but we know who hilary likes now what ca the qatarian? drinking my water oh sorry sorry i just saw it waving at me i ' ve got my own water that ' s my own yeah you got you got some you got a change of register then at least for your tape
106. where ' s wally? well we but we know who hilary likes now what ca the qatarian? drinking my water oh sorry sorry i just saw it waving at me i ' ve got my own water that ' s my own yeah you got you got some you got a change of register then at least for your tape no we know who hilary likes now anyway the charming david did you read that? no
108. be very nice yes cool now i feel guilty for causing two kettle boils no it ' s still you don ' t have to boil it again it ' s still hot though if there ' s water in it yeah there ' s water in which case you boiled too much the first time huh sorry it ' s a habit from work because i am a grateful guest if you just ha if you just boil
109. feel guilty for causing two kettle boils no it ' s still you don ' t have to boil it again it ' s still hot though if there ' s water in it yeah there ' s water in which case you boiled too much the first time huh sorry it ' s a habit from work because i am a grateful guest if you just ha if you just boil enough for one another three people will
110. object or whatever yeah i think that ' s what it was actually cos i i was quite annoyed at the time i ' d just realized that kettles are all crap you d right you boil water and then it nor they normally sit there boiling it for about five to ten t seconds mm before yeah when they don ' t need to do that if they just get to boiling and then instantly turn off
111. it for about five to ten t seconds mm before yeah when they don ' t need to do that if they just get to boiling and then instantly turn off yeah so you don ' t need boiling water for tea anyway you want it to be slightly off boiling yeah so or whatever so i said i said that i said well this is a day to day object that actually mm really annoys me and the
112. knife? do you want that? erm no i probably won ' t need a knife for when i drink? erm er yeah i have a feeling i ' ve already got one got a water is that the only cheese you ' ve stirred in? yeah the rest will be i ' m gonna add my cheese at the end that ' s such a lot of hard cheese though you ' ll really
113. ' ll really take it for granted that that ' s really strong cheese it ' s not even been grated finely either like i think i ' ve got a drink i mean i just you got water? yeah use the small plates oh why did you use the small plates? use the big plates i ' ve set the table erm have you got a drink? do you need a drink? i
114. do do that in as well yeah but it ' s just not enough erm i think with that kind of a day to ffill you up yeah well you know it ' s just like drinking water yeah erm so so what i end up doing is if they ever have you know biscuits and stuff lying around yeah i just start sort of grabbing a biscuit which is the worst thing yeah yeah so
116. i dunno erm mm i need to go and is trying to text me about what? well i might be going to oh really? what did he say? can i have a glass of water please? where have left my phone is it over there? is it a long text? when when did he send that? thursday thursday? oh did training yeah that ' s what that ' s about
117. it stops you i think it stops you having good regular sort of deep sleep patterns so you wake up in the middle of the night and need to go to the loo or need a drink of water or whatever yeah it makes you thirsty whereas and also i think that em because the trend is to drink more wine with things like red wine you have all the congealers and and things that i think
118. games there ' s a big like do you not want to go and see the film? yeah i do but i need to read it first from all different weapons and supplies a piece of plastic or water bottle or stuff and they all they all have to stand on this like round thing till the gong finishes chiming then they ' re allowed to go but obviously if you ' re going for the stuff then
120. it is encouraging to find out that it ' s not fitting the doors yeah is ' s handyman who is not qualified in any regard right and whenever there is a problem with the boiler gas electricity water any kind of handy stuff she just sends and he just can ' t cope with it well he ' s just a really old man who gives it all that when he ' s here he ' s just
122. to drink? oh where am i sitting? no sit wherever you like yeah? no i just got i put my shirt on here cos i ' m going outside that ' s fine yeah just water i ' ve already had a glass of water that ' ll do are the glasses in here? no along just there yeah okay erm is anyone having water? no thank you do you want some orange
123. no sit wherever you like yeah? no i just got i put my shirt on here cos i ' m going outside that ' s fine yeah just water i ' ve already had a glass of water that ' ll do are the glasses in here? no along just there yeah okay erm is anyone having water? no thank you do you want some orange juice or anything? i ' ve put some
124. going outside that ' s fine yeah just water i ' ve already had a glass of water that ' ll do are the glasses in here? no along just there yeah okay erm is anyone having water? no thank you do you want some orange juice or anything? i ' ve put some juice in the freezer i don ' t know how cold it ' ll be fridge no in the freezer
126. wanna resign to that at the minute this er and a knight ' s worth more yes would you like a drink? erm coffee would be nice my love? erm no i ' ve got water thanks i ' m okay oh it ' s really annoying that he ' s in the way that i can ' t yeah move him there yeah yeah why can ' t he move that way? beca
139. yeah and you know? you ' ve you ' ve you get this same stuff everywhere you go you know? yeah you get an american airlines thing erm airplane find out you ' re drinking spa water something like that is that harro all those sorts of things yeah but at the same time there ' s also as as some things are moving towards a one world philosophy there ' s more fragmentation coming back
142. but nice and who? um i er imagine andrew sachs being a bit like who ' s? and oh right yeah do you only hear the names together as a pair? yes can i have some water please? yeah slow? how much slower? yeah we ' re losing a lane here wow that ' s a vehicle but it ' s still shutting down maybe not that one actually but even so christ go
145. little short pixie cut she can just get out the shower and yeah it ' ll just look great yeah yeah that ' s if you ' re not just under a a tree with a bit of water being poured on your head which probably well it ' ll be dead hot well probably yeah dead hot won ' t it? yeah the experience ' ll be brilliant like yeah and believe the children are gorgeous probably
146. them to stay away well i ' m not tell them to keep their distance what will you what will you be doing? erm it ' s like community work so i ' ll be helping build water systems and pumps and stuff like that as well as i ' ll like i ' ll possibly go into schools and stuff but it ' s mostly just community work mm so it ' s just what when you
148. cos their their block of flats was basically there was water all round it so they lost all power and because they ' re in a block of flats they need they have a pump to pump the water yeah so of course that broke so they had no water no lecky and he everything ' s lecky in his flat so he had nothing so they came home did they? yeah well that was on
149. water all round it so they lost all power and because they ' re in a block of flats they need they have a pump to pump the water yeah so of course that broke so they had no water no lecky and he everything ' s lecky in his flat so he had nothing so they came home did they? yeah well that was on the saturday wasn ' t it? and then on the
150. she wants a lift home and turned up and you lot were all just quite happy drinking and playing cards weren ' t you? yeah they ' d rigged up this the torch shining through a jar of water or something and at there drinking and playing cards there ' s me fretting losing sleep over them no we were alright we ' re survivors and your heating would be on would it because it ' s
152. tracked back over the next day but we went to a waterfall which was pretty awesome it was but erm like we stayed in the village and we were cos it was like no electricity maybe running water no no no they had like very limited like running water supplies in certain places and like literally bamboo huts and they just go on to the rice fields and work so that was well it was me and were
153. waterfall which was pretty awesome it was but erm like we stayed in the village and we were cos it was like no electricity maybe running water no no no they had like very limited like running water supplies in certain places and like literally bamboo huts and they just go on to the rice fields and work so that was well it was me and were they nice? yeah they were all quite like erm
160. good on your nose i ' m flagging i know i ' m glad we didn ' t order that pasta i know pardon me that is not gonna go down well i could do with some more water do you not want another piece of pizza? okay can ' t see it go waste can i? did you hear the hesitancy? not for long it makes you feel tired the sun doesn '
161. didn ' t have a chance did i? not really well if this lady likes you then she ' ll sort something out for you won ' t she? i ' m sure i need some more water now i need to email the dentist i ' ve not said said thank you i tried but dentist? why are you emailing a dentist? he looked at ' s erm report from america just to
162. s just sat there like i ' m under the table no one can see anything i ' m getting some air jeez i ' m full up now i am also full up you want some more water don ' t you? i fancy one of them little vespas i think it would be cool it wouldn ' t carry you up any hills not for you why not? there ' s be a
163. thank you all good we ' ve eaten it all eaten everything yes but not too much this is not too much yes perfect thank you i ' m sweating like crazy we ' ll ask for some more water yeah do you want some more as well? i ' m alright for the moment i ' ll get oh he ' s going and coming back dear god more tattoos big fat woman with a tattoo up her
164. know i ' m not saying they ' ll discriminate against you but they will but i can ' t see it happening excuse me but equally the first dad excuse me could we have some more water please? more water? yes please thank you no problem thanks er the first time they put a needle in you ' re gonna go oh oh cry and run away like a baby no no? that '
165. not saying they ' ll discriminate against you but they will but i can ' t see it happening excuse me but equally the first dad excuse me could we have some more water please? more water? yes please thank you no problem thanks er the first time they put a needle in you ' re gonna go oh oh cry and run away like a baby no no? that ' s quite a nice
166. gon i ' ll ring her tonight thank you i ' m gonna tell her about my tattoo alright well you see what thanks reaction you get i reckon nan ' ll like my tattoo pour us some water kid no but you know at least one time in your life you should get a tattoo in my opinion mind that phone why? because it ' s at least once that ' s it you ' re just
167. can i thought it was a thing here because we ' d seen dunno has did ask for the bill? i ' m not sure did she? i ' m not sure myself actually drink some water darling i ' ve just had a i ' ve had two glassfuls i ' m okay at home you ' d be embarrassed wouldn ' t you? to have your dog do that and then well
168. it ' s not er four no nowhere else i mean i used to love the bit in vietnam where we used to just where you drink and then between every drink you have to have a glass of water and it ' s like yeah part of the whole thing mhm and then and then you have all that fruit and you don ' t really go out f and in in korea as well you had even
173. everybody was really worried it was like well what is it? it comes in a plastic bottle like yeah it comes in a plastic bottle and it doesn ' t say how strong it is it looks like water doesn ' t it it ' s about sixty percent yeah yeah out of all we bought plastic so that we could bring it home oh cos otherwi because we didn ' t want to because it comes
174. that was yeah but co - op has loads of like reduced vegetables but it ' s like mm mm mm yeah i help yourself to all these different types of pickles on the side have you got water? good i ' m alright for water think you there you go would you like some water? erm yeah please can i top that one up for you? oh yeah i ' m gonna try chu
175. loads of like reduced vegetables but it ' s like mm mm mm yeah i help yourself to all these different types of pickles on the side have you got water? good i ' m alright for water think you there you go would you like some water? erm yeah please can i top that one up for you? oh yeah i ' m gonna try chutney mm mm oh right it '
176. mm mm mm yeah i help yourself to all these different types of pickles on the side have you got water? good i ' m alright for water think you there you go would you like some water? erm yeah please can i top that one up for you? oh yeah i ' m gonna try chutney mm mm oh right it ' s it ' s gonna be very sweet i think
177. can have a shower it ' s just fine but a bath ' s just so much more it ' s a bit more of a project as well isn ' t it? and it uses lots of water and you probably wanna s yeah once you ' ve got it like you ' ve gotta be sstay in there for a while and that ' s a bit weird round someone ' s house isn '
180. dirty and weird and like you feel clogged up and like can ' t sweat properly see in a sauna i find it a bit too dry no it ' s good and you can chuck water on if it ' s that dry i don ' t really like either no i think i ' ve been put off both of them just by my gym and just going in and it ' s just full
183. a bit like baby food but i just quite like y i just see it as like ah it ' s a healthy drink mm yeah there is something weird about like you know as long as i have water afterwards cos it burns my teeth cos really digesting a smoothie because if you don ' t make the chewing with your mouth like does your body know that you need to react differently to that
185. like an extra hour of it or something yeah it ' s true which is which is his argument yeah which i don ' t agree with yeah but sort of instinct mm mm well can you pass that water please? but he is also so i mean oh god yeah right so yeah oh god oh he ' s been talking about that to me for ages like yeah he ' s finally gotten some of it last
186. yeah doing all those things he can do now oh yeah we had all the food but he doesn ' t eat food any more so it wasn ' t really for him mm d ' you want some water? no thanks i ' m good that ' s it like what do you do though if someone invites you in for dinner you ' re like? yeah i see the well no he does still eat sometimes
187. if i want it oiled so what will oiling do to it? well it ' ll change its appearance brilliant it ' ll go it slightly darker and yeah more vivid if you imagine yeah spilling water on that yeah that ' s what it ' ll kind of look like but it ' s on permanently oh yeah and but i mean if then you spill anything on it it ' ll be protected whereas i
188. mm those watermelon ones i think they should be ice not ice cream ice? mm huh? you know like a fresh just water ice lolly not an ice cream yeah yeah mm start again mm? no it ' s alright erm yeah she ' s not in the recording she ' s not registered ignore yeah? i rescued this
191. many drinks how many are there? did we? four beers four beers two wines two waters and two of these drinks two yeah two waters four beers two wines but then it says oh yeah water okay water it ' s the right price yeah i thought was gonna be cheaper too than it is and it is? it is totally i thought it was going to be cheaper than it is oh i ' ll get
196. old yeah? yeah amazing and the weird thing is she knows when you ' re going on skype on skype she know you wave to you blow you a kiss doesn ' t she? yeah water and tea or? i think i ' ll have tea now mm want tea or water? or both? that ' s a silly question innit? yeah just tea for okay i ' ll have tea
197. on skype on skype she know you wave to you blow you a kiss doesn ' t she? yeah water and tea or? i think i ' ll have tea now mm want tea or water? or both? that ' s a silly question innit? yeah just tea for okay i ' ll have tea just a tea as well or else i ' ll be going to the loo all
198. innit? yeah just tea for okay i ' ll have tea just a tea as well or else i ' ll be going to the loo all day that ' s a new is it? water and tea no we don ' t you only drink water? no tea? i get up in the morning and have half a pint of water mm then i ' ll have a cup of tea at
199. have tea just a tea as well or else i ' ll be going to the loo all day that ' s a new is it? water and tea no we don ' t you only drink water? no tea? i get up in the morning and have half a pint of water mm then i ' ll have a cup of tea at ten o ' clock water at dinner cup tea at three
200. all day that ' s a new is it? water and tea no we don ' t you only drink water? no tea? i get up in the morning and have half a pint of water mm then i ' ll have a cup of tea at ten o ' clock water at dinner cup tea at three o ' clock afternoon and then water at tea time specific reasons? not really no? i
201. ' t you only drink water? no tea? i get up in the morning and have half a pint of water mm then i ' ll have a cup of tea at ten o ' clock water at dinner cup tea at three o ' clock afternoon and then water at tea time specific reasons? not really no? i just went on the water for some reason why did i go on to water?
202. in the morning and have half a pint of water mm then i ' ll have a cup of tea at ten o ' clock water at dinner cup tea at three o ' clock afternoon and then water at tea time specific reasons? not really no? i just went on the water for some reason why did i go on to water? erm i think we decided we were drinking too much tea you
206. following me that ' s all your nerves are there aren ' t they? and god the pain the pain was colossal and anyway i come in and i run it for about five minutes under the cold water but that wouldn ' t stop bleeding would it? stand it up didn ' t you? and i held held it up like that well i kneeled on the floor while stop him falling over while did
211. with glass of glass of champers or whatever he was drinking or whatever he was drinking yeah we was sweating like anything we were sweating and they didn ' t even offer us a glass of juice or water or anything water or anything he just lay there while we were cor we grafted for that idiot didn ' t we hey? yeah sweating and grafting yeah i ' d have like to have yeah
212. glass of champers or whatever he was drinking or whatever he was drinking yeah we was sweating like anything we were sweating and they didn ' t even offer us a glass of juice or water or anything water or anything he just lay there while we were cor we grafted for that idiot didn ' t we hey? yeah sweating and grafting yeah i ' d have like to have yeah yeah oh conservative
213. cos she ' s blind you know straight fresh cat litter that ' s not normal i take it? no shouldn ' t be eating cat litter no would you like a drink? yeah just a water you see for a few hours so then yeah how come anyway what what time you ' re an hour early yes yeah erm i managed to get out of university quicker than i ' d anticipated and got
214. shape now because he doesn ' t have any teeth so yeah well yeah his dentures don ' t fit either no the jawline ' ll so she feels kind of responsible good oh that was my water thank you that was with and it it never gets easier you just go faster bus one cycling have you been out on the bike? er not probably for a month now i haven ' t no i '
215. an overhead shower oh well they don ' t like bathing they like showers yeah but when they went to use this shower to stand in it it wouldn ' t come the couldn ' t get any hot water out of it oh so they ' ve now had to pay for a new shower to be put in that ' s no good cos rather than try and fix it so all the piping had to
217. her husband and she managed to get a property of her own and er one day her daughter rang up mum you ' re gonna have to come over and sort this water out there ' s so much water cos think oh yeah with the rain then she goes oh gosh mum if you don ' t come and sort this out it ' s going it ' s nearly up to the conservatory you ' re
219. you don ' t know they done it others you think oh my god mm but was that the er injection to give you the stuff that made you feel really hot? yeah put that through him boiling water i dunno what it was even no some dye they put in you know yeah i had that it ' s really weird and makes you feel really fevery or he said that ' ll make you feel
220. we don ' t i thought well mm different kinds of scans yeah different kinds of noisy old thing no it be whooshing and going all er over you and oh the worst bit is drinking the water first yeah jug full of water and thi drink that and i think i hate water and drinking a whole jug full of it oh ain ' t even really cold you know mm i was gonna say to
221. well mm different kinds of scans yeah different kinds of noisy old thing no it be whooshing and going all er over you and oh the worst bit is drinking the water first yeah jug full of water and thi drink that and i think i hate water and drinking a whole jug full of it oh ain ' t even really cold you know mm i was gonna say to him give me a jug full
222. old thing no it be whooshing and going all er over you and oh the worst bit is drinking the water first yeah jug full of water and thi drink that and i think i hate water and drinking a whole jug full of it oh ain ' t even really cold you know mm i was gonna say to him give me a jug full of coffee i ' ll drink that silly woman mm so
229. so that ' s why she just did it the way she did mm well can ' t blame her can ' t blame her i mean so in that case what ' s that wa can you hear water? no i can kind of hear a buzzing which i think could be construed as water sounds as though that it ' s absolutely suddenly pouring down with rain which it ' s not no i can
233. last three months we haven ' t had any well not we haven ' t had any but we ' ve had major problems with the boiler mhm so we ' ve been days sometimes weeks without hot water and heating um i ' ve been going home to my mum and dad ' s for showers oh no yeah i know and every time we say every time well we must they we must have had british gas
234. be a way of getting out of your contract that ' s this so in january when it was really bad over christmas actually i got really ill because oh no there was a week that there was cold water and it was cold at christmas and um i went i came to the university first i went to my faculty kind of adviser and said look i ' m having these problems i wanna know if i can break
235. i can ' t remember the exact wording but there is one clause that says that they but it doesn ' t define what it means by inh inhabitable well if there ' s no hot water hot water and no heating that ' s hardly habitable is it? they keep saying to us oh summer ' s coming soon and we ' re like and we ' ll still want a hot shower your
236. ' t remember the exact wording but there is one clause that says that they but it doesn ' t define what it means by inh inhabitable well if there ' s no hot water hot water and no heating that ' s hardly habitable is it? they keep saying to us oh summer ' s coming soon and we ' re like and we ' ll still want a hot shower your point is
237. why we ' re trying to go through the legal aid thing or just ask er ask the question if i write this letter saying that they ' ve broken this contract and this there has been no hot water and no heating since november? it ' s been intermittent since december then that ' s you know that ' s not they ' re breaking the contract that ' s not what you signed up for i think
238. like cambodia or yeah it was it was up there with s some of the most sort of dodgy trips that i ' ve done really? in terms of i mean they had sort of running hot water and things like that so well it ' s better than what you ' ve got at the moment yeah i know i ' m living in a third world country right now like little republic of third world yes
240. she was sort of fairly desperate to get away from home right and er you know she had two kids by the time she was nineteen did she? yeah lived in a caravan with no electric no hot water oh gosh that ' s hard mm yeah yeah but when you ' re nineteen you know yeah but with little ones yeah mm they had a wood burner in the caravan you know? yeah yeah but
241. has gone wrong my wife has left me he said i ' ve got no money nothing he said just slit my throat will you? so said yeah okay and he dipped this cut throat in freezing cold water mm said hold your head back and he went like that with the back of the cut throat and the bloke went ah he really thought he ' d cut his throat he said that frightened the life
242. like that wasn ' t it? we we walked in to have this cup of tea and we were in this queue and we looked and what they did was fill up a a plastic mug with hot water and bgive you a tea bag yeah and that was two and a little stirrer you know to and a stirrer and that was two pound something wasn ' t it? two pound fifty each
243. you go somewhere and you get ask for a cup of tea and like the person in of in front of you like they just drain the tea pot and then they just go up and pour the hot water into it and just sort of like swill it round a bit and then give you a cup you know oh yeah yeah yeah what ' s all that about you ' re just paying for hot water then
244. water into it and just sort of like swill it round a bit and then give you a cup you know oh yeah yeah yeah what ' s all that about you ' re just paying for hot water then they ' ve already got how much is how much is a tea bag you know? yeah a penny isn ' t it? just over a penny i don ' t know but we went to er
245. of erm muscle it ' s my six pack bloody hell this is new it ' s nice stairs done and then i ' ve got some furniture up there in the bedroom you got a glass of water there? yeah you know what you know what you were saying about our conversations where we covered so much in a short space of time? yeah it ' s going to be the same now it ' s
247. with all three of you you looked terrible just before you gave birth i ' m n i don ' t mean to be harsh but you looked like you ' d f somebody had pumped you full of water and you ' re just like well she but she was like that with er i was i did have erm you were scary i had diabetes yeah towards the end just what? you just get temporary diabetes
249. you get in with that? do you get the council tax as well? oh because we ' re students we don ' t pay council tax oh that ' s something yeah so yo what about your water you have to pay that? we have to pay water we have to pay internet we hav gas and electricity there ' s no gas it ' s just electricity so about a grand will be going out
250. tax as well? oh because we ' re students we don ' t pay council tax oh that ' s something yeah so yo what about your water you have to pay that? we have to pay water we have to pay internet we hav gas and electricity there ' s no gas it ' s just electricity so about a grand will be going out won ' t it? a month i really hope it
251. t know the radiator ' s not giving not not all the radiators some of the radiators are getting really hot and others are just not and i ' ve bled them and water ' s coming out and everything yeah so what i did was i turned them all off yesterday and then turned them back on again and some of them i think the valves are gone the actual have you got
253. but don ' t they have to rent premises to do this? mm yeah so i mean that ' s massive so they do have that overhead yeah that ' s a massive expense plus the electricity and water mm and there ' s no guaranteed levels of income here you know they ' re just mm true but these have been going for years in australia like the one at the convent in melbourne mm that ' s
254. it sound familiar? mm that coffee ' s gorgeous that last coffee was rubbish and it was twice the price was it? it didn ' t even taste of anything oh god just taste all brown warm water horrible well at least er you ' ve got a nice one now was that ice cream nice? i ' ve just got to put up with the background music was the ice cream nice? gorgeous mm good
256. haven ' t you? you have yes you ' re on my foot again right which month? august oh you ' re nice an warm you ' re well warm august then eh? like a hot water bottle you are good girl adults two infants one so let ' s see what are we gonna do with you? oh that ' s true you ' ll be with auntie she might be coming er?
260. years yeah yeah yeah yeah er he was saying like two things you can do you either just mix it with ginger and she was suggesting or you start with a a little bit and dilute it with water then you slowly add more and more whisky until eventually you you like the taste of whisky i prefer whisky over vodka like vodka ' s just no flavour at all it ' s just there is no flavour how
262. watch it watch it oh he ' s fucking her with his whole foot watch wait for the head was that a rugby ball? wait for the head wait for the head it ' s a bottle of water it ' s a bottle of water going up the vagina hole how can you be regular sex after that? oh his head ' s going in reverse birth we should of filmed their reactions reverse birth i
263. s fucking her with his whole foot watch wait for the head was that a rugby ball? wait for the head wait for the head it ' s a bottle of water it ' s a bottle of water going up the vagina hole how can you be regular sex after that? oh his head ' s going in reverse birth we should of filmed their reactions reverse birth i ah i was going to take a
264. be nice to your parent erm to your children cos there ' s the ones that chose what old people ' s home you ' re going to go in i think i left my glass of water somewhere erm you left it upstairs upstairs yeah shall i grab it? it ' s up to you i ' ll leave this on so continue alright thank you yes did you your mum wouldn ' t have
265. cute it ' s a little it ' s a proper drum kit it ' s but it ' s like a small one but it ' s still going to make a lot of noise do you want water? please oh and sit yes i know talking instead of working can ' t do both smells good didn ' t put any mushrooms in it no i don ' t put mushrooms in it good yeah i mean
266. so i buy celery when it ' s cheap and then i get home and i freeze the leaves so i use the leaves for like soup and stuff and then i blend with a bit of water the rest of the celery yeah and freeze it so then i can use it later i have to do that with coriander as well cos it ' s really hard to come back yes
267. back into the dark you know you think no we ' re that ' s what edison and teller and that were doing striving to get us out of darkness yeah right do you just drink tap water yes yeah i remember one of my colleagues at work he did smile cos i just i didn ' t give the correct not by a long short but the answer was quite flippant and he started
268. trust me i could see my breath in my apartment oh god lord but and i just had duvets wrapped around us the whole time it was horrible in the morning taking shower provided we have hot water for a shower we ' re okay yeah but we ' re still young we can do that kind of stuff you didn ' t have to pay for this stuff though did you? no i did in the
269. we ' re quite quite erm we ' re unanimous aren ' t we? yeah unanimous mm yeah about the road noise absolutely that ' s erm disturbing the peace isn ' t it? or water some i mean in a completely different way running water yeah it ' s an interesting one that what about water? it ' s slightly different would that be soothing or disturbing well some people really like it but
270. unanimous aren ' t we? yeah unanimous mm yeah about the road noise absolutely that ' s erm disturbing the peace isn ' t it? or water some i mean in a completely different way running water yeah it ' s an interesting one that what about water? it ' s slightly different would that be soothing or disturbing well some people really like it but i i think to live there i wouldn ' t
271. the road noise absolutely that ' s erm disturbing the peace isn ' t it? or water some i mean in a completely different way running water yeah it ' s an interesting one that what about water? it ' s slightly different would that be soothing or disturbing well some people really like it but i i think to live there i wouldn ' t like rushing water i think that ' s t it '
273. mm ' s doing forest school this half - term so it ' ll be you next half - term or the last half - term of school or any half - term i ' ll get you some water thank you sit down but dad ' s in charge of that because daddy is going to be taking you guys into school on the same day as ' s doing forest school so i ' ve told him that
274. five you didn ' t get a well when we saw it on the internet we ththought is it you know we thought that was a big can a big kind of tin oh this is water - based yeah this is is looks like the stuff i had when i the house i did out yeah? er temperature it was but that was water - based yeah? w but anyway i used a five
276. was ninety pence did you do the whole lot? well we put it made it into a five gallon tote oh i see this was a fiver yeah mm which you then mixed up with water the tiny little is ah i see not even filled the thing up and it smells of herb it ' s got quite a lovely smell it smells of rosemary and thyme and there ' re little herbs in
282. oh right had the plumber oh right the er we couldn ' t get any water out of the tap in the utility kitchen oh right mm? cos i ' m funny like that i really insist on taps yeah that have water in yeah oh well mm i know you are fussy
283. oh right the er we couldn ' t get any water out of the tap in the utility kitchen oh right mm? cos i ' m funny like that i really insist on taps yeah that have water in yeah oh well mm i know you are fussy i er so what was wrong with that one? needed a new washer oh it broken and mm rotted had it? crumbled yeah
284. were there people trapped or? mm mm yeah yes mm plenty er there was where the gas pipes had been a lot of them was on fire you know shh they were going mm mm there was water pipes burst there was water going all over and the rescue workers was coming in from road you know they d come as well you could see em coming over and getting some lights rigged up and that type of
286. to sprinkle yeah and er like saucers with beer in them and that you know yeah but er and the thing was er what they said it was was the wallpaper oh the flour and water paste erm that is bugs was that bugs? yeah yeah mm but they did u they used to get under the wallpaper and yeah they used to eat mm eat the paste used to put those they
287. get under the wallpaper and yeah they used to eat mm eat the paste used to put those they didn ' t have lacquer and polyfilla and all like that it was flour and water plain flour mix of flour and water yeah and they ' d lift it up and do it on the wallpaper right and stick them up and it stuck alright didn ' t it? mm i bet it
288. they used to eat mm eat the paste used to put those they didn ' t have lacquer and polyfilla and all like that it was flour and water plain flour mix of flour and water yeah and they ' d lift it up and do it on the wallpaper right and stick them up and it stuck alright didn ' t it? mm i bet it ' s like hard to get off
289. way round as well mm front back car now i don ' t like pulling the wipers back you know no no no sooo careful so i tell you now i ' ve got some not soft water but warmish water they just well they just don ' t run on the yeah then lifted em out like back and front and u it it soon melted it off the screen so mm yes she wants to
290. mm front back car now i don ' t like pulling the wipers back you know no no no sooo careful so i tell you now i ' ve got some not soft water but warmish water they just well they just don ' t run on the yeah then lifted em out like back and front and u it it soon melted it off the screen so mm yes she wants to be prepared now for
292. that business and then all the vegetation which is giving off the oxygen through photosynthsynthesis er taking in the carbon and and giving off the oxygen gi there ' s life there the amount of water that ' s required yeah yeah four - fifths of the world is water you know? i think er only a third of of the other water mm is drinkable mm hm you know it ' s
304. yeah it ' s just it ' s practice it ' s the environment i ' m in maybe you should take eh some other kind of drink for dehydration with you like a bottle of water or something no i ' ve tried that before so like you ' re drinking your beer but you ' ve got your water there yeah if like if you eh no i ' m i ' m just a
305. other kind of drink for dehydration with you like a bottle of water or something no i ' ve tried that before so like you ' re drinking your beer but you ' ve got your water there yeah if like if you eh no i ' m i ' m just a bit bored of the place as well to be honest yeah and it ' s it ' s got a bit stale i '
306. and yellow yeah yeah primary colours yeah that ' s right yeah so erm there you go well we just got erm another minute and a half to do oh and erm that ' s your water tank in the middle then er is it? it ' s that big black thing? it ' s a big black thing that ' s a complete white elephant oh is it? yeah it ' s doesn
307. don ' t put it on because the kids climb up it and use it as a frisbee oh right yeah erm i think eventually it will go right because we ' ve got mains water up coming out of the wall yeah there ' s another outlet just just at the far end of the platform there ' s a water tower going in there but of course this time of the year it '
308. think eventually it will go right because we ' ve got mains water up coming out of the wall yeah there ' s another outlet just just at the far end of the platform there ' s a water tower going in there but of course this time of the year it ' s a limit to what you can do really yeah yeah what were you goi? said you were going to do some concre
315. come on i ' m gonna have to hurry you now i ' m gonna really have to rush you cos there ' s only one left hang on wait a minute we ' ve done electric and water there ' s only one left i ' ve done one tax wait a minute i ' m doing the corners ten wait no you ' ve nine you ' re hassling me another tax one eight go to
316. most brilliant player at monopoly oh the whole the whole time i was you had ever seen and i beat her and then after we ' d finished i ' d got all the hotels i had all the water all the utility all the properties and all the stations and then grandma and after i ' d beat i tore her to shreds she had nothing left and as she mortgaged her last property and she
322. rabies it ' s not yeah a fear oh right what? if you have rabies you ' re scared of water? yeah apparently mm really? you see them in the film yeah they bring water and they go gosh that was territerrible in the seventies? all those public information films about rabies you ' re still in er so i ' ve got to erm okay i should
323. of the customs stamp she had a stamp custom made that was the customs stamp oh woah i can ' t open it man i know it ' s stuck right? ah fuck if you ran hot water on it the metal expands science what do you feel like doing? er well i ' m kind of like in a mood where i could go out and probably will have fun but also it ' s been
324. i know we can put brandy on it and light it you know yeah anyway so like runs off me and were like oh like brandy ' s like so long gone but we always topped it up with water oh no just in case they ever moved or something and like picked up the bottles yeah it was empty you know but we never thought he ' d try and drink it anyway so fuck so like he comes
325. anyway so fuck so like he comes back and turns off the lights so we ' re like sitting in the dark like fuck we ' re in so much trouble and then he ' s like pouring this water and like w only we knew what he doing like so like i don ' t understand it ' s not it doesn ' t work like i dunno why it isn ' t lighting and he kept pouring
327. selection works the strongest survive while the rest die and then the strong pass on their genes to the next thing so you know say ' s got the gene that allows him to survive an extra day without water and i ' ve not got that gene and i ' m gonna die first meaning then can s do you know the little pollinating thing? you know that you know what plants do don ' t you
329. m not sure why i can f i ' ve got a headache coming on have you? do you want? well you didn ' t drink any wine did you? i ' ve drunk loads of water i just feel dead tired i don ' t think i ' d slept well last night cos i was just too hot what does that say on there? i were you were asleep when i woke up
331. a fishing place do you think? like a little harbour i think so the water ' s scummy thereabouts there yeah it ' s full of scum can you purify any water by boiling it? could you get that water boil it and then it would be safe to drink? sea water? they can do pretty amazing things to water can ' t they? they have have these
332. little harbour i think so the water ' s scummy thereabouts there yeah it ' s full of scum can you purify any water by boiling it? could you get that water boil it and then it would be safe to drink? sea water? they can do pretty amazing things to water can ' t they? they have have these used things you can buy that sort of you
333. ##abouts there yeah it ' s full of scum can you purify any water by boiling it? could you get that water boil it and then it would be safe to drink? sea water? they can do pretty amazing things to water can ' t they? they have have these used things you can buy that sort of you suck water through this fancy filter or whatever and it change it into
336. can do pretty amazing things to water can ' t they? they have have these used things you can buy that sort of you suck water through this fancy filter or whatever and it change it into drinking water no but i mean just straight boiling no no you wouldn ' t get rid of all the salt would you? no i mean like say like the lake that had a bit of scum in it was
341. so i think we need to go straight so probably left over here well can we i think we need to go straight over can we nip into this to get a drink? does anyone want some water? i ' ll have a of water i don ' t think it ' ll be very cold in there will it? you know the drink? oh these are the supermarkets we came to yeah i think
342. so probably left over here well can we i think we need to go straight over can we nip into this to get a drink? does anyone want some water? i ' ll have a of water i don ' t think it ' ll be very cold in there will it? you know the drink? oh these are the supermarkets we came to yeah i think it ' s over here dad okay and
348. and this was another little family that came up but it ' s because this is where the freshest water is it comes out here and it bubbles through a little gully down to a m a water hole but there the water the water is all muddy and mushed up because they they do everything in it right yeah but here it ' s absolutely f in fact yyou and i could drink out of
351. the wine erm and like there is my glass and i i did pick it up and drink it you did you held it yourself yes and i did take part in the conversations and there is the water hole from the water hole just down there so you know there was some now these are the elephants that drink out the ah the one that ' s in the perimeter yes yes yes so there is the water
355. s the delicacy and you know when the first one came up it put its trunk in and it went like that to knock the dust off the top of the water oh then it expelled the water first of all and then it drank right okay so it ' s really quite delicate now this is how close you can get to an elephant this is in a vehicle that is my brother taking a photograph of
356. have touched the trunk that would have been stupid yes and they ' re drinking from this tiny they made this this is where they ' ve there ' s a pipe underneath here running along this track taking water from a borehole to a a lodge somewhere and they can smell it even though it ' s underwater in a plastic pipe it ' s about a metre down they dug down punctured it and this
357. can smell it even though it ' s underwater in a plastic pipe it ' s about a metre down they dug down punctured it and this is what they ' ve got and this is fresh water to drink and they just weren ' t bothered they weren ' t bothered at all that we were there look you can see all the little ones their mothers are not bothered so they ' re not bothered yeah
359. now for reasons of fairness of posterity and yes exactly yeah indeed indeed yeah excellent thank you very much for the coffee and the belgian chocolate oh there is more to come well there ' s sosome water okay thanks very much indeed i shall see you again shortly my pleasure yes indeed cheers mate cheers want me to leave your door open? do cheers mate
362. it on but screwing glass mm that can shatter yeah well er with erm when he came he said to me he says my brother and his mate put the electric shower in and they ran the cold water off the electric shower by a series of pipes coming off the cold water feed but it looked neat but they they ' re exposed yeah yeah so it is like the pompidou centre or right and
363. ##m when he came he said to me he says my brother and his mate put the electric shower in and they ran the cold water off the electric shower by a series of pipes coming off the cold water feed but it looked neat but they they ' re exposed yeah yeah so it is like the pompidou centre or right and erm just said er see i i if you wanted me to put
364. that ' s er you ' ve put me in my place now you you ' ve shamed me that ' s right but there are such things apapapparently and allegedly which are boiling water taps i don ' t think i will have one of those no i i ' ve got a dishwasher it ' s meant for people who cannot be bothered to wait for the kettle to boil i
366. and organic seeds oh yeah well oh yeah that is the problem anyway show me it show me your spinach yes i don ' t put fertiliser down no it ' s surprising how little water they actually take had a little brand new laptop oh yeah? and it seems to be alright yeah that ' s right come and show you i sort of have there you are oh it ' s ready wow
371. be out actually the first er house which had er electric lighting and that was er up in scotland way i think mm mm mm but but we certainly don ' t make enough use of er er no water i mean when we ' ve gone to to the dales two or three times particularly with being on the coach and that we go across er this bridge and it ' s falls mm hm have you seen
377. in them days it wasn ' t so hard uh - huh and er what did you have to do back then then? well there was no theory test no? there was no checking the oil and water and stuff which you have to do now oo god you have to open the bonnet don ' t you i think i think so part of the test now isn ' t it? also er the gear
378. up? they don ' t have fresh milk isn ' t it? yeah they definitely had it in the supermarket didn ' t they? in the big supermarket oh look where he ' s filling is water bottle up from oh i wouldn ' t do that i don ' t think i would he obviously thinks it ' s alright you don ' t want to be cycling and have an upset tummy do you
380. ll no way to talk about your friend talk about her let ' s go want any help a second please? yes i love that picture there love the oh yeah peas into there yeah and keep the water i ' m going to fry an egg okay shall i leave it shall i leave it on? yeah there you go oh you ' ve got three is it three or four different occasions where you ' ve
381. was an envelope that left the money for me yeah dad the sink ' s not very practical that ' s why i yeah but it ' s not very practical if i ' m not allowed to drink water from it what? you get another container oh right bit dumb isn ' t she? no wait you ' re dumb look seven yeah that ' s what i was doing and i thought there you go ignorant
382. s what i was doing and i thought there you go ignorant grump don ' t call me an ignorant grump you ' re an ignorant grump do you want me to leave the um put water in there yeah do you want me to leave the gas running? yes please okay where are the peas? here are the peas thank you very much thank you very much i ' m not getting setting foot
383. sequel that ' s yes i really want to go to to see that mum see shrek at the when? now i think i saw just saw a poster for it at international station does anyone want water? mm ah nice glass of water mate sorry won ' t be a second oh you ' re taking your time aren ' t you? he ' s taking his time isn ' t he? like oh
384. want to go to to see that mum see shrek at the when? now i think i saw just saw a poster for it at international station does anyone want water? mm ah nice glass of water mate sorry won ' t be a second oh you ' re taking your time aren ' t you? he ' s taking his time isn ' t he? like oh he always hit me in the face
386. they ' re not boiled enough yet yeah there ' s nothing worse mashing potatoes that are not boiled properly not boiled i know yeah although apparently the quickest trick to do them tiny little bit more water and put them in the microwave for thirty seconds or something yeah everyone on the internet says if you haven ' t boiled them enough do that and you ' ll have perfect mashed potatoes yeah i ' ve
388. ##ency to kick in but mm i don ' t think it has and er they were almost dry and then it rained which was really annoying yes darling could you get a pan to do the boil the water for me? do you want the big saucepan? yeah and do you want me to go on to put the kettle on? yeah you might as well actually what are you gonna cook for? but
389. salads yeah but i really sorry like it darling i ' ll need a bit more wat and i ' m on my own so for i ' ll need a bit example i need a bit more water in there please if you were at ' s i would get that for myself it ' s for when i ' m on my own and maybe a scotch egg silly things like that silly things their scotch eggs
390. get to look at your place properly yeah that ' s what beautiful mm er erm obviously grandpa ' s now got to do his own bits and pieces with letting people know mm got the gas electric water oh that wine ' s gorgeous council tax mm voting telephone all that fun stuff the bins everything else is now registered erm in his name mm he has got bins has he? erm so
391. he he needs to stick with one i think so but i yeah i think by the end of the well on tuesday morning it will not matter cos it will just be i know fluid fluid yeah water yeah well the downstairs toilet you could actually live in it won ' t even be fluid it ' ll just be water won ' t it? water yeah it ' s so big and substantial the downstairs you
392. morning it will not matter cos it will just be i know fluid fluid yeah water yeah well the downstairs toilet you could actually live in it won ' t even be fluid it ' ll just be water won ' t it? water yeah it ' s so big and substantial the downstairs you could live in there i know for twenty - four hours i ' d ' ve thought with with of course i don
393. ##s it will just be i know fluid fluid yeah water yeah well the downstairs toilet you could actually live in it won ' t even be fluid it ' ll just be water won ' t it? water yeah it ' s so big and substantial the downstairs you could live in there i know for twenty - four hours i ' d ' ve thought with with of course i don ' t think it ' s
394. ve thought with with of course i don ' t think it ' s gonna be very fun look at the little squigglies oh it ' s beautiful i ' ll just go and fill that water up for them yeah it ' s so lovely with that community of sparrows did you know they ' re on the decrease? we ' ve got a whole community of sp you move out there must be
398. go like that? and i was like oh god oh my god here you go and so she and then she like took her pot of tea up to and was like can you put some more hot water in this? and was like i mean she like opened the lid and it was three quarters full and was like like what do you mean? well well you know i ' ll just yeah i ' ll
401. so yeah go on you ' ll know what? how hazard a guess how much is coke worth? like all of its assets as well oh it ' s billions yeah billions all for flipping sugary water ridiculous yeah but they own like all it ' s not a great spray it ' s not a great spray? no oh christ any more and you ' d need a bloody b52 bomber to napal
402. so when i went into garden centre i saw this nice put of herbs yeah and it was a nice pot of herbs i think there must have been round about six different herbs within this half barrel type water thing yeah and it was nice it was nice and i thought i might i ' m gonna and then i thought no i ' m not when will i when will i use them yeah what ' s the
403. ' t work any more do it? yeah yeah oh it works well you got that little burner in there that that should that should keep your prices down a bit but i know you need hot water which is what we do that ' s why we lit the fire this morning just to have hot water but forty gallons don ' t last very long with a family do it? no no our boiler is
404. in there that that should that should keep your prices down a bit but i know you need hot water which is what we do that ' s why we lit the fire this morning just to have hot water but forty gallons don ' t last very long with a family do it? no no our boiler is efficient you know when i consider how much it has come down it ' s come down seventy pound a
407. i got er this ' ll be drying more than the yeah yeah you don ' t go too much before it starts pulling it off again won ' t it? mm you can wash it out in water can ' t you? mm? the brush you can wash it out in water i think that ' s oh i shouldn ' t have done that why did you do that? cos you ' re
408. t go too much before it starts pulling it off again won ' t it? mm you can wash it out in water can ' t you? mm? the brush you can wash it out in water i think that ' s oh i shouldn ' t have done that why did you do that? cos you ' re impatient i ' ve wiped it in there and it would have been fine wouldn '
409. ' s isn ' t it? oh i don ' t know it ' s still coming out a bit milky innit? yeah it is look that ' s alright we ' ve got plenty of water round the in the well i don ' t wanna waste it well i like that stuff that is brilliant isn ' t it? yeah there you go th don ' t take yeah it ' s beautiful oh
412. his front good boy come in here how long have you had that down? oh about four hours no you haven ' t when this game when this round seven turns oh no has he not got his water bowl? he hasn ' t got he ' s dying for a drink no he ' s not we ' ve put him at different you ' ve got actually his water bowl in the back of your car
413. no has he not got his water bowl? he hasn ' t got he ' s dying for a drink no he ' s not we ' ve put him at different you ' ve got actually his water bowl in the back of your car yeah i have have you given him another water bowl? yep have you given m this is the longest game i ' ve ever had this mm isn ' t it fun
414. s dying for a drink no he ' s not we ' ve put him at different you ' ve got actually his water bowl in the back of your car yeah i have have you given him another water bowl? yep have you given m this is the longest game i ' ve ever had this mm isn ' t it fun? mm i feel don ' t put it in his bed he ' s got
415. ? yep have you given m this is the longest game i ' ve ever had this mm isn ' t it fun? mm i feel don ' t put it in his bed he ' s got water it ' s your go he just gave me he ' s just gone out good well it ends ends the round oh are we still playing? no you ' d already chucked out your card i '
418. don ' t it? it ' s so bad it ' s awful ah was like why did you wash your hair this morning? but i didn ' t actually wash it i just sprayed it with water she thought it looked like a wet mop this morning came out the bathroom i was like oh wet mop so what are you up to like what are you doing tomorrow night? erm nothing i
419. something does does that mean he doesn ' t like want want any seasoning? basically he doesn ' t he doesn ' t like yeah he doesn ' t like seasoning basically ssalt and water can we basically not have him in our villa? tell them that nah i do not wa i do not want to eat really plain food the thing is we ' re cooking for ourselves so we can just
421. to add in raw tomato and blend it in with the onion and raw garlic stuff like that i mean if you just give me another chopping board i could cleaning or whatever onions ever make your eyes water? oh yeah definitely badly? never badly but it ' s unpleasant isn ' t quite you don ' t like mushrooms at all do you? no but that ' s fine i mean if you can leave
423. we didn ' t even put our feet in the sand see can ' t go in full stop cos of her skin ah her eczema is quite bad isn ' t it? she salt water just automatically just goes like that bless her so yeah even chlorine though would hurt it as well wouldn ' t it? she ' s not too bad with chlorinein i mean depends the
425. lemon in then i always think that orange juice is too too much like i always w nearly ofte nearly often? nearly always when i have like fresh orange juice i i slosh a bit of water in the top cos i think it ' s a bit heavy oh yeah oh there ' s some really good ones on the topic of doing things ourselves it ' d be good to do um yeah i
426. and i was thinking about like if i wanted to make like my own coca cola type thing yeah and how i would do that like so i was gonna get a sodastream make a syrup get the water get a soda stream and hoping that would work yeah i bet you ' d get a soda stream for not very much on amazon you you seemed to suggest that they weren ' t that they weren ' t
431. about it but i thought it were a joke how does that work? i don ' t know this guy about a few years ago figured out how to set salt water on fire really? mm salt water? mm okay i don ' t know if that ' s how it works it ' s something to do with the water flowing making it like a battery or something mm haven ' t read too much into
433. i know what? a bedtime story oh yeah a book of bedtime stories yeah what an old a second - hand one you mean? oh yeah okay and he can read himself to sleep hot water bottle? no he don ' t need a hot water bottle er i was then thinking we c google it things to help you sleep yeah yeah i thought you thought of something well i was think i was
434. book of bedtime stories yeah what an old a second - hand one you mean? oh yeah okay and he can read himself to sleep hot water bottle? no he don ' t need a hot water bottle er i was then thinking we c google it things to help you sleep yeah yeah i thought you thought of something well i was think i was thinking of er oh it ' s gone now anti -
436. you get ni? favourite crisps how do you get nineteen p crisps? these are my favourite crisps oh god and they ' re walkers bargain bought this what ' s that? oh hot water bottle yep i ' ve got one they ' re they ' re good as well we have now mass water bottles did you get these as well? i didn ' t no they were only a pound there
437. ##s oh god and they ' re walkers bargain bought this what ' s that? oh hot water bottle yep i ' ve got one they ' re they ' re good as well we have now mass water bottles did you get these as well? i didn ' t no they were only a pound there ' s only ten in there but hey my immense packet of biscuits that ' s amazing well it ' s
438. think burns are the just the worst thing ever oh no they ' re so painful aren ' t they? if i get a little burn on my hand everyone says to me like put it under cold water and i always put it straight in hot because if you put it not hot gets all the heat out lukewarm it gets all the heat and it hits yeah you can do that with sunburn as
439. ' s just one of those things innit? it ' s not anyone ' s fault no yeah i know i know you shouldn ' t ' ve been stupid enough to be sat with boiling hot water on your lap with that thing on me legs i know and then you i could ' ve got though cos was sitting here and i just chucked it behind us when i chucked it that way
440. i was running up the stairs trying to take my trousers off oh was just like what ' s she doing? and i was just like next time maybe just use a bowl yeah and not boiling hot water or a table or maybe just a table yeah mm never again but if you put it on your chest and under your nose it does the same thing mm yeah and you don ' t get severe burns from
454. oh can you do the water please? hello my honey hello my baby is that your pizza? yeah can you do them? i think you ' re going to enjoy it yes it looks nice hello my baby hello my honey no hello
455. is what eh had eight crispy buris which are like little balls and they ' re hollow and remember i said stuff with potatoes chick peas and onion mm hm and tam and that tamarind water mm hm that was it oh yeah but do you put the water inside the ball? yeah so you put all the potatoey stuff in and then you just fill up the rest of it with the tam
456. balls and they ' re hollow and remember i said stuff with potatoes chick peas and onion mm hm and tam and that tamarind water mm hm that was it oh yeah but do you put the water inside the ball? yeah so you put all the potatoey stuff in and then you just fill up the rest of it with the tamarind water so you can get it oh okay as tamari
457. was it oh yeah but do you put the water inside the ball? yeah so you put all the potatoey stuff in and then you just fill up the rest of it with the tamarind water so you can get it oh okay as tamarind as a solid thing and you dilute it into a jug mm hm and you just it ' s pani water so you just um it '
458. with the tamarind water so you can get it oh okay as tamarind as a solid thing and you dilute it into a jug mm hm and you just it ' s pani water so you just um it ' s flavoured water and it ' s just em it ' s like my favourite food so it ' s like the savoury equivalent of profiteroles? yeah yeah
459. it oh okay as tamarind as a solid thing and you dilute it into a jug mm hm and you just it ' s pani water so you just um it ' s flavoured water and it ' s just em it ' s like my favourite food so it ' s like the savoury equivalent of profiteroles? yeah yeah but it ' s eh it ' s proper street
462. can ' t believe she won that though why did she get her title of the mum of the year stripped? god knows cos she used to walk fifty miles back and forth each day to fetch water no she didn ' t she probably just has a child no but she it ' s like bum of the year? how do you become rear of the year? exactly who who organises that? f
465. to pickling them really well you don ' t get a lot of it and no perhaps they don ' t grow them well enough perhaps i should erm be more intense with the growth you know water them more feed them more yeah with a cucumber you ' re only supposed to leave so many on the plant aren ' t you? just for like a a mm after so many leaves you have
466. thirty p can you? that ' s cheap it is isn ' t it? and it ' s really thick yeah and to be honest to turn it into tomato juice you would that could add his water to that couldn ' t he? mm yeah we did have our own tomato juice the other day didn ' t we? yeah we did erm do you think tomato juice is the bit that comes out
469. by the time i washed it any any value but this is has to have been lost by the water i ' ve wasted this is where we ' re different you see we we save every drop of water we can don ' t we? if we have any leftover see that little gel up there yeah that ' ll go in there good on you and then we rinse everything out with a that '
470. see that little gel up there yeah that ' ll go in there good on you and then we rinse everything out with a that ' s why you rinse with with the with the gel with water we hardly ever use the tap to rinse them hardly ever use the tap so we do save mm it is saved water really use all all the water and if this washing up water left in looks fairly
471. a that ' s why you rinse with with the with the gel with water we hardly ever use the tap to rinse them hardly ever use the tap so we do save mm it is saved water really use all all the water and if this washing up water left in looks fairly decent we leave the water in so that we can just rinse out whatever and if we ' re washing up we always
472. rinse with with the with the gel with water we hardly ever use the tap to rinse them hardly ever use the tap so we do save mm it is saved water really use all all the water and if this washing up water left in looks fairly decent we leave the water in so that we can just rinse out whatever and if we ' re washing up we always fill up a kettle or something
473. the gel with water we hardly ever use the tap to rinse them hardly ever use the tap so we do save mm it is saved water really use all all the water and if this washing up water left in looks fairly decent we leave the water in so that we can just rinse out whatever and if we ' re washing up we always fill up a kettle or something first with all the water mm
474. tap to rinse them hardly ever use the tap so we do save mm it is saved water really use all all the water and if this washing up water left in looks fairly decent we leave the water in so that we can just rinse out whatever and if we ' re washing up we always fill up a kettle or something first with all the water mm and and that goes on the fire with that
475. water left in looks fairly decent we leave the water in so that we can just rinse out whatever and if we ' re washing up we always fill up a kettle or something first with all the water mm and and that goes on the fire with that kettle in there actually use that all the time so we use that one first then fill up again from the hot tap before we get oh you get and
476. again from the hot tap before we get oh you get and then put it back in the flask yeah saves a bit mind you that still costs it ' s only one litre mm? only one water litre one litre no do you use as much as you like do you yeah i do mm we are extremely careful with our water because i think everyone should be around here and how much do you pay then
477. you that still costs it ' s only one litre mm? only one water litre one litre no do you use as much as you like do you yeah i do mm we are extremely careful with our water because i think everyone should be around here and how much do you pay then? thirty - six pound a s a quarter a quarter is that all? yeah but then you oh and you ' ve got
478. then? thirty - six pound a s a quarter a quarter is that all? yeah but then you oh and you ' ve got no sewage have you? no sewage no and no ra no rain water no rainwater no where ' s that go then? what? the rain water? yeah into the taps mm? into our taps off the house though? off the house down into our our internal filtering
479. yeah but then you oh and you ' ve got no sewage have you? no sewage no and no ra no rain water no rainwater no where ' s that go then? what? the rain water? yeah into the taps mm? into our taps off the house though? off the house down into our our internal filtering oh yeah so you don ' t have to pay for that you shouldn ' t
480. our our internal filtering oh yeah so you don ' t have to pay for that you shouldn ' t you should have got oh we don ' t have any we pay a thousand or something a year water and sewage oh yeah yeah something like that oh yeah when we want our sewage empty i think it ' s more than a thousand actually that that cost round about a hundred pound to empty the sewage oh well
483. peanut butter probably goes in there doesn ' t it? yes yeah that ' s our cupboard for it gherkins they can go in there as well and that ' s it shall i fetch your water? yes thank you you can leave the rest on the table yeah you can leave the rest of them yeah yeah alright the butter goes in the fridge though doesn ' t it? no no no it goes
484. ? let ' s lance it does it go muffley? yeah i had a bath earlier maybe that ' s what oh no you ' re gonna get your ear syringed there ' s water in it really oh don ' t do that just don ' t get it syringed don ' t do that never let them come at you with a needle not towards your ear it ' s quite
486. s so presumably it ' s north therefore it ' s cheap yeah should be about fifty p a pint er at least if not i ' m gonna be very annoyed otherwise you ' re on tap water yes and plus i think i really can sort of drum up some crap in here and sell ebay all my life because yeah do you ever sell anything on ebay? i tried once and got really
488. run we ' ll probably spend a few hours together we do and i thought well if we go to a bar and have a drink i ' ll just have a coke or i ' ll have a water while he has a pint yeah that would ' ve happened and i thought like he ' d want to go or something it ' s not worked out that way i ' ve had like nearly two bottles
489. and they erm it ' s like a buffet it ' s kind of a traditional way to eat mm erm they come with a boiling hot sort of well in the middle of the table with water at the bottom and a kind of a a raised bit with a blob of fat basically and you go to this massive buffet and you choose all this raw food and they have like meat seafood vegetables
490. ##sh they have a lot of weird looking creature that you can put in your bowl you know it ' s not that nice and nothing tastes of anything cos well you ' ve just boiled it in water you ' ve just boiled it in water yeah and the fat as some flavouring in it i don ' t know i ' d rather have a someone yeah well it ' s a kind of a bit
491. creature that you can put in your bowl you know it ' s not that nice and nothing tastes of anything cos well you ' ve just boiled it in water you ' ve just boiled it in water yeah and the fat as some flavouring in it i don ' t know i ' d rather have a someone yeah well it ' s a kind of a bit like erm what ' s it called
492. was this yeah i don ' t know what it ' s called i ' m afraid buffet of raw food and erm diy dinner kind of sort of yeah like a vat of soupy water in front of you no idea sounds horrid so er yeah i ' d rather eat other things but it ' s nice kind of experience i suppose that ' s it isn ' t it? it
493. in your bag it was campaign for a free lunch fruit turkey twizzlers turkey twizzlers fruit fruit a sandwich i would ' ve thought it would be a sandwich and a bottle of water and a bit of fruit what was it? it was it was a two tub thing of erm uncle ben ' s sweet and sour sauce with rice that you stick in the microwave not a good thing
494. d been all over but she ' s come back now but she remembers stuff in the fifties and forties very clearly you know it was a beck running across the middle of the village and where the water pump was and everything oh when tripped on the ice she remembers seeing that gosh did you get his name from the raf or from domino? are you the only one who calls him? er a lot
495. of scenario it ' s brilliant they all come round with a cup of tea and if you want you can have an orange juice but it ' s processed stuff juice no squash squash ooh like barley water i used to love barley water oh came out of wimbledon during wimbledon robinsons barley water can you still get it? yes they still drink it and advertise it during wimbledon wimbledon yeah what ' s
496. they all come round with a cup of tea and if you want you can have an orange juice but it ' s processed stuff juice no squash squash ooh like barley water i used to love barley water oh came out of wimbledon during wimbledon robinsons barley water can you still get it? yes they still drink it and advertise it during wimbledon wimbledon yeah what ' s it made with barley and water
497. you want you can have an orange juice but it ' s processed stuff juice no squash squash ooh like barley water i used to love barley water oh came out of wimbledon during wimbledon robinsons barley water can you still get it? yes they still drink it and advertise it during wimbledon wimbledon yeah what ' s it made with barley and water you can have any you can have lots of different flavour
498. oh came out of wimbledon during wimbledon robinsons barley water can you still get it? yes they still drink it and advertise it during wimbledon wimbledon yeah what ' s it made with barley and water you can have any you can have lots of different flavours orange you definitely get orange that was from barley water and a variety of tropical tastes as well they don ' t call it barley water they only
499. and advertise it during wimbledon wimbledon yeah what ' s it made with barley and water you can have any you can have lots of different flavours orange you definitely get orange that was from barley water and a variety of tropical tastes as well they don ' t call it barley water they only call the lemon one barley water i liked it i didn ' t i didn ' t like erm what did
500. and water you can have any you can have lots of different flavours orange you definitely get orange that was from barley water and a variety of tropical tastes as well they don ' t call it barley water they only call the lemon one barley water i liked it i didn ' t i didn ' t like erm what did you get i always got it when i was ill lucozade lucozade
501. have lots of different flavours orange you definitely get orange that was from barley water and a variety of tropical tastes as well they don ' t call it barley water they only call the lemon one barley water i liked it i didn ' t i didn ' t like erm what did you get i always got it when i was ill lucozade lucozade ew oh yeah horrible ribena luc
502. loads yeah like the whole bath was just covered like yeah but you know what they ' re like i ' ve sprayed so much citronella in there now but i hosed them down with hot water like the whole of the shower unit yeah i just sprayed nearly the whole bathroom with hot water but the trouble is the ones that got out of the bathroom and there ' s bound to be yeah quite a
503. like i ' ve sprayed so much citronella in there now but i hosed them down with hot water like the whole of the shower unit yeah i just sprayed nearly the whole bathroom with hot water but the trouble is the ones that got out of the bathroom and there ' s bound to be yeah quite a few that are just hidden yeah there was behind cupboards and shit so ah oh wondered what
504. strong still yeah well shall we walk around and come back over the zigzag bridge? yeah she might be awake then yeah oh there ' s a little bit of sun could you pass my water? thanks oh oh hang on yeah can i have a swig as well? mm mm yeah yeah it is still a bit hot isn ' t it? i ' m sweating yeah well we can do
505. i dunno i think she ' s gonna teach me how to cook a few things so that i know cos i ' ve i ' ve said to her i don ' t know how much water to put in she said well the same that you ' d put in a saucepan i ' m like well yeah but i you told she told me i cook rubbish rice i don ' t believe that
506. for thirty pounds and you can cook all this other stuff yes okay and you can keep it warm so you could make soup any mm kind of soup vegetable soup just throw ins some vegetables throw in some water just switch it on yeah make some soup and then you could just keep it warm for mm if it ' s vegetable soup you could keep just keep it warm quite a lot can ' t you? mm
508. ##thing ' s in comes to a stop oh and it yeah should is there a way of stopping it from doing that? you know if you ' re lying down and you you go to get some water and it and you go that way and go it doesn ' t automatic erm it doesn ' t hol depending on which app you ' re using erm kindle if you ' re using the
509. right and on purpose? i went to yeah t yeah yeah oh this is gonna make me cry but oh and i went to have a shower and they ' d fiddled with it and made the water boiling hot so it scalded you? oh that ' s horrible oh and i was standing in the oh my god and yeah oh that ' s horrible so yeah er so it it ' s one
510. of the guys from the the the professors yeah we whwhen we stayed last time we actually went and we we did an all inclusive thing so we we flew monarch and they charge you for water yeah yes oh gosh this is i mean i i had that fight on yeah on an international this is ridiculous we we were on erm we flew this was it air asia yeah it was air asia
511. so er so not a short flight then? we were sitting in a four block so there were two er malaysian ladies next to us and and then us there and i said i ' d have some water tried to charge me some money and i said no no i ' m not paying for water just go and get me some cold water i know planes have it so just go and get me some erm
512. were two er malaysian ladies next to us and and then us there and i said i ' d have some water tried to charge me some money and i said no no i ' m not paying for water just go and get me some cold water i know planes have it so just go and get me some erm it ' s an international and er then flight we ended up in a and actually there are
513. and and then us there and i said i ' d have some water tried to charge me some money and i said no no i ' m not paying for water just go and get me some cold water i know planes have it so just go and get me some erm it ' s an international and er then flight we ended up in a and actually there are regulations in an hour that say they must
514. have it so just go and get me some erm it ' s an international and er then flight we ended up in a and actually there are regulations in an hour that say they must give you water yeah we had an hour tete a tete you know how you and er she went and she filled up this cup of water and it was hot water she brought me back hot water and i '
515. actually there are regulations in an hour that say they must give you water yeah we had an hour tete a tete you know how you and er she went and she filled up this cup of water and it was hot water she brought me back hot water and i ' m like no i i just need cold water this was embarrassing you know and in the end i just you ' re like and me
516. an hour that say they must give you water yeah we had an hour tete a tete you know how you and er she went and she filled up this cup of water and it was hot water she brought me back hot water and i ' m like no i i just need cold water this was embarrassing you know and in the end i just you ' re like and me i started laying out this
517. give you water yeah we had an hour tete a tete you know how you and er she went and she filled up this cup of water and it was hot water she brought me back hot water and i ' m like no i i just need cold water this was embarrassing you know and in the end i just you ' re like and me i started laying out this kind of un convention yeah stuff
518. ##te you know how you and er she went and she filled up this cup of water and it was hot water she brought me back hot water and i ' m like no i i just need cold water this was embarrassing you know and in the end i just you ' re like and me i started laying out this kind of un convention yeah stuff right? yeah and and that that got her but the thing
519. the thing was the two oh erm the two malaysian ladies beside me she has my phone before i do they they were in exa in exactly the same spot they were simply politely asking for some water yeah excuse me hey i am okay darling thank you thank you awake and i ' m feeling very good after well yeah yes do you know all the aches and pains i had that collected in the last
520. they were non existent and i thought ah stress gone yes well not possible you know yeah no i mean it ' s something that and which is rubbish the cheap airlines i i i will never fly but water yeah i mean and if i right if there was sort of like a litre that would last you maybe yeah four four hours fine but no i mean it is disgusting it i was when i was on the
521. of glasses i did have a couple of glasses of whisky did you? yeah what not that nice one? oh i tried to get er i tri i text i want you to try this with some water and without water and she went it ' s better without the water and there is a marked difference there is a mega marked difference in it it ' s gotta be pure water you can ' t have tap
522. did have a couple of glasses of whisky did you? yeah what not that nice one? oh i tried to get er i tri i text i want you to try this with some water and without water and she went it ' s better without the water and there is a marked difference there is a mega marked difference in it it ' s gotta be pure water you can ' t have tap water because of
523. ? yeah what not that nice one? oh i tried to get er i tri i text i want you to try this with some water and without water and she went it ' s better without the water and there is a marked difference there is a mega marked difference in it it ' s gotta be pure water you can ' t have tap water because of the chlorine in it but it do it
524. to try this with some water and without water and she went it ' s better without the water and there is a marked difference there is a mega marked difference in it it ' s gotta be pure water you can ' t have tap water because of the chlorine in it but it do it is different and it ' s amazing just how different it is oh but i did have a couple of glasses
525. without water and she went it ' s better without the water and there is a marked difference there is a mega marked difference in it it ' s gotta be pure water you can ' t have tap water because of the chlorine in it but it do it is different and it ' s amazing just how different it is oh but i did have a couple of glasses oh well why not that ' s
526. oh supposedly this this woman told me i don ' t know how she knew but she said when you drink whisky straight that ' s fine you can have more whisky straight than you can have whisky with water because whisky with water will get into your bloodstream quicker yeah oh does it? than straight whisky because it ' s because it ' s that little bit thinner and water goes it ' s absorbed yeah more
527. woman told me i don ' t know how she knew but she said when you drink whisky straight that ' s fine you can have more whisky straight than you can have whisky with water because whisky with water will get into your bloodstream quicker yeah oh does it? than straight whisky because it ' s because it ' s that little bit thinner and water goes it ' s absorbed yeah more water is absorbed isn
530. water is absorbed isn ' t it? in the gut but it it has a it has a a sweeter taste to it this whisky has a sweeter taste to it oh when you put some water in it when you put pure so you prefer it? erm i don ' t mind either way no but it it ' s just i i ' ve never thought it would make such a difference i
534. s massive ain ' t it you know? so they ' re getting the water ready to feed lots more people otherwise i mean when we first moved here there was no water pressure you could hardly get water pressure upstairs could you? and there was a water tower yeah and there was a water tower down there a big green water tower weren ' t there? but there was still no water pressure and then they
535. they ' re getting the water ready to feed lots more people otherwise i mean when we first moved here there was no water pressure you could hardly get water pressure upstairs could you? and there was a water tower yeah and there was a water tower down there a big green water tower weren ' t there? but there was still no water pressure and then they had to pump the water up from up to this
536. to feed lots more people otherwise i mean when we first moved here there was no water pressure you could hardly get water pressure upstairs could you? and there was a water tower yeah and there was a water tower down there a big green water tower weren ' t there? but there was still no water pressure and then they had to pump the water up from up to this one here but now they ' re
537. mean when we first moved here there was no water pressure you could hardly get water pressure upstairs could you? and there was a water tower yeah and there was a water tower down there a big green water tower weren ' t there? but there was still no water pressure and then they had to pump the water up from up to this one here but now they ' re putting their own one in which is
538. could hardly get water pressure upstairs could you? and there was a water tower yeah and there was a water tower down there a big green water tower weren ' t there? but there was still no water pressure and then they had to pump the water up from up to this one here but now they ' re putting their own one in which is a big bore they ' re gonna put in or they '
544. there ' s more water on the top of the hill than there is through the bottom there it ' s weird innit? cos jack and jill went up the hill to fetch a pale of water yeah so i think it ' s really weird when you get erm you get up in in the dales and and and you get water coming down all the time yeah all the time yeah it '
547. this part of that annoys me cos we ' re living here and it might be true but i don ' t really want to hear it no but at least you don ' t have to water the garden no and i also think it ' s wetter in than here because yeah it ' s cos of the moor yeah because when i come back might be raining a lot there and er all
548. to not be practical to store in the garage is it? no there ' s no room for any more stuff in there i know does want a bottle? yet or no can you pass me his water out the side of his bag there please? oh water mm yes see if you ' re impressed with water i don ' t think you will be like it yeah if you ' re playing catch - up
549. ? no there ' s no room for any more stuff in there i know does want a bottle? yet or no can you pass me his water out the side of his bag there please? oh water mm yes see if you ' re impressed with water i don ' t think you will be like it yeah if you ' re playing catch - up well you said it was one o ' clock one o
550. stuff in there i know does want a bottle? yet or no can you pass me his water out the side of his bag there please? oh water mm yes see if you ' re impressed with water i don ' t think you will be like it yeah if you ' re playing catch - up well you said it was one o ' clock one o ' clock there it was it ' s already half
551. we can tell mommy that now can ' t we? maybe but let ' s just try this now shall we just try this first? let ' s see if we would like a little bit of water what do you think? sure are quite thirsty would you like some milk? shall we try you on some? oh i think we should you don ' t want water do you? doesn ' t fill
552. would like a little bit of water what do you think? sure are quite thirsty would you like some milk? shall we try you on some? oh i think we should you don ' t want water do you? doesn ' t fill you up no right then let ' s get your bottle out of your bottle out of your bag and let ' s go into nanny ' s kitchen and get you some
553. that to the side mummy ' s gonna put you on there has it got the thing out of it? there good boy oh phew it ' s better and calm mm i ' ll put the water away he didn ' t want that no didn ' t want the water do you want the muslin out already? no thank you is that a white one or a blue one? white that ' s
554. got the thing out of it? there good boy oh phew it ' s better and calm mm i ' ll put the water away he didn ' t want that no didn ' t want the water do you want the muslin out already? no thank you is that a white one or a blue one? white that ' s been turned blue by his jeans in the wash oh no how many times
558. rest yeah and you up the reresistance and stuff hi there can i get you some drinks? er yeah could i have a diet coke please? of course and could can we have some water for the table? a jug of water okay yeah can i get some lemonade please? pink lemonade or normal? erm normal normal okay please have you decided on food or do you want a
559. ##istance and stuff hi there can i get you some drinks? er yeah could i have a diet coke please? of course and could can we have some water for the table? a jug of water okay yeah can i get some lemonade please? pink lemonade or normal? erm normal normal okay please have you decided on food or do you want a big longer? no oh sorry we '
561. him but they don ' t get any he doesn ' t get overtime you donna what he ' s paid so we went to had this long well long day for me very long do you want any water? no no i ' m fine very long day for me we got back to the office at was it quarter to six or quarter to seven? think it ' s quarter to seven you know? oh
562. and i can live without it but he ' s ha he ' s owned his own home so he must know what it costs to run a home in terms of well it yeah council tax gas electricity water sky phone i know but i think he ha it was a very small house in and i think the bill you know and he his his erm point i think is he could easily rent somewhere and and
563. doing grades either except i get less nervous like with every grade i do actually no i don ' t really mm mm gra yeah that ' s fi just have a t i ' ll put some water in with grade five you can finish it i was really nervous because i di i was like really not ready i didn ' t know any of my scales and and he was like yeah that ' s right
565. do don ' t you? and one of them is the the loft the the trapdoor into my loft right? yeah when when i had the the gutters done there ' s the old redundant water tank up in the loft oh yeah and the pipe the overflow pipe went out and i said to the blokes oh when you put the new thing on you can cut them off or if they
566. t know the lead did years ago didn ' t it? yeah that ' s right it crumbles away that crumbled away doesn ' t it? and people ' s people ' s water sysystems were built on lead pipes that ' s right it ' s scary that mm no wonder there ' s a lot of mental people in the world yeah well they reckon this area ' s alright co
576. yeah yeah and we used to go worming crystal one of the things was how many worms could you get up in an area? yeah and you ' d have three different solution you ' d have water yeah you ' d have washing up liquid and then you ' d have a very very dilute potassium permanganate oh right which if you got that on stained it purple you couldn ' t do
581. ##ak over the weekend didn ' t have a dishwasher or anything like that no which a lot of places have now but you just let them soak over the weekend in a sink of hot water come in on a monday morning undo the sink swill them all out nice and yeah mm absolutely nice so the summer holidays they ' d start okay and i would do this one lab all new beakers
583. it would be difficult to search an area that large yeah definitely yeah but would they have you ' d last for a few days you could last for you know twenty - four forty - eight hours without water exactly over a week without food you know you realistically could wait it out um but of course would they let you like for the whole point your your idea about running to the edge and just being the
584. and i did er what erm they ' re great for breakfast yes so good smoothies was doing it this morning and had like two apples a shitload of blueberries and a banana bit of water yeah burst and smashed it down and like just necked it as a thing just like oh yeah it ' s like just so fruit it ' s like with all your fruit yeah it ' s so good
588. or like apps giving me push notifications it ' s like go away what ' s he doing? why did he do that? right let ' s get some fuel i ' ve bought my glass water bottle oh did you? oh was looking them up the other day were you? yeah like just for a few minutes er cos i thought oh it might be good to get one yeah i could only
589. with the ceramic cork thing but yeah a smaller version yeah so i ' m thinking i might you know of getting that it ' s only about three pound oh right cos i ' m not keeping water i want it you know wha i use it erm mainly when i i ' m in work mm at the desk and i can leave it in my locker and so i want to drink quite a
590. you know wha i use it erm mainly when i i ' m in work mm at the desk and i can leave it in my locker and so i want to drink quite a lot of water especially when i ' m cycling uhu erm it ' s about seven hundred mil or something yeah oh that ' s quite big is it? yeah think about an well i i ' ve got it
591. i don ' t think they ' re long oh right it ' s just probably wide yeah wiwith a narrow neck cos i know seven fifty is quite big but it might be similar to those water bottles like yeah you know you can get seven mm fifty? mm and it ' s wide rather than long? yeah and they ' re they ' re quite handy those ones are not bad i don '
592. they don ' t send it you just mark it as dispatched that ' s oh right how it works i ' ve ordered from ebay before oh right yeah i saw one and it says a sports water bottle yeah that interested me cos i thought it might be a bit more durable cos if they do one kind of put in your bag when i ' m out cycling as well yeah i think the
594. i thought you ' d disappeared no i was just getting the photos in the car yeah he ' s alright yeah he ' s still there he ' s still there mm and he ' s got his water with him so he ' s alright i got out the new peanut butter otherwise we ' re just scraping ours out mm mm so how ' s it going then? is it nearly there? gotta drill and
595. quick must ' ve been a big effort but then he ran out through all the rubbish mm i think that ' s how his eye went funny further round the walk he went down a ditch looking for water and it was empty one where he normally goes down and has a drink so ththere was a slope down which is er the deer probably use he went off that way and then he tried to get
598. coming down to er she never would ' ve gone to she learnt more about the world when she came down to us than when she was tucked away at right you know she really put salt in her water her drink of water did i? she went mad did i? mm i can ' t remember that i ' ll tell er no that ' s a good reason to and i you can message through facebook
599. she never would ' ve gone to she learnt more about the world when she came down to us than when she was tucked away at right you know she really put salt in her water her drink of water did i? she went mad did i? mm i can ' t remember that i ' ll tell er no that ' s a good reason to and i you can message through facebook can ' t you
603. then her mum ' s like oh your strap on your bag is twisted have you put your pencil case in? is your planner in? erm i ' ve done your lunch have you got your water? and i ' m like i ' ve packed your bag what is this? and goes to me can you sort yourself out and get up in the morning? i ' m like erm most days
604. home a week and a half yeah oh i left my fudge at home oh never mind wanna mint? yeah i ' ll have another mint i shouldn ' t keep eating fudge anyway we got water down here and all yeah what i need is a sandwich have you had breakfast? yeah of course but it was like three hours ago now yeah i know well i ' ve only had a we ' re
605. work yeah i ' m sure you do what ' s this bloody it ' s a dual carriageway innit? that ' s why you need to keep a more than a tiny little bottle of water that little bottle of water you take i drink that and teach in one lesson in korea i wee after every one of my classes cos i just spend a lesson drinking water don ' t know why it
606. sure you do what ' s this bloody it ' s a dual carriageway innit? that ' s why you need to keep a more than a tiny little bottle of water that little bottle of water you take i drink that and teach in one lesson in korea i wee after every one of my classes cos i just spend a lesson drinking water don ' t know why it just sort of become a
607. a tiny little bottle of water that little bottle of water you take i drink that and teach in one lesson in korea i wee after every one of my classes cos i just spend a lesson drinking water don ' t know why it just sort of become a habit it ' s cos you get a dry mouth talking and stuff as well don ' t you? mm must be roadworks up here or
608. ? that is all things like i suppose er guns and i dunno really cars you know mm model antiques vintage model i dunno mm i ' ll have to google that one can i have some water please? but they ' ve they ' ve used it on erm bargain hunt before yeah i ' m sure they have bargain hunt ' s gotta find ways of becoming more and more entertaining the same formula
612. have a little bit of a turn it might be that we have to put it back on so it was in a bain - marie can you remember what a bain - marie is? no mummy a water bath so i ' ve got a saucepan of lightly boiling water and then i put that erm glass container in the saucepan or just resting over it so the the steam basically melt it so it
613. to put it back on so it was in a bain - marie can you remember what a bain - marie is? no mummy a water bath so i ' ve got a saucepan of lightly boiling water and then i put that erm glass container in the saucepan or just resting over it so the the steam basically melt it so it ' s quite a gentle mm way of melting you can do this
614. whole wodge of chocolate on this palette knife if you ' re gonna professional and smooth you do in fact what you can do is dip your palette knife into erm a glass or cup of hot water to make it smooth every time but we don ' t need to bother yeah but what i ' m saying is we want to smooth the top first leave that packet alone or i ' m gonna take it
616. or that that assumes she knows what a cappuccino is ye yeah yeah that ' s just as the italians say acqua sporca which is what you just had dirty water yes dirty water acqua sporca which is which is their slang word for an american coffee though they don ' t say that okay no no that ' s right to the americans who order it that ' s right
617. and they they pour milk into it and that ' s you know that ' s held in some contempt is it? that that ' s the one they mm often call acqua sporca dirty water but you wouldn ' t ask for acqua sporca you ' d ask for an americano well er no i mean as a joke right yeah you know i mean okay i think it ' s
618. i c i can ' t believe that many italians would drink an americano cos it it is a bit like erm you know you you may as well get erm instant coffee pour boiling water on it yes and pour the milk in yeah i mean cos that that ' s that ' s that ' s right that ' s right eessentially all it is i i can ' t
623. for your your yeah that washing machine that ' s right machine or dishwasher and so on if it ' s getting much harder is well known to be a hard area you know a centre of water aficionados and cognoscenti cos they right turn on the tap and they say mm this is not the same reservoir no it ' s it ' s and it ' s not yes and
626. doing ba the bathroom thing er and he was yeah looking round the bathroom and he you know he was perfectly you know sensible and he said to me first question er do you have high pressurised water? and i thought oh god i i don ' t i have absolutely no idea well i no i wouldn ' t know what what the definition of that was i mean it ' s gonna be it '
630. ##s i ' ve never known before i i ' ve been asked about hard and soft water ah okay right but right i ' ve never been asked or heard about high or low water pressurised water well no i don ' t know i i ' d it it i i may be mm doing him a disservice here he may have said do you have a pressurising pressurising
631. there is make any more sense? there is such a thing as that yes erm that that ' s where i think it might be something to do with where you turn the tap on the hot water top the boiler comes on instantly and heats the water no it ' s not he didn ' t mean that? no it didn ' t mean that oh right okay well i give in but that could only
632. a thing as that yes erm that that ' s where i think it might be something to do with where you turn the tap on the hot water top the boiler comes on instantly and heats the water no it ' s not he didn ' t mean that? no it didn ' t mean that oh right okay well i give in but that could only be a gas thing erm well i don '
633. i give in but that could only be a gas thing erm well i don ' t know there are new there are taps now apparently that you can have by your sink yeah and they do hot water cold water or or boiling water instantly now how they do that that ' s just must be some kind of special electri electricity thing they go through i don ' t know okay if it ' s a
634. in but that could only be a gas thing erm well i don ' t know there are new there are taps now apparently that you can have by your sink yeah and they do hot water cold water or or boiling water instantly now how they do that that ' s just must be some kind of special electri electricity thing they go through i don ' t know okay if it ' s a hadron
635. only be a gas thing erm well i don ' t know there are new there are taps now apparently that you can have by your sink yeah and they do hot water cold water or or boiling water instantly now how they do that that ' s just must be some kind of special electri electricity thing they go through i don ' t know okay if it ' s a hadron collider spin
638. honest he did tell the teacher he was gonna erm go on the bus soon as he ' s not but he also told the teacher he was going to new york can you get me some more water? mm that was when you were in mr ' s class mr i am going to move to i new york he was al but he told loads of fibs in well it ' s not fibs
639. were pretty young they were only about twenty weren ' t they when we first came in? yeah yeah but the other table that had they had fruit juice and the table behind us later on they had water yeah and we had water whereas in days gone by you didn ' t go to a pub and order water no no that would ' ve been really frowned upon if you went in and said i ' ll
640. only about twenty weren ' t they when we first came in? yeah yeah but the other table that had they had fruit juice and the table behind us later on they had water yeah and we had water whereas in days gone by you didn ' t go to a pub and order water no no that would ' ve been really frowned upon if you went in and said i ' ll have two glasses of water
641. the other table that had they had fruit juice and the table behind us later on they had water yeah and we had water whereas in days gone by you didn ' t go to a pub and order water no no that would ' ve been really frowned upon if you went in and said i ' ll have two glasses of water please no and now that ' s the norm and food is the the main business
642. whereas in days gone by you didn ' t go to a pub and order water no no that would ' ve been really frowned upon if you went in and said i ' ll have two glasses of water please no and now that ' s the norm and food is the the main business yeah i remember in ' s house over in my mum ' s hou er ' s house i would say it was
655. and it ' ll go up more if we have drought conditions anyway all the vegetables ' ll go up inevitably yeah i ' m quite surprised that they haven ' t warned us in this area mm about water shortage because hosepipe bans yeah is um yeah is it in this area as well? no or just in the south? it ' s all not yet in the south and southeast mm but it will
660. of times yeah mm erm well you ' ll just have to win the lottery won ' t you? would you want to do up a water tower? i ' d love to live in that water tower i really would love to live in that water tower they paid two hundred and eight thousand pound for it mm and then they spent another two hundred thousand doing it up i know but look how much it
661. just have to win the lottery won ' t you? would you want to do up a water tower? i ' d love to live in that water tower i really would love to live in that water tower they paid two hundred and eight thousand pound for it mm and then they spent another two hundred thousand doing it up i know but look how much it ' s worth now yeah yeah that view they have
668. ' t do it one day and it ' s now this is very peculiar very peculiar oh jesus you alright? what did you do? just lifted that juice up and flicked it out oh just got water down my top nice that ' s quite a g good shot though water well done actually i won ' t open it now i ' ll have some coke instead yeah she ' s just being weird being yeah
669. peculiar very peculiar oh jesus you alright? what did you do? just lifted that juice up and flicked it out oh just got water down my top nice that ' s quite a g good shot though water well done actually i won ' t open it now i ' ll have some coke instead yeah she ' s just being weird being yeah but oh well oh so what did you get up today? how was
671. to go round the cot and some cu she ' s ready for cups now she needs a cup yeah she ' s nearly there isn ' t she? she needs a cup for the little bit of water that she ' s been drinking yeah so she can practice and yeah and then she then she ' ll start on water soon as a drink like when it ' s hot and stuff i don ' t really
672. nearly there isn ' t she? she needs a cup for the little bit of water that she ' s been drinking yeah so she can practice and yeah and then she then she ' ll start on water soon as a drink like when it ' s hot and stuff i don ' t really know i guess you ' ll just tell when when she gets to that stage you ' ll just start realising what she
673. need a lot of drink until she starts eating because she needs to drink milk from the doesn ' t she? not crisps not crisps yeah so she doesn ' t really need a lot of water unless it ' s very hot her eyes are so erm red it ' s like she ' s got massive bags under them she ' s been rubbing them doesn ' t look very good does it?
674. i mean it is well it happened look where it happens it ' s in very poor areas where they ' ve got no medical treatment i ' m really thirsty do you think you can grab me some water or something? yeah yeah so this book i ' m gonna get back into this shit again mm cos like it ' s really interesting reading like talking to you about it i needed i needed some time
675. so what a vast improvement mm yeah yeah cos the previous one was horrendous really yeah yeah yeah yeah but without you they couldn ' t have done it well no no first find the water supply yeah well now you know don ' t you? actually no it was mm quite good actually er it but the key was there and everything it ' s all in the hole oh right yeah you know
678. do with petrol you can only fill up once and well that ' s it it ' s a bit dangerous to so the next time you go don ' t forget i ' ve got to put some water in my yes screen wash ye i will do that then you ' ve got a new pot of it haven ' t you? yes mm i well i ' ve been using quite a lot lately so yes
679. not closed that ' s it so as er oh right you don ' t forget really yes mm i pulled up at that cafe place at loose bonnet though and i thought i had seen the the bottled water in the back and i did and so i i put that in the car seems to get very dirty now i mean mm i know it ' s shocking in a week mm it ' s amazing how dirty
681. yeah mm and it seems to roll off the fields doesn ' t it mm somehow? mm yeah it does it wasn ' t until we got into oh the water let ' s bang that erm water in that it do that it becabecame clear better yeah yes just put water in if you like er just top it up take that but i can ' t find them now oh right okay
682. yeah it does it wasn ' t until we got into oh the water let ' s bang that erm water in that it do that it becabecame clear better yeah yes just put water in if you like er just top it up take that but i can ' t find them now oh right okay haven ' t found them since christmas i wondered if you took them did you? i don
684. alright oh yeah it ' s mine everyone drinks stop this they ' re almost done almost there you like this drink you know i got used yeah she ' s gonna finish it shall we give her a water run for finishing? can finish it right now she must be taking a sip if she actually took sips of it that is his go yaay everyone probably yeah after you after you no no no after
686. ? it ' s just so as in black treacle? yeah oh i love that really? oh yeah it ' s so strong oh god that ' s like mm yeah is it making your mouth water the thought of it? yeah oh my god oh yeah yeah i love black treacle mm yes oh i ' ll send him round here to so he can make it with you then yeah like a tre
687. for a walk somewhere in yorkshire cos it ' s his favourite part of of the world mm got up one morning beautiful day pretty little stream trickling down mm to give and he always took his water boiled it made his tea brushed his teeth everything with this yeah fresh stream water yeah packed up one day and was walking up stream and there ' s a dead sheep laying in the stream oh no bad luck
688. of the world mm got up one morning beautiful day pretty little stream trickling down mm to give and he always took his water boiled it made his tea brushed his teeth everything with this yeah fresh stream water yeah packed up one day and was walking up stream and there ' s a dead sheep laying in the stream oh no bad luck but at least he ' d boiled it yeah yeah and it didn ' t
689. told me because it hers is just a suite innit? yeah it it was just not too much no i won ' t do okay that ' s lovely thanks did you want a bit of soda water in it? no thank you no so what it ' s only rose innit? yeah yeah no it ' s okay yeah cheers mm cheers yeah so that was nice your very good health cheers yeah mm
690. ? just watering a plant innit? i only allow ten minutes pardon? what is that timing the plant? yeah we ' re watering the plants yeah oh i just sit mine in a bucket of water and yeah well i forget them if i do that and come back about a day later yeah that ' s right must drain them that there pink one is doing really well in in the other room yeah she
692. just left it there and then after about eighteen months someone noticed that was shooting again started watering it again it started growing again what? it was growing leaves wow but it had gone eighteen months with no water yeah it ' s doing quite well that ' s weird isn ' t it yeah weird that must have gone dormant for that long then well yeah i suppose so yeah plants do plants are weird things aren '
693. the late frost because of the cold nights in may and june oh right right? made all the new potatoes very pretty useless and and go all mashy and floury yeah but they had too much water as well wasn ' t it? it did it was really bad wasn ' t it early in the year? yeah it was really bad yeah and it was sort of really dry i think that ' s
694. see the birds ate it hmm? loads of birds apparently were were on it what you have to do but i think it ' s killed now what you have to do yeah? is to seed it water it and lay clear polythene on the top over the top yeah stop the birds getting to it and then it ' ll sprout yeah we should have done that and then you can take the
699. to have new washing machines she had to have new you know erm microwave yeah never the cheap ones either no then she turned up she had to have a she ' d paid someone to put a water softener in you know and not every time you ' re talking about hundreds of pounds yeah if not thousands yeah and at the drop of a hat you know oh mm she just spend money no you know
700. yeah they ' ve got a dumper they ' ve got an all terrain sort of extendable forklift truck crane thing yeah and er what else have they got there? they ' ve got a water bowser and you know and you know all this sort of it ' s sort of more there seems to be more plant than there are blokes crikey they ' ve got a water bows
709. ' t be allowed to will they? no they won ' t will they no they might put tanks in what? they might put tanks in yeah but if they do the tanks will fill up with water won ' t they ground water well they will yeah cos i mean they only they ' re two way aren ' t they? they ' re suppose to soak out but they ' ll just fill
714. sort of silt you know good draining material yeah but the water table ' s so high yeah mm oh huh well they have got well that ain ' t far away from you really is it the water tower? that ' s right so so what? well they could they could pump more water in it the water tower that ' s drinking water mm yeah i dunno they ' ll come out right in
715. yeah mm oh huh well they have got well that ain ' t far away from you really is it the water tower? that ' s right so so what? well they could they could pump more water in it the water tower that ' s drinking water mm yeah i dunno they ' ll come out right in the wash well i suppose so i suppose by this time next year they ' ll be people
716. well they have got well that ain ' t far away from you really is it the water tower? that ' s right so so what? well they could they could pump more water in it the water tower that ' s drinking water mm yeah i dunno they ' ll come out right in the wash well i suppose so i suppose by this time next year they ' ll be people living there and all
717. ain ' t far away from you really is it the water tower? that ' s right so so what? well they could they could pump more water in it the water tower that ' s drinking water mm yeah i dunno they ' ll come out right in the wash well i suppose so i suppose by this time next year they ' ll be people living there and all sorts weren ' t there yeah
718. erm from an outside perspective i probably look really boring i go to bed at ten o ' clock and i wake up between six and seven and i you know eat porridge and exercise and drink water and uhu? don ' t i ' m not drinking so i probably look really boring but i ' ve done all that stuff i ' ve done the drinking and the partying and yeah i probably
719. then i have a decaf in the afternoon mm and that i ' ll either use the blue no the blue top milk or coconut milk coconut milk is lovely is it sweet? yeah oh right coconut water is even have to tried coconut water? i think i have that ' s it ' s really nice there we go hang on what did i switch on the wrong one? no i switched them over oh
720. the afternoon mm and that i ' ll either use the blue no the blue top milk or coconut milk coconut milk is lovely is it sweet? yeah oh right coconut water is even have to tried coconut water? i think i have that ' s it ' s really nice there we go hang on what did i switch on the wrong one? no i switched them over oh i ' ll just do that one
724. yeah but you were manking weren ' t you? manking? yeah oh right is that a word? messing i ' ve not heard you say that before manking about that tastes like soda water does it? uhu is it? bit salty doesn ' t say that it is does it? have a taste and you ' ll see i don ' t like fizzy water anyway i wonder is
725. tastes like soda water does it? uhu is it? bit salty doesn ' t say that it is does it? have a taste and you ' ll see i don ' t like fizzy water anyway i wonder is the instruction book in the in the bag? i ' ve no idea i ' m not sitting reading it though no well i ' m just asking have a wee look doesn ' t
726. t pretend otherwise thank you thank you it would be a good thing to do wouldn ' t it? mm with the like oh i ' ve forgotten that manage? thank you could we have some more water please? thank you shall i buy some? that was so salty yeah so when we get home i think we should go to ' s hot tub uhu be nice if we had a hot tub at
731. medicine like having a mass cull through a n a disease yeah that was what the constant gardener was all about wasn ' t it? they were the supposedly administering drugs thank you very much thank you water? to erm ta thank you cheers do you remember that ' s what she was uncovering and that ' s why they not that ' s why they killed her they were testing they were no they
732. met them have you? i ' ve met and yeah of course i have when did you meet them? when we were in florida oh yeah of course you have sorry that ' s your fizzy water isn ' t it? uhu yeah they talk about you all the time me? yeah you know like you know they know you yes a shame doesn ' t see them more often mm do you think
734. the praying mantis with its little oh that ' s an insect yeah i know that ' s what i ' m saying yeah not a fan are you thirsty dad? a bit drink some of that water oh you are doing how far is even off retiring? i bet he ' s a far way off yet isn ' t he? don ' t know you don ' t know what their position is do
735. brandies oh more cats oh peach schnapps that cat looks pregnant which one? this one? oh oh here they come go away get your legs up guys yeah get ready to throw some water at it that ' ll get rid of it i don ' t want peach schnapps oh no there ' s a fly in my cup go away have mine it ' s okay oh can i
737. ##m and these group of engineers one was british one was african and one was american and they all came together to do this project and it was they turned like human waste into pure water like drinkable water yeah i saw that which was really cool so like they put like it basically he put the money in and then people bid to get the money for with like an innovative idea to like help the world ah
743. erm i thought something like this brings on salmonella erm why? i don ' t know i just heard that it ' s not a good thing to do to put it in hot hot water cos i used to do it and i was told you shouldn ' t do that because it defrosts it too quickly and it ' s not healthy to do defrosts it too quickly?
744. think you ' d make such a good dad no i ' d no oh you ' d be such a good parent oh on that note you really would where are you going? getting a glass of water you would though i don ' t really oh you would i know you would make an excellent mother but thank you i don ' t know if we would you would i don ' t know i ' m
745. ' m literally i ' ve not had time to do my hair i literally just shoved my clothes on and came round so oh don ' t be silly you didn ' t just pour a bucket of water on your head did you? oh oh my god did you see that? yeah i did see it i can ' t believe i did that no i know but there you go quickly how ' s?
746. so we were practically talking about this kind of stuff and i started thinking to myself so romantic for yeah well i i started thinking that ' s not very romantic is it? are you just having your water? yeah yeah i am do you want a drink or anything? do you wanna cup of tea? you alright darling? you look nice do you wanna cup of tea? yeah cup of tea? yeah
747. no i can have a drink in my flat yeah and save the money and then that money that i save will go on travelling yeah yeah so we ' ve kinda just lived frugally order tap water yeah i ' ll i ' ll take a bottle under the coat you know all that kind of thing yeah i di do that yeah yeah exactly yeah yeah exactly i ' ll buy a coke and i yeah
749. ' s raw that ' s really good is that raw honey? because yeah i use that someone says when you ' re run down or cold mm you try and have that with some wa like warm water or it ' s a it ' s an antibacterial or an anti - inflammatory honey it gi erm if you eat local honey it can help with allergies to local things oh so
750. t like yeah i don ' t like candy now the only i do i haven ' t had a fizzy drink touch my lips in three four years i don ' t drink those i just drink water i i do like i do like sparkling water yeah see i don ' t know if that ' s good or bad but i love spar what about juice? do you give your children juice? i
751. now the only i do i haven ' t had a fizzy drink touch my lips in three four years i don ' t drink those i just drink water i i do like i do like sparkling water yeah see i don ' t know if that ' s good or bad but i love spar what about juice? do you give your children juice? i do i buy the innocent juice which is well
752. mm shouldn ' t give them juice the the problem is okay you ' ve got all the cheap juices which i ' m sure you know they ' re just no good it ' s basically sugar water mm but even stuff that ' s like a hundred percent oranges or a hundred percent apples still not? the problem is that the high fructose content of an orange is negated by the fact
757. yeah and it ' s lots to celebrate it ' s really good skin skin ' ll be next mm mm but i ' ve made to you know i ' m making the effort internally which is drinking water s er when i was in england changed medication again mm erm so hopefully it should sort itself out mm and i think you know not just and the biggest thing being happy yeah and yeah and not seeing
758. go yeah and then this rain doesn ' t help no we ' re walking directly into the black cloud needed the rain though eh still got a hosepipe ban though take some time to fill up the water level yeah well it ' s not yeah well i mean it ' s not that much is it? that hail did you have hail here? yeah that was a shocker where did that come from?
763. if you ' re long you just take a lot of vertical space yeah but if she lies down you ' re fat so you take up a lot of areas you made me cry we need some cold water and ice in here burn you know i ' m joking though right? you ' re not that fat i ' m not that fat it ' s all spice i ate sing your shit loudly mm i like
764. in tag be on he was the slowest runner so he bedroom check if you were alright you okay? there ' s some shorts in there if you wanna get into some shorts no that ' s water yes why do you have water? cos she ' s a fucking faggot lime cordial can we open the window? erm not right now yeah do you like wine? er turn that
765. the slowest runner so he bedroom check if you were alright you okay? there ' s some shorts in there if you wanna get into some shorts no that ' s water yes why do you have water? cos she ' s a fucking faggot lime cordial can we open the window? erm not right now yeah do you like wine? er turn that down to er three please about
774. ' re too posh for that er cafeteria?? other a long word for that that ' s american cafe? no er okay you drink it in the army it ' s your little supply of water it ' s called something it ' s called that your little tin is called this a something of coke can yeah yeah that ' s the first part yeah and then er canteen yes yes she i should have
775. was in the s in the tap bit who ' s got neck hair? and he shaved it why? i didn ' t shave it i didn ' t shave it with a a razor blade or water or anything electric he can ' t help it yeah when ah right that ' s different i have to wash my face in that what the fuck is on your head? yeah seriously what have you done?
776. aloe vera it ' s actually not even that hang on wait wait think about right my mother ' s house mm she has those fucking pots that ' s not fair spider plant plant pots she has water i don ' t know any of your mum ' s plants cactus cactus the large erm sticks ivy bamboo woah woah woah woah woah woah no fuck babe we ' re on
777. night ah i don ' t know it ' s probably just one of i wasn ' t we we didn ' t really drink much that ' s all we had a couple of glasses of wine and water and food it was the chocolate how was hot yoghurt? it ' s probably it probably was the chocolate i couldn ' t s amazing amazing you know when you just can ' t sleep? and
778. you you wouldn ' t listen sold you wouldn ' t remember this erm that email that came round the other day saying y oh no no no that was the you ' ve got a lot of water there i thought he was selling it at quite a high price considering the company ' s gone bankrupt or something it should have been erm eh do you want to pour yourself? erm sorry does anyone
779. venetian favourite of white wine a splash of bitter peron or what ' s a peron? or or select i don ' t know what that is aperitif grand and a shot of mineral water so it ' s not prosecco prosecco excellent natural sparkling dry white wine from the hills that suits us bellini smooth fresh peach juice with sparkling prosecco blend with prosecco isn ' t it?
780. together again? don ' t know he didn ' t say he doesn ' t get involved in that really no probably does right making me feel a bit light headed yeah squiffy mm drink the water i ' ve drunk the water or get some more water let ' s drink it and ask for some more mm mm mm cheers not cheers over this leave it darling no no it ' s drinkable it
781. know he didn ' t say he doesn ' t get involved in that really no probably does right making me feel a bit light headed yeah squiffy mm drink the water i ' ve drunk the water or get some more water let ' s drink it and ask for some more mm mm mm cheers not cheers over this leave it darling no no it ' s drinkable it ' s just not i wouldn
782. say he doesn ' t get involved in that really no probably does right making me feel a bit light headed yeah squiffy mm drink the water i ' ve drunk the water or get some more water let ' s drink it and ask for some more mm mm mm cheers not cheers over this leave it darling no no it ' s drinkable it ' s just not i wouldn ' t order it again
783. she ' s seventy - eight which one was it? which one was it mam? the bottom one bottegon oh al al bottegon on happy birthday for ah it says what tap water is here tap water yeah it says mineral water wiwidely consumed in italy well i should hope people drink water shall we get some more water? either either sparkling or still tap water is aqua del rubin
784. - eight which one was it? which one was it mam? the bottom one bottegon oh al al bottegon on happy birthday for ah it says what tap water is here tap water yeah it says mineral water wiwidely consumed in italy well i should hope people drink water shall we get some more water? either either sparkling or still tap water is aqua del rubinetto okay por favor
785. it? which one was it mam? the bottom one bottegon oh al al bottegon on happy birthday for ah it says what tap water is here tap water yeah it says mineral water wiwidely consumed in italy well i should hope people drink water shall we get some more water? either either sparkling or still tap water is aqua del rubinetto okay por favor me excusi ac
786. ##tegon oh al al bottegon on happy birthday for ah it says what tap water is here tap water yeah it says mineral water wiwidely consumed in italy well i should hope people drink water shall we get some more water? either either sparkling or still tap water is aqua del rubinetto okay por favor me excusi acqua del rubinetto por favor si gratie that went well
787. ##tegon on happy birthday for ah it says what tap water is here tap water yeah it says mineral water wiwidely consumed in italy well i should hope people drink water shall we get some more water? either either sparkling or still tap water is aqua del rubinetto okay por favor me excusi acqua del rubinetto por favor si gratie that went well it did it was very good
788. says what tap water is here tap water yeah it says mineral water wiwidely consumed in italy well i should hope people drink water shall we get some more water? either either sparkling or still tap water is aqua del rubinetto okay por favor me excusi acqua del rubinetto por favor si gratie that went well it did it was very good i ' m impressed right i ' ll
789. would expect yeah erm what am i looking for? is it in your makeup bag your eye drops? yeah feel a bit more hydrated now pass us that jug and i ' ll pour the water this made her get up off her bum she ' s back down now oh it says that the erm rialto market is open mornings oh right that ' s rubbish we wanted to buy some fruit
790. ' s with oh i think it ' s her friend she ' s drunk as a skunk yeah she looks it a bit let ' s see what her comments say oh god i might tip this water in here mum sure do you think? her daughter said really mother? how old ' s her daughter? she ' s thirties yeah thirties? what is she like? need to figure out where we are
791. alright i ' ve managed to get it it ' s very peculiar and rather interesting and he ' s very good and he does a very good american accent as well no no i only put it in water that ' s just disgusting you wanted to put it in my wine it ' s probably furry it ' s went on the carpet don ' t flick wine at her it doesn ' t come out this is
793. erm shall i show you show you your room? yes please that would be lovely i would quite like to just do you want? pockle up to my room yeah do you want anything like water or anything? and just yes yes
794. t want it like you performing oh yeah but yeah once me and my brother we wanted to go to lake victoria yeah but my parents wouldn ' t let me and then someone was going there to get water mm so me and my brother we just went we just like followed them like we didn ' t tell anyone we were going yeah and my parents didn ' t know where we were yeah and my parents were
795. think he was just happy he was getting a kiss was he? that ' s making me feel a little bit ill off me no no that is just not okay i swished my mouth out with water first oh that makes it alright then who says romance is dead? and i ' m pretty sure i had another drink after that so it ' s fine it wasn ' t as bad as when i had
797. for a while oh does he? what? to continue cooking for a bit just yeah like turn it off the boil and then just leave them in there for like a few minutes and then drain the water and you can just leave them in the pan they will continue to cook cos it ' s an egg so it ' s not like it will go hard yeah yeah it ' s still hot isn '
798. boiled eggs that ' s one of the most like satisfying things to do as sad as that sounds god i ' m a loser oh it says this says partially fill a bowl with ice cubes in water leave the enough room blah blah blah blah blah blah use a slotted slotted spoon to transfer the hot eggs immediately into cold water and then leave them to cool for ten minutes and then they ' ll
799. it says this says partially fill a bowl with ice cubes in water leave the enough room blah blah blah blah blah blah use a slotted slotted spoon to transfer the hot eggs immediately into cold water and then leave them to cool for ten minutes and then they ' ll be really easy to peel apparently yeah it ' s the opposite of tomatoes isn ' t it? cos tomatoes you ' re supposed
800. cool for ten minutes and then they ' ll be really easy to peel apparently yeah it ' s the opposite of tomatoes isn ' t it? cos tomatoes you ' re supposed to put in boiling water then the skin comes off really easily yeah yes well you learn something new every day life is a learning curve it ' s a life skill hard boiled eggs i love that you got to the grand old age
802. they aare hold that while i reboil can you just do wa in er hot water? i dunno i ' m about to do it on this yeah i dunno if there ' s any room just try and find some s together well mm yum yum you like this is
806. the open no it ' s just a nuisance that ' s all yum i love dinner i ' ll put this light on so we can see what we ' re doing can i have that water please? it ' s for me rather than dad thank you yum mm mm mm how ' s work? busy at the moment? it ' s good yeah it ' s really busy did i tell
811. purpose now oh what did i just step in? a tiny bit of glass okay delicious mm ouch right my foot ' s actually bleeding is it? oh yeah i will just get a bit of water on here question okay there you go if you like blood blood ' s my favourite in which ancient science was an inverted triangle the symbol for water? in which? in which ancient science was an inverted triangle
815. know yeah but we paid for it ah she could have had yours yeah it was like said okay so she goes to the bar says oh can i have two bottles of in the end two bottles of water oh right just so that you ' ve got something for your complimentary drink what room are you? okay and as we ' re waiting by the lift they phone through to reception and i heard that lady
817. ah yeah i think i managed to do all that all by myself without any input from you apart from oh have you remembered to take the screw out? yes dad yes oh i need some need some water love does anyone want some water? did you like your pie last night? yeah does anyone else want some water? that was a nice pie that was a really nice pie no? erm no i
818. to do all that all by myself without any input from you apart from oh have you remembered to take the screw out? yes dad yes oh i need some need some water love does anyone want some water? did you like your pie last night? yeah does anyone else want some water? that was a nice pie that was a really nice pie no? erm no i don ' t think i do
819. you remembered to take the screw out? yes dad yes oh i need some need some water love does anyone want some water? did you like your pie last night? yeah does anyone else want some water? that was a nice pie that was a really nice pie no? erm no i don ' t think i do thanks love i ' m going to make a cup of tea in a minute er
821. drain them cos yeah there ' s so much water behind they have to put great big taps in yeah they ' ve got them in the thames and everywhere haven ' t they? to take the water way yeah yeah yeah amazing yeah though and they they came across an an old arch they ' ve come across a burial ground too haven ' t they? which could yeah yeah yeah which they think was the
824. table cloth oh right and they well you can wash it normal but they they said what what temperature is it? quite good in the cold wash what t what cold as in thirty degrees? just cold water yeah yeah just for fifteen minutes yeah yeah never never tried it before so mm it ' s alright i u no different isn ' t it? well tesc i mean i tesco ' s i d
829. ##les can blind you mm mm the plague there ' s the plague yeah you ' ve got to eat a rat everybody has to eat a rat before they die yeah hepatitis yeah that ' s drinking dirty water isn ' t it polio ye yellow fever diphtheria malaria yes there ' s plenty of things that can kill you ain ' t there oh it ' s fun isn ' t it it '
831. blood blood remember? ' s finest you gonna say that again? have i already said that? twice ' s finest? mm oh it ' s the saturday night helicopter oh ah can i have some water then? when in rome ah that ' s better can you move that bottle? what ' s better? there ' s no noisy cooking i was beginning to get a bit stressed out yeah do you remember
839. it? i thought it was gonna cost me more money i thought electricity was more expensive than gas no well even m i dunno down there but i mean fucking the gas goes what does your hot water? gas do you shower down there now? yeah oh so it goes pretty quick then? what about your cooker? gas? yeah you c i don ' t i don ' t hardly use it
840. as well? oh no that ' s gas isn ' t it? so how long does your gas last by the way? fucking don ' t last a week no i normally like shower in cold water me yeah do you have it you have a meter for them both do you? i don ' t what? do you have like a carcar ctop - up card for them then like? or
843. to ride out i ' m gonna get a mm unless you want some wine no i ' m alright no i ' m alright yeah girls? no thank you uhu gonna have a little bit of water for a bit i wonder if is your mum alright? yes she ' s fine they ' re just watching i think she ' s quite enjoying having a bit of yeah cold who? they ' re literally
848. know do you want me to let you know when the time comes? your bladder aren ' t as strong when you get older that ' s all it is yeah although if i drink a lot of water and i have been drinking a lot of water ah and that ' s to do with it as well if you don ' t drink you won ' t want to go will you? yeah i know yeah
849. when the time comes? your bladder aren ' t as strong when you get older that ' s all it is yeah although if i drink a lot of water and i have been drinking a lot of water ah and that ' s to do with it as well if you don ' t drink you won ' t want to go will you? yeah i know yeah if your bladder ' s full you have muscles
850. ' s full yeah yeah and then you will it ' s how it works saw it on telly the other day oh did you? so documentary? yeah so i don ' t drink that much water when i ' m at school because it ' s not i i don ' t have time to go oh why not? because i ' ve got lessons yeah surely you can hold it for a lesson somehow
851. don ' t drink in lessons if you ' re doing exams or your lessons and that you make sure you ' re well hydrated beforehand well you know because doesn ' t affect you well i take water into the exam with me you ' re not i know you drink a lot of water anyway so you want to be well hydrated because you can get headaches if you ' re dehydrated
852. you make sure you ' re well hydrated beforehand well you know because doesn ' t affect you well i take water into the exam with me you ' re not i know you drink a lot of water anyway so you want to be well hydrated because you can get headaches if you ' re dehydrated can ' t you? i ' m not saying you should drink loads so you go
853. ##hydrated can ' t you? i ' m not saying you should drink loads so you go to the toilet all the time but i i think more than most people you ' ll prefer drinking water cos i don ' t drink anything else you are i think you must be very well hydrated cos other people have like juice and tea and coffee but i don ' t like that so i
854. t drink anything else you are i think you must be very well hydrated cos other people have like juice and tea and coffee but i don ' t like that so i just i just drink water better because like juice and stuff doesn ' t actually really hydrate you i can ' t believe may has turned into it ' s normal i can ' t believe you ' re coming from this lovely town
858. fan massive fan has had to like stop me from buying stuff don ' t want a whole ikea house mm mm yeah crispbread? he likes roast chicken what can i get you to drink? water? erm yes please this cheese coleslaw is lush yeah i get it every week mm i didn ' t know about that walk - in i found it by accident i found it i found it
859. wasn ' t supposed had you had a had you had a drink by then? that wasn ' t supposed to happen i bet this one ' s ' s yeah there ' s already a jug of water there love and cups where ' s where? you ' ve got a slice of cheese erm they ' re here love cheese oh i see i i didn ' t hello you on the end? hello
860. nice to have a day wouldn ' t it? oh yeah yeah i just don ' t think you have to a get get the humanist society involved necessarily no i ' ve seen a shiny want some water? yeah i knew bohemian rhapsody was written in wales yeah i went to the studio yeah well it ' s it ' s england in mockfield studios mm yeah cos it ' s on the on the
861. ? here ' s something that i i ' ve convinced myself works recently erm and not just because of the name but when i ' m feeling lousy say like a hangover or whatever tonic water a bit of fizz yeah fizz and quinine quinine just the quinine quinine yeah but there ' s not quinine in it any more is there? it ' s like artificial yes
862. spurs i like spurs i like and i ' ve always liked tottenham quietly yeah it was my local one in or was arsenal nearer? i would have gone for spurs over arsenal though always tottenham any more water? just a little bit please oh i quite fancy a little nap table tennis time mm table tennis tournament time did you bring your? sufficient people no no no no yes there are i told to bring bring
863. oh fifteen pound each i ' ve forgotten the or thereabouts innit? for five yeah well the problem the problem was they paid they paid for their pizzas yeah erm but had tap water so you don ' t pay for tap water no erm mm had tap water had a lemonade had lemonade and i ha i had well originally i asked for just a beer yeah? and and
864. or thereabouts innit? for five yeah well the problem the problem was they paid they paid for their pizzas yeah erm but had tap water so you don ' t pay for tap water no erm mm had tap water had a lemonade had lemonade and i ha i had well originally i asked for just a beer yeah? and and some bread and i did ask for two lots
865. for five yeah well the problem the problem was they paid they paid for their pizzas yeah erm but had tap water so you don ' t pay for tap water no erm mm had tap water had a lemonade had lemonade and i ha i had well originally i asked for just a beer yeah? and and some bread and i did ask for two lots of bread because there was five of
866. if it all turns out the way that i ' m hoping it will turn out with the job and with the other bits and pieces yeah you got forgot her stuff are you alright? yeah forgot my water oh right bye bye bye so then i will then i ' ll be able to say look this is what i ' m on yeah that ' s true and i can do it you know yeah and i
867. and you have porridge don ' t you? every morning but you have full - fat milk oh yes well you can ' t have the other stuff can you? you might just as well have water you can have semi - skimmed no you might as well have water but there isn ' t much difference and there ' s nothing like a lump of toast with a nice big thick butter ' s al load
868. you have full - fat milk oh yes well you can ' t have the other stuff can you? you might just as well have water you can have semi - skimmed no you might as well have water but there isn ' t much difference and there ' s nothing like a lump of toast with a nice big thick butter ' s al load of butter ' s butter on it and marmite butter ' s
869. to get it on thursday and then i didn ' t go into work so yeah ah you sound ill yeah what do you want a drink as well? erm can i just have a glass of water and can i put my antibiotics in your fridge? yeah okay do you have to keep them cold? yeah cos it ' s penicillin it they ' re not erm liquid there ' s
870. thank you i need i need another mug cos like one oh as you ' re up can you pass me my bag? yeah mine was new i got it from tescos and i put water i put erm i just put water in it as as as and i oh thank you as yours didn ' t turn up i made you a little bag too oh thank you i tonight you can it
871. cos like one oh as you ' re up can you pass me my bag? yeah mine was new i got it from tescos and i put water i put erm i just put water in it as as as and i oh thank you as yours didn ' t turn up i made you a little bag too oh thank you i tonight you can it ' s a generic birthday card you '
873. it really cool cos it ' s christmas so right i did painting green jelly tastes like strawberry so it was like red so i when you make jelly i a instead of putting i put half hot water which melts it and instead of putting cold water in i put ice cubes and then it melts so it like set itself half already like sets quicker mm so it goes like really gloop
874. right i did painting green jelly tastes like strawberry so it was like red so i when you make jelly i a instead of putting i put half hot water which melts it and instead of putting cold water in i put ice cubes and then it melts so it like set itself half already like sets quicker mm so it goes like really gloopy put the red one in the dish put that
879. ve got chilli garlic and onion in here what ' s that stuff? there? that red stuff? chilli? chilli yeah you know the bottom of that? i just filled it with water and then i chucked it in there uh amazing yeah and then mm we ' ll move this round a bit yeah i made that that ' s a mixture of sauces plus extras jeebus it
880. piece of foi er what ' s it called? kitchen roll mm and just lay them out for i think about half an hour and they defrost and then just rinse them under the water and they ' re done you can eat them like that mm okay hm that ' s good but you you have to keep them at room temperature pretty much mm pretty much just washes all the shit off
887. ve been down the pub all afternoon lies er lie to her and rile her up even more obviously the best choice well she didn ' t get an argument out of me oh thanks love i need water need to get my toothbrush water brush my teeth man what do i need? i ' m gonna have to sta er do you know i keep saying this i have to start brushing my teeth more
888. lies er lie to her and rile her up even more obviously the best choice well she didn ' t get an argument out of me oh thanks love i need water need to get my toothbrush water brush my teeth man what do i need? i ' m gonna have to sta er do you know i keep saying this i have to start brushing my teeth more before i go to bed i '
889. english student really old looking first year english student really? no sorry sorry a nineteen year old english student yeah i was gonna suggest a a level student yeah that ' s it ooh just smells like water okay looks like it could be water roll my sleeves up and that next part of the costume changes too nice the open shirt em yeah so that that ' s gonna be stressful plus i ' ve got
890. english student really? no sorry sorry a nineteen year old english student yeah i was gonna suggest a a level student yeah that ' s it ooh just smells like water okay looks like it could be water roll my sleeves up and that next part of the costume changes too nice the open shirt em yeah so that that ' s gonna be stressful plus i ' ve got to do a big fat literature search
895. washing up gloves and er well i was gonna say i don ' t actually use any washing up gloves but i think you would need them yes cos your hands aren ' t used to the hot water yeah but if i get erm them under water then the hot water might go un inside the gloves i ' ll definitely need washing up gloves erm sometimes that does happen yeah and then you can '
899. ##e that can give you cancer yeah lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots of it it ' s not good for you the same way that natural sugar ' s al of course of water which is the best so you ' re not gonna have that at school there ' s no way they ' d allow that mama i would like to have erm can we try to have water please?
900. of water which is the best so you ' re not gonna have that at school there ' s no way they ' d allow that mama i would like to have erm can we try to have water please? i want to have just water well you do have lots of water no but in a carton in a carton? in your carton mm i could probably get a little bottle mm yeah
901. ' re not gonna have that at school there ' s no way they ' d allow that mama i would like to have erm can we try to have water please? i want to have just water well you do have lots of water no but in a carton in a carton? in your carton mm i could probably get a little bottle mm yeah mm good idea i think i ' ll
902. school there ' s no way they ' d allow that mama i would like to have erm can we try to have water please? i want to have just water well you do have lots of water no but in a carton in a carton? in your carton mm i could probably get a little bottle mm yeah mm good idea i think i ' ll have a little packet of grapes we
903. that ' s the one that ' s it where did you go? just get a rogue piece of string in your dinner that ' s fine that ' s fine bit of fibre mm mm mm hot water bottle ahh you don ' t eat the skin do you? no thank you holy crap how you doing? it ' s reaining seriously raining isn ' t it? it ' s raining bad
905. gravy pieces are sitting on the top? yes does that usually happen? i think when you add it when it ' s not as hot so maybe if you just add a bit of boiling water on the top maybe that would help ah bugger ohh buggeration ahhh did you just scald yourself? well it ' s definitely still hot definitely still hot i can attest to that
906. ##irious from all the chicken goodness you haven ' t seen anything yet you haven ' t even seen your plate yet yeah well as go by this is gonna be awesome right i ' ve got the water bottle check plate of goodness check ooh here let ' s move all these clothes this i don ' t know how i managed to line everything else up and not these well not on my behalf but not
912. wanted that one again ah no no it ' s amazing i ' ve really upset the balance of the world with my stomach round about now it ' s causing me pain that ' s bad ummm water bet you haven ' t had much water today no quite haven ' t seen you drink any water cos it flushes the oes your kidneys out more more water more water please do it funny
913. ' s amazing i ' ve really upset the balance of the world with my stomach round about now it ' s causing me pain that ' s bad ummm water bet you haven ' t had much water today no quite haven ' t seen you drink any water cos it flushes the oes your kidneys out more more water more water please do it funny girl d ' you know what i think
914. the world with my stomach round about now it ' s causing me pain that ' s bad ummm water bet you haven ' t had much water today no quite haven ' t seen you drink any water cos it flushes the oes your kidneys out more more water more water please do it funny girl d ' you know what i think you need? uhh ponies? no one of
915. ' s bad ummm water bet you haven ' t had much water today no quite haven ' t seen you drink any water cos it flushes the oes your kidneys out more more water more water please do it funny girl d ' you know what i think you need? uhh ponies? no one of those chillies in your mouth home grown the green chillies? yep i
916. bad ummm water bet you haven ' t had much water today no quite haven ' t seen you drink any water cos it flushes the oes your kidneys out more more water more water please do it funny girl d ' you know what i think you need? uhh ponies? no one of those chillies in your mouth home grown the green chillies? yep i mean that
917. which is what a teaspoon? a natural enhancer of all soups stews casseroles sauces savories rice and grain dishes and a delicious hot drink instantly soluble in hot water it ' s quite full of itself isn ' t it? as stock four teaspoons per litre yeah probably need to put some more in actually wondering how it says like for all stews i '
918. cos it ' s quite um a gentle smell yeah like it ' s not overpowering no it ' s really nice hahaha cold warm did you just fill that whole thing up with boiling water? yes right when you say it like that it sounds crazy well heaven forbid you do something that ' s crazy crazy put you there cook my pretties cook f what ' s going in the soup
919. hand from scratch with a garlic by my fair hand yeah absolutely wouldn ' t have it any other way that i ' ve been storing in my lader yeah um i did red lentils stock hot water passata salt black pepper and goodness and your aunt and and your yeah that ' s it perfect yeah ready done not done bloody lentils take about a million years because you ' re supposed to boil it
920. ##intentionally taken away free food free living from yeah from people erm it ' s it ' s all part of a plan that we are enslaved totally we have to pay for everything even water yeah and this is the big thing going on in third world countries now that er people like coca - cola are moving their plants to india where they have only a limited amount of water and the ground water
921. for everything even water yeah and this is the big thing going on in third world countries now that er people like coca - cola are moving their plants to india where they have only a limited amount of water and the ground water now is polluted by what coca - cola does and the products that coca - cola make instead of being drunk but the local popopulation and passed through their bodies and put back
925. there? yeah i ' ll have that in there oh okay just uh leave it to me if you boil the kettle and then you ' ll it ' ll it ' ll take less time for the water to heat sometimes do that
928. my mum she she lived by herself in there in this big old house and er a bloke knocked on the door and he said oh er do you think you can give me a bottle of water please? so she say yeah course i can she went and got got er got him a bottle of water he nicked her handbag mm disappeared mm and and he was he was about forty years old
929. on the door and he said oh er do you think you can give me a bottle of water please? so she say yeah course i can she went and got got er got him a bottle of water he nicked her handbag mm disappeared mm and and he was he was about forty years old oh really? yeah it normally it ' s kids who do that ain ' t it yeah mm they found
932. the healthy bits in it the the um the skin of the apple but for the cider yeah oh no i mean the the bits for the cider the the you want the sugars uh the water and sugar i would make cider vinegar if i was doing it i love cider vinegar yeah well we did cos we left it too long you see cos it starts off as cider and
935. to eat them cos i can ' t cook potatoes i can ' t cook rice yeah rice is quite hard actually cos it ' s always either half a cup of rice with a cup of water that you ' re supposed to and they never actually cos it ' s all supposed to boil away so you ' re just left with the rice um it never does it never works cos it '
938. hard watering all the vegetables it will be very hard they ' re going to have to i mean you ' re going to have to just decide what the priorities are and some of them well everything needs water i know i know i know but in terms of whether you keeps the roses alive or whether you keep the veg alive mm well the roses are okay did you say that there are they quite temperamental
939. longer they ' re in mm i mean these these have only right these four have been in two years now obviously i ' m going to have to be careful with the new one and i ' ll water that regularly mm yeah yeah but i mean every summer i ' ve been able to water it as much as i liked yeah and the roses don ' t like being very dry they can tolerate a certain amount
941. do then erm if you fancy a trip to the garden centre mhm oh with you need to get that little piece we need to get the thing to to to erm feed in the er water butt so that i can use that absolutely well why don ' t you drihave a cycle over to during the week and if they don ' t have it then we ' ll drive down there?
943. such nice day but i did not think about putting on cream no erm yeah no so i feel much more confident about this bloody run now good ow you alright? hot burning yourself burning myself with water so when are you next seeing? erm i don ' t know cos we ' re both quite busy now yeah until we go on holiday so no i didn ' t but yeah erm so
946. that might be a better way of doing it anyway yeah i need to figure out how to my mum used to do it all the time how did she do it? she just put them in boiling water and then put them out but i think she did it in batches i think you have to if you ' re doing quite a lot i dunno i can ' t remember she used to make her
948. bottles oh yeah? like the you know the big ones? yeah and there were like twelve of those and they ' d yeah they were there for two nights wow so twelve of those and some tonic water so she must have had some vodka or gin or something they must have had a party well this is what i think and then when i opened the recycling bin i saw an airbed erm box oh
949. like why would you put a dirty plate in a clean bowl and then put it on the draining board why would you not rinse it? he was like suds are chemicals it ' s not water i was like i know how you feel and and why would you wash up but not do it properly and put it back in the cupboard with dirty stuff still on it? and i was like just no
953. ? was was very nice very blowy though yeah i nearly got got blown over go out on the tiles? no no with the welsh no but they ' re a very nice people a glass of water look at ' s food darling there ' s a hundred quid in there you ' d hardly think it would you? oh stop it sorry and as much of that cardboard that can go out tomorrow the
954. really you buy it what either you buy it like outright see also they think right they think you can dig dig a massive well get somebody to come around and dig a massive well and live off your water and i was saying no you can ' t because the water board still owns any water that runs under the ground mm no you can ' t do that well they say they will if if they know you
955. also they think right they think you can dig dig a massive well get somebody to come around and dig a massive well and live off your water and i was saying no you can ' t because the water board still owns any water that runs under the ground mm no you can ' t do that well they say they will if if they know you ' ve dug a well they will put a claim to it
957. if if they know you ' ve dug a well they will put a claim to it exactly and they say they say you just keep it on the quiet no no no if you ' re not buying water from the water board and you ' ve got a house they ' re going to well that ' s very well very well saying that no it ' s very well saying that but as soon as you if
958. know you ' ve dug a well they will put a claim to it exactly and they say they say you just keep it on the quiet no no no if you ' re not buying water from the water board and you ' ve got a house they ' re going to well that ' s very well very well saying that no it ' s very well saying that but as soon as you if you get some
960. that no it ' s very well saying that but as soon as you if you get some sort of community developed the water board would be right on your back no it won ' t work yeah the water board even if you ' ve only got one house the water board will be why why aren ' t you buying water from us? there ' s no well in your area and then they ' ll just
962. water board would be right on your back no it won ' t work yeah the water board even if you ' ve only got one house the water board will be why why aren ' t you buying water from us? there ' s no well in your area and then they ' ll just come around and they ' ll see that you ' ve dug a well and then they ' ll say and then they
963. ? yeah oh okay cool so just thought you were having a collection of light switches know what i mean? no do you want a cup? yeah yeah what do you want a cold drink? just water that would be good not squash? no just water just wat thank you okay darling do you want to take a picture of me and and me? oh do i have to? you have yeah apparently so
964. having a collection of light switches know what i mean? no do you want a cup? yeah yeah what do you want a cold drink? just water that would be good not squash? no just water just wat thank you okay darling do you want to take a picture of me and and me? oh do i have to? you have yeah apparently so on my phone yeah are you alright? start for
965. ve got so many pictures is it alright to leave my shoes on or do you want me to take them off? should oh leave them on are you sure? yes darling of course there ' s water for you yeah i ' ve had a bit okay oh simba oh is that simba? yeah that ' s the old cat he shouldn ' t be he can ' t have no simba any
968. dunno if i ' m hungry or what i just feel a bit oh are you alight? i think it ' s just the coffee made me feel a bit yucky i might have some water when i get in feel a bit jittery or no i don ' t feel jittery just feel a bit sickie wonder if i need a mint or something that kind of a mint?
969. can i mm can get you? tea or coff i would love a tea you ' d love a cup of tea please what would you like? i ' ll have a maybe a glass of water right shall i switch this off? a stress
970. oh dear dear and he came up puffing up the hill ah up after us he didn ' t want to come at all but he managed to get there and er we gave him a drink of water and sounds alright we sat there at the top and we sat and admired the view for a bit and then we went down again ah yeah like but i thought that it spoilt it though cos before
971. made of? yeah cadbury ' s creme egg cream basically sort of icing sugar? it ' s like a fondant isn ' t it? bit of vanilla and? yeah boiled with water with yellow colouring oh yeah yeah for the yolk? maybe with some chocolate chunks in for like brain pieces or some jelly sweets oh right so now you ' re going to into the horror g sweets
973. thinking good things to you inside? you can ' t no say that and expect people to buy on that no it ge no good things to you ye inside? i ' m thinking drink plenty of water it ' ll flush your insides through yeah and no i won ' t buy any of the products they ' re too expensive well why why are you having the why are you having the party? just to
976. ##d paradise this triffid para i said to him with it and it ' s freezing still i said it ' s ridi he ' s coming home today i was meant to water these oh water them quick i promised him i would oh my god he ' ll know cos it ' ll be sitting on the surface get it in quick he ' ll know you haven ' t done it in the
977. bigger watering can really say again? you just need a bigger watering can really save your journeys i know right where did? no do you know you ' re only supposed to give an ice cube of water? oh are you? i ' ve just dumped a whole pint in each of those well you erm i don ' t hou yeah they said house plants they were specifically talking about which ones
978. orchids or oh yes well they ' re quite they ' ve got a specific care routine haven ' t they? but then it did go on to say about house plants a cube ice cube of water per week oh really? but i would give more than that i ' ve this just given loads has this one been done? i don ' t know if i watered that one yes i think so how
979. full time job i don ' t i can ' t be bothered with it does he pay you? no he doesn ' t oh that ' s why you forget he just moans if i forget to water them anyway they ' re nearly done i ' ll i ' ll make the tea you can make the tea i ' ll carry on i i ' m so glad you asked how the conservatory was going co
980. ? yeah yeah? sometimes when i talk too much my throat gets dry and then i end up coughing yeah so does mine do you want erm a drink? shall i get you a drink of water? no i ' m okay yeah? no it it can be very very hurtful even with people that you know you really should think oh i really don ' t give a rat ' s ass what
981. the the sofa and i walked past and pulled it off ah it pulled off yeah so yeah but sure you don ' t wanna cup of tea or something dad? no i ' m fine drop of water? do you want any you want tea not coffee mum? tea please i ' ll have a water thank you mm i was gonna ask would you like some wa would you like some water? some water
982. you don ' t wanna cup of tea or something dad? no i ' m fine drop of water? do you want any you want tea not coffee mum? tea please i ' ll have a water thank you mm i was gonna ask would you like some wa would you like some water? some water water ddo you keep water in the fridge? no no oh you don ' t? it '
983. drop of water? do you want any you want tea not coffee mum? tea please i ' ll have a water thank you mm i was gonna ask would you like some wa would you like some water? some water water ddo you keep water in the fridge? no no oh you don ' t? it ' s cold enough out the tap it ' s nice just being about to drink it out
984. ? do you want any you want tea not coffee mum? tea please i ' ll have a water thank you mm i was gonna ask would you like some wa would you like some water? some water water ddo you keep water in the fridge? no no oh you don ' t? it ' s cold enough out the tap it ' s nice just being about to drink it out the tap it
985. do you want any you want tea not coffee mum? tea please i ' ll have a water thank you mm i was gonna ask would you like some wa would you like some water? some water water ddo you keep water in the fridge? no no oh you don ' t? it ' s cold enough out the tap it ' s nice just being about to drink it out the tap it '
986. want tea not coffee mum? tea please i ' ll have a water thank you mm i was gonna ask would you like some wa would you like some water? some water water ddo you keep water in the fridge? no no oh you don ' t? it ' s cold enough out the tap it ' s nice just being about to drink it out the tap it ' s been a while water
987. in the fridge? no no oh you don ' t? it ' s cold enough out the tap it ' s nice just being about to drink it out the tap it ' s been a while water does taste different in different places though doesn ' t it? yeah definitely it ' s different here to back at my mum ' s it ' s even different er in different parts of england yeah that '
988. parts of england yeah that ' s what i mean oh yeah that ' s wthat ' s what i mean yeah yeah oh when you say back home you mean? yeah mm i prefer the water it ' s a completely different flavour in to here mm but i much prefer the water in to the water here you ' ve got lots of chalk so it ' s quite soft yeah i think it really
989. ##t ' s what i mean yeah yeah oh when you say back home you mean? yeah mm i prefer the water it ' s a completely different flavour in to here mm but i much prefer the water in to the water here you ' ve got lots of chalk so it ' s quite soft yeah i think it really makes a difference mm i don ' t know if it ' s i wouldn ' t
994. ? i think that ' s soft water er well i don ' t know because in the kettles and the sshowers get furred up all the time limescale that ' s hard water so that ' s hard water ah and round my way we get loads of limescale and that ' s hard water yeah so that ours must be quite soft cos i never have to de -
995. soft water er well i don ' t know because in the kettles and the sshowers get furred up all the time limescale that ' s hard water so that ' s hard water ah and round my way we get loads of limescale and that ' s hard water yeah so that ours must be quite soft cos i never have to de - fur the kettle ever no no
998. de - fur the kettle ever no no no yet i was al but the water it ' s ah maybe then chalk is soft i ' m pretty sure yeah it ' s nice yeah the our our water it tastes different too i prefer the taste of hard but i grew up with hard yeah well i always thought are you sure? i always thought we had hard water cos whenever you run the tap in
999. ' s nice yeah the our our water it tastes different too i prefer the taste of hard but i grew up with hard yeah well i always thought are you sure? i always thought we had hard water cos whenever you run the tap in it ' s always like almost bubbly and i softer it feels softer well i think that might that might be what they put in it yeah yeah have you got
1000. here? oh right yeah well isn ' t it? i thought i passed there should be a screwdriver under the sink i don ' t know if it ' s phillips i feel like the water in is less treated than the water in yeah i feel like this water has a flavour almost like chlorine or something it ' s also the pipe your own piping can affect it as well yeah
1001. ' t it? i thought i passed there should be a screwdriver under the sink i don ' t know if it ' s phillips i feel like the water in is less treated than the water in yeah i feel like this water has a flavour almost like chlorine or something it ' s also the pipe your own piping can affect it as well yeah that ' s true mm it '
1002. passed there should be a screwdriver under the sink i don ' t know if it ' s phillips i feel like the water in is less treated than the water in yeah i feel like this water has a flavour almost like chlorine or something it ' s also the pipe your own piping can affect it as well yeah that ' s true mm it ' s just what you ' re brought
1007. see it on the news that erm they ' d been striking same oh it is on the news? they have been on the news yeah yeah this is week three now did i give you your water darling? but they ' re not they only s no? they only actually had a one - day strike or something didn ' t they? i don ' t know how it happened cos our bin
1014. are mentally developed we need to keep our clothes on there was something about the european union back there job number one a farmacia for i ' m thirsty now thirsty? well do you want some water? here water oh no thanks it ' s fresh it ' s bottled i ' m alright thanks it says it ' s disappointing when you first arrive it ' s disappointing? what a bit touristy?
1015. we need to keep our clothes on there was something about the european union back there job number one a farmacia for i ' m thirsty now thirsty? well do you want some water? here water oh no thanks it ' s fresh it ' s bottled i ' m alright thanks it says it ' s disappointing when you first arrive it ' s disappointing? what a bit touristy? yeah a lot
1016. now we ' re gonna have to drink our own urine he is awful isn ' t he? it ' s what he does don ' t he? we ' ve we ' ve run out of water so we ' re gonna have to drink our own urine instead of just asking the camera crew to give him a cup of water innit i i bet he like he he gets like domino ' s order
1017. don ' t he? we ' ve we ' ve run out of water so we ' re gonna have to drink our own urine instead of just asking the camera crew to give him a cup of water innit i i bet he like he he gets like domino ' s order don ' t he like right we ' ve scaled that cliff domino ' s time sunshine let ' s have it he did one
1018. she was a fruitcake fucking weird fruitcake kept putting this on didn ' t she? it was like this perfume it was like bottled perfume it wasn ' t the strongest perfume and it was bottled water it ' s almost like you know when you know when your grandma used to give you like really shitty perfume when you were younger? still does oh bless her she was so it ' s like that she
1019. no yeah we had some left over old strawberries didn ' t look it up just boiled up some strawberries and didn ' t taste very good put them in the saucepan with a bit of water bit of sugar i was er see what happened to them er didn ' t didn ' t eat them afterwards that was our first year in korea though so i didn ' t know you made jam though mm
1020. there now have you are still on your first cup? i am but you can top it up yeah yes i will have a glass of beer oh yeah i didn ' t know whether to add more water to this cos it ' s got a bit concentrated i mean she ' s erm ' s got to the stage now where she ' s seriously considering the operation where they remove some of the int
1021. they read it once a year but i do it all online now yeah so i send them a meter reading and you send them your reading so they ' re estimated ones they ' ve got and our water would be all we can ' t say what that yeah yeah yeah so that i know yeah so yeah that ' s how much do you pay on water obviously for well we yeah don ' t i '
1022. re estimated ones they ' ve got and our water would be all we can ' t say what that yeah yeah yeah so that i know yeah so yeah that ' s how much do you pay on water obviously for well we yeah don ' t i ' ll tell you later doesn ' t matter yeah okay but what ' s typical nowadays what ' s average? what for well it does seem to vary from
1023. i ' ll tell you later doesn ' t matter yeah okay but what ' s typical nowadays what ' s average? what for well it does seem to vary from household to household yeah yeah well my water out of everything is going to be the shocker i mean we don ' t use a lot of water well yeah we ' ve been told our el they estimated our electricity as sixty pound a month with
1024. average? what for well it does seem to vary from household to household yeah yeah well my water out of everything is going to be the shocker i mean we don ' t use a lot of water well yeah we ' ve been told our el they estimated our electricity as sixty pound a month with the water or what but that ' s just a general estimate for this type of property are you are you
1025. everything is going to be the shocker i mean we don ' t use a lot of water well yeah we ' ve been told our el they estimated our electricity as sixty pound a month with the water or what but that ' s just a general estimate for this type of property are you are you water metered here? are you in a water meter? is that where you like i don ' t
1026. yeah we ' ve been told our el they estimated our electricity as sixty pound a month with the water or what but that ' s just a general estimate for this type of property are you are you water metered here? are you in a water meter? is that where you like i don ' t know put a card in and no no the water is metered as you use the out there i
1027. estimated our electricity as sixty pound a month with the water or what but that ' s just a general estimate for this type of property are you are you water metered here? are you in a water meter? is that where you like i don ' t know put a card in and no no the water is metered as you use the out there i mean i guess we might be er there are
1030. not be metered yeah it might not be metered but if it ' s not metered then thing is we ' ve contacted the electricity that ' s fine we ' ve got the internet the water company the water company we were on we used our credit on hold to them i was on hold for like half an hour credit run out had to stop no nothing and because they have those recorded messages it
1031. ##ed yeah it might not be metered but if it ' s not metered then thing is we ' ve contacted the electricity that ' s fine we ' ve got the internet the water company the water company we were on we used our credit on hold to them i was on hold for like half an hour credit run out had to stop no nothing and because they have those recorded messages it it on sky
1033. like that we phoned up they gave us a telephone number they said here ' s a telephone number ring it up and you can find out who your electricity is and you can find out who your water is mm but and they did actually the er company that came and did the inventory for this flat and then we had that external company come and measure up everything mm they had taken pictures of our meter but
1035. re not going to be able to do it cos we ' d have got four down there that we have to do con innit yeah bloody rip - off but ' s had problems with his water at that flat he had erm two hundred and something bill at one point yeah didn ' t he? yeah because there was only one water meter for and there ' s two flats that ' s what
1036. bloody rip - off but ' s had problems with his water at that flat he had erm two hundred and something bill at one point yeah didn ' t he? yeah because there was only one water meter for and there ' s two flats that ' s what i ' m worried about yeah i don ' t wanna pay for anyone else ' s water so i don ' t know i still don '
1037. t he? yeah because there was only one water meter for and there ' s two flats that ' s what i ' m worried about yeah i don ' t wanna pay for anyone else ' s water so i don ' t know i still don ' t know how they ' re sorting ' s out cos we erm we ' re fairly frugal we ' re pretty frugal and
1038. name was jesus or whatever erm he was just like talking the word of god but i don ' t think he came back to life i don ' t think he survived forty days without food or water cos i ' m pretty sure that ' s impossible that ' s more than a month so you ' d literally die maybe he was being he was feeding on the word of god but the word of
1041. you what is so funny about people you know there ' s a wonderful old statue temperance you know the temperance statue? they get well you know they had alcohol problems this year that they put these free water fountains they were talking about i didn ' t know so there ' s one in you know the church on yeah and it ' s the only spot where all the winos hang up and the fountains of
1042. ' s the only spot where all the winos hang up and the fountains of this te the temperance fountains don ' t work it ' s ironic isn ' t it they built that to give people water so they wouldn ' t drink so much gin and beer in the victorian times and drunk and stuff and um now you just see all the drunks sitting around it drinking beer cans and none of the fountains
1043. ' ll do some more relaxation on the feet yeah and then bring you round and just tell you about what i ' ve found okay in your feet yeah okay and bring you round with a glass of water yeah so erm other than the antidepressant yeah are you on anything else? erm i i i have take a and i can ' t remember what it ' s called but it '
1044. ve got a maxi dress on and i thought i ' m just gonna be normal with my maxi dress yeah and so er i said to can you film me? so i had a bucket of cold water and i got loads and loads of ice in a carrier bag oh i said and what i ' ll do when you start filming i said i ' ll i ' ll tip all the ice in so we
1045. help you to get in a good head space yeah yeah no that ' s that ' s a really good idea really will yeah i think so mm so we ' ll sit you up give you some water yeah and just talk about what we found okay mm in your feet er f one toenail a different colour did you spot that? i di i i only just from here did it peel off or something
1046. that ' s what i ' ve picked up today mm so is that everything would you say? yeah yeah yeah yeah? more or less? yeah yeah good yeah ah so try and drink plenty of water for today mm cos i have obviously done erm quite a firm treatment and yeah if you don ' t urinate any of these toxins which obviously i ' ve pushed back up yeah into the
1047. the body again and they ' re swimming all around yeah you will you can or will have a crashing headache yeah no that ' s right and it ' s not pleasant er i always drink loads of water anyway so great stuff yeah it ' s yeah so you can do that erm mm i don ' t know if you ' re drinking much caffeine at the moment are you? usually have one
1048. ' s fine then so you know if you can drink fruit tea got a nice coffee machine so i just do that that ' s fine then and i have herbal teas and then just loads of water so yeah great so try and drink those for the rest of the day then yeah i will do cos obviously they ' re not erm don ' t contain any caffeine yeah erm if
1049. a kettle can you? i know and that ' s what everyone keeps sayi er i ' ve got my coffee machine at least you just have to press the button and my coffee machine does hot water so i can just put my cup and get hot water for my herbal teas that ' s fantastic yeah so you can just put your cup in yeah and then press the button and do it cos
1050. what everyone keeps sayi er i ' ve got my coffee machine at least you just have to press the button and my coffee machine does hot water so i can just put my cup and get hot water for my herbal teas that ' s fantastic yeah so you can just put your cup in yeah and then press the button and do it cos i was saying to somebody about well i ' ll i
1051. do it cos i was saying to somebody about well i ' ll i ' m just the kettle i ' ll press it and the thing comes up and i ' ll just pput cups of water into the kettle and they were like oh yes i said and when it ' s boiled i said i ' ll just dip my cup into the boiling water and they go no you can ' t do that
1052. and i ' ll just pput cups of water into the kettle and they were like oh yes i said and when it ' s boiled i said i ' ll just dip my cup into the boiling water and they go no you can ' t do that i was like i ' ll be very careful but no i ' ve got er no my coffee machine ' s got hot water i ' ll just do
1053. cup into the boiling water and they go no you can ' t do that i was like i ' ll be very careful but no i ' ve got er no my coffee machine ' s got hot water i ' ll just do that so does tr iis working? or does she not work? she doesn ' t work now cos her back ' s really bad so so you can just call her
1056. that sweet potatoes are caribbean bit levi roots ow did he make any dishes with sweet potato? i dunno i ' ve never he had that cooking show didn ' t he where? is there some water in that? he had that cooking show where he was like yeah is that too hot? oh right oh yeah i was just i ' ve put that on like eleven i was just waiting so um he
1057. so much time you know and just yeah but that ' s crazy you were practising in the street and everything in the park but that ' s cr oh crap i haven ' t put any water in that ' s crazy money though yeah quite a lot d ' you wanna potato in there? uh d ' you think i should save those sweet potatoes for something else? um yeah maybe save those for
1058. as it happens oh have you? oh it was quite dry though um uh really not sure if if it may ' ve got too dry while we were away what about the other ones? did you water this one? yeah i watered both of them yeah that ' s the bell pepper isn ' t it? but there ' s there ' s we ' ve got tomatoes still with snow on them we '
1061. a whole scotch bonnet and he did suffer what looked like quite extreme pain and has to drink like he drank loads of sort of everything he could find it is really painful like he s he drank like water like tea like milk like yeah ugh i know they cure you know you ' re supposed to drink dairy products like you know milk or yoghurt but the tthe pain of it like yeah uh
1062. stuff like that and all of them just seem to have different stuff in but they ' re all quite expensive and i think a lot of that ' s just packaging could you pour me a glass of water actually while you ' re there? um already got one here ' s one i made earlier oh thank you um or was that the plant one like uh only jok only joking yeah i oh you better
1063. um already got one here ' s one i made earlier oh thank you um or was that the plant one like uh only jok only joking yeah i oh you better not have ugh the plant water um no and a lot of them have like st different stuff in and i mean like fancy packets but i bet you they ' re just the same d ' you know what i mean so i thought i
1065. foot out of a river and expect it to maintain fish cos no it just doesn ' t work like that plus mm also pollution comes into it cos you know you drop an egg cup of water into a into a cup as against a bucket there ' s a big difference isn ' t there? mm so er well still they ' ve overall it ' s a very bad thing but they still have
1072. d be a big area of water wwhen you think about all it would it would the all this side of and way up to yeah it would soon flood wouldn ' t need big areas of water it wouldn ' t need much would it? no well look at that look at that time i went through the flood where? dow that just coming out of the village and down and it used to flood
1086. fresh and stuff but i ' ve stopped doing that now what do you do? refill the bottle up and so we go to bed at like eleven i fill the i fill that up with boiling water have you been shouting? are you trying to explain too? what are you saying? eh? oh oh do you reckon he ' s a bit like i wanna sit up? he ' s trying now
1087. yeah i fill that up with erm cos i do eight ounces before bed but night feeds i just do seven ounces yeah erm i fill it up with seven ounces of boiling water put it in his thermal bag thing and oh take a formula pot out and then when it gets to his night feed i just like take out the thermal bag and put the formula in it ' s obviously
1088. thermal bag and put the formula in it ' s obviously with him sleeping through it ' s cold mm so i will come down and tip a bit out and top it up with a bit of boiling water and then put it in yeah so it ' s the right sort of temperature i mean i know i shouldn ' t do that but well he seems to be fine and like if it ' s like say
1089. really high it was like a bus that had loads of steps to get off you know? yeah and like you know that plastic bowl that i ' ve got? in that i sometimes drain the vegetable water into? you know that plastic bowl that ' s in the k in the sink? in the you know? yeah so then the next thing i know i ' d like balanced this the that plastic bowl
1091. good it is good so it ' s ninety - four thousand it ' s over twenty thousand dirham cheaper a year yeah madness and and it ' s then when you start counting things like electricity and water bills exactly and internet and tv bill which is four hundred and yeah it ' s not cheap fifty dirham a month or something insane yeah it ' s it ' s actually more like thirty thousand yeah and
1093. well i might do no? well possibly well yeah i think so i ' m gonna have to pour this don ' t worry i ' m sure i ' ll get loads don ' t pour cold water on it oh gosh turn it turn it off turn it off why? because there ' s fat in there i need the hot water to keep the fat melted and if you start to put cold water
1094. m sure i ' ll get loads don ' t pour cold water on it oh gosh turn it turn it off turn it off why? because there ' s fat in there i need the hot water to keep the fat melted and if you start to put cold water in it it cools it down and the fat goes horrible starts to congeal and it makes it really hard to clean it off wow
1095. on it oh gosh turn it turn it off turn it off why? because there ' s fat in there i need the hot water to keep the fat melted and if you start to put cold water in it it cools it down and the fat goes horrible starts to congeal and it makes it really hard to clean it off wow we need to buy some more pretzels mm mm you need
1098. funny that ' s alright women will always rule the world yeah that ' s one way of doing it putting some hormones in the system cos there ' s so much you know goes through it the water supply through you all done mrs? you know all that recycling yeah i ' m done that was delicious thanks love mm it ' s like when you see the anti - bacterial sprays isn ' t it
1100. know all of them in the easy life well they had the war and they had bad health care it ' s like in life of brian what did the roman ' s ever do for us? clean water the roads education education bridges aqueducts clean water sewerage under floor heating under floor heating all very important making sure i ' ve got no garlic in my teeth no you don ' t have any garlic plenty
1101. they had the war and they had bad health care it ' s like in life of brian what did the roman ' s ever do for us? clean water the roads education education bridges aqueducts clean water sewerage under floor heating under floor heating all very important making sure i ' ve got no garlic in my teeth no you don ' t have any garlic plenty of pesto though pesto i am stuffed
1102. it goes up the window yeah and then sometimes cos the the hosepipe ' s outside the window here put it there for cleaning the fish out so i ' ll just get it and and spray water and spray water and ' s done it as well that ' s right yeah this and sometimes you hit the the little water thing and it splatters back and it ' s just the whole window '
1103. the window yeah and then sometimes cos the the hosepipe ' s outside the window here put it there for cleaning the fish out so i ' ll just get it and and spray water and spray water and ' s done it as well that ' s right yeah this and sometimes you hit the the little water thing and it splatters back and it ' s just the whole window ' s getting covered
1106. find a baby sparrow? well no you know so then we thought we ' ll actually may be able to try it and dad said we ought to try and feed it bread with some warm milk and water mm to do that so i was doing a bit of that and i was slowly feeding it and i was thinking i was gonna save this little baby and erm a bit later you could actually see it
1107. through ' s bedroom window but that died we had that a few years with pink flowers but then we just kept looking at that fence and thinking what shall we do? and had ideas of lights and water all sorts and i was going let ' s start small you know cos he ' s always like oh we could do yeah so that ' s when we thought at least le get something and had the
1113. well and it builds up and the blisters come and they burst so i suppose your footballing days are definitely over and he said i could drowned from the inside if i didn ' t take water tablets yeah so if you ever hear me you know what to do oh no get a pump out don ' t say that
1115. single time i wouldn ' t be able to live cos you know i know you ' re living at ' s at the minute just for a bit but still you get your food you get your water you get your electricity you get your washing done that would cost you like seventy pounds per week just for you to live and that ' s without getting anywhere or mm anything else that you might need like er
1116. m fine thank you you won ' t? no thank you erm i keep oh actually oh sorry can i just have the same glass don ' t worry can i just have half a glass of water? yeah please thank you sorry dad if i sit still then you there ' s always i mean ring ring me if you ' re bored by us we will go into your but just get a second opinion
1118. ' s not really? yeah she didn ' t believe it at all ah brilliant so yeah that ' s always good to know yeah definitely will want a drink? er i ' ve brought some sparkling water he might have some of that in a minute so are you having a drink at all? have some of that yeah i ' ll have a cup of tea actually yeah sorry that ' s okay erm
1119. yeah we ' ve got a real mix of just for when the parents come up come and sit down and eat please? walking with his scone that ' s okay drink did you want a sparkling water or do you want a coffee? they ' ve got a little percolator did you want sparkling water or do you want proper coffee? i ' ll have a water please ah would you? thank
1120. eat please? walking with his scone that ' s okay drink did you want a sparkling water or do you want a coffee? they ' ve got a little percolator did you want sparkling water or do you want proper coffee? i ' ll have a water please ah would you? thank you esp sit down especially er i noticed quite a big difference between drinking a cup of this and drinking
1121. did you want a sparkling water or do you want a coffee? they ' ve got a little percolator did you want sparkling water or do you want proper coffee? i ' ll have a water please ah would you? thank you esp sit down especially er i noticed quite a big difference between drinking a cup of this and drinking a cup of instant coffee yes this is definitely stronger oh god yeah
1122. ' s day or her birthday but mine are never as good as ' s he ' s so oh i know ah you found my hot wat it ' s a puppet it ' s also a hot water bottle holder mm have you got blankets and things? yeah we do have some blankets we ' ve got a couple of the ones that are in the sofa i ' ve got a couple more of those and
1123. haven ' t put the pizza in yet what can i offer you? cup of tea? cup of coffee? gla there ' s some nice wine actually erm i ' ll just have some water just want water? and and actually i ' ll have er a tea as well please a tea and a water no problem sit down er there are a couple of things i ' m gonna ask you to
1124. put the pizza in yet what can i offer you? cup of tea? cup of coffee? gla there ' s some nice wine actually erm i ' ll just have some water just want water? and and actually i ' ll have er a tea as well please a tea and a water no problem sit down er there are a couple of things i ' m gonna ask you to do before lunch
1125. gla there ' s some nice wine actually erm i ' ll just have some water just want water? and and actually i ' ll have er a tea as well please a tea and a water no problem sit down er there are a couple of things i ' m gonna ask you to do before lunch that ' s alright one is put a chair outside and the other is er of course i can
1126. ##ort of i think er f i think pretty much when me and aren ' t there no point having a house that ' s not lived in the spiders get in i ' m just gonna get some water do you want some? erm no but you can make yourself some more tea if you want? put the kettle on i ' ll have w w switch to water if you er water ' s in
1127. ' m just gonna get some water do you want some? erm no but you can make yourself some more tea if you want? put the kettle on i ' ll have w w switch to water if you er water ' s in the jug in the fridge still you won ' t have time while you ' re at to learn any languages will you? yeah i mean there is lalanguage
1128. get some water do you want some? erm no but you can make yourself some more tea if you want? put the kettle on i ' ll have w w switch to water if you er water ' s in the jug in the fridge still you won ' t have time while you ' re at to learn any languages will you? yeah i mean there is lalanguage s s there '
1136. i saw him yesterday at work oh he ' s back at work then so yeah then he must be alright yeah good yeah he ' s back at work erm and i ' m gonna put some water on you ' re going to put some water on? yeah i ' m gonna have some pot noodles pot noodles are you? cos er i didn ' t have lunch today right so you ' re
1137. s back at work then so yeah then he must be alright yeah good yeah he ' s back at work erm and i ' m gonna put some water on you ' re going to put some water on? yeah i ' m gonna have some pot noodles pot noodles are you? cos er i didn ' t have lunch today right so you ' re having your lunch now are you? well no
1140. strong mm yes i ' m wondering about the wisdom of two coffees but i ' m likely to talk a lot and then later be really knackered i know i need to drink loads of water if i drink coffee yeah because i just get the worst headaches i get so civilised in in most places in berlin you get a glass of tap water comes with your coffee mm and that ' s
1141. i know i need to drink loads of water if i drink coffee yeah because i just get the worst headaches i get so civilised in in most places in berlin you get a glass of tap water comes with your coffee mm and that ' s good i like that but i think they don ' t believe in tap water here yeah i ' ve noticed that it seems to be reasonable quality though i think
1142. so civilised in in most places in berlin you get a glass of tap water comes with your coffee mm and that ' s good i like that but i think they don ' t believe in tap water here yeah i ' ve noticed that it seems to be reasonable quality though i think it ' s fine yeah i mean mine goes through a brita filter because it ' s just so bloody limescaley
1143. think it ' s fine yeah i mean mine goes through a brita filter because it ' s just so bloody limescaley but in well actually i suppose in terms of you know quality of drinking water it ' s not like in northern ireland it was pretty much o run off the mountains mm hm and the water you could taste the quality it was beautiful it didn ' t have fluoride or ch
1145. ' t have fluoride or chlorine or loads of chemical shit pumped through it like you get in england erm cambridge because there are absolutely no hills erm mm hm every glass of water you drink has already been pissed seven times mm hm so and it ' s full of chemicals it ' s full of fluoride it ' s really shit water yeah it ' s the same where i
1147. and loads of you know so why does it need to be treated with such nastiness? but it ' s not very nice yeah i sort of think er and so they were like blind testing water from different parts of the country mm er you know what could you taste and is it different which is your favourite? and the best water in england is in the northeast around northumberland ah near the hills again
1148. i sort of think er and so they were like blind testing water from different parts of the country mm er you know what could you taste and is it different which is your favourite? and the best water in england is in the northeast around northumberland ah near the hills again yeah because it ' s quite hilly yeah yeah but northern ireland was just so nice so nice it had a slightly nutty taste to my
1149. yeah but northern ireland was just so nice so nice it had a slightly nutty taste to my taste buds but i could almost smell the goodness on it mm hm mm hm it was just incredibly good water incredibly good and cambridge i don ' t like drinking it but then i refuse to buy plastic petrochemical yeah i don ' t like buying bottled water bottled stuff erm but you know it ' s
1150. mm hm mm hm it was just incredibly good water incredibly good and cambridge i don ' t like drinking it but then i refuse to buy plastic petrochemical yeah i don ' t like buying bottled water bottled stuff erm but you know it ' s funny if you ask people here yeah you know what ' s your favourite brand of water? yeah they ' ve all got an opinion everybody ' s got
1151. plastic petrochemical yeah i don ' t like buying bottled water bottled stuff erm but you know it ' s funny if you ask people here yeah you know what ' s your favourite brand of water? yeah they ' ve all got an opinion everybody ' s got an opinion i know i noticed that that you know very soon after arriving i asked for some tap water in a restaurant and they looked at
1152. ' s your favourite brand of water? yeah they ' ve all got an opinion everybody ' s got an opinion i know i noticed that that you know very soon after arriving i asked for some tap water in a restaurant and they looked at me like i was from another planet and said no we don ' t do that would you like a bottle? well no why would i want mm hm mm hm a
1153. said no we don ' t do that would you like a bottle? well no why would i want mm hm mm hm a bottle? it just seems completely nonsensical yeah and i buy water for the bottle no but they need to probably get a better system yeah part of my degree was on water and they talk about it being liquid gold and the new oil mm hm because i imagine free energy
1158. over water that ' s erm hopefully gonna get knocked on the head i mean again as technology has developed and free energy should allow for free desalination so everybody should be able to access free water mm hm but i suppose what ' s made a difference is you know pepsi coke nestle danone all of those that have made this massive industry by convincing people that tap water is poor quality mm hm
1159. able to access free water mm hm but i suppose what ' s made a difference is you know pepsi coke nestle danone all of those that have made this massive industry by convincing people that tap water is poor quality mm hm so they sell you water which is also tap water mm hm in a plastic bottle yeah unbelievable and pretending it ' s something health - giving it ' s interesting the psychology behind it
1160. what ' s made a difference is you know pepsi coke nestle danone all of those that have made this massive industry by convincing people that tap water is poor quality mm hm so they sell you water which is also tap water mm hm in a plastic bottle yeah unbelievable and pretending it ' s something health - giving it ' s interesting the psychology behind it all of it and erm if you look on
1161. difference is you know pepsi coke nestle danone all of those that have made this massive industry by convincing people that tap water is poor quality mm hm so they sell you water which is also tap water mm hm in a plastic bottle yeah unbelievable and pretending it ' s something health - giving it ' s interesting the psychology behind it all of it and erm if you look on some of the bottles in
1162. here mm erm i can ' t read what it says obviously but on some there ' s you know like a picture of erm a mum and a child or a pregnant woman as though this water is specially formulated yeah yeah pregnant women for pregnant women what? why or how? probably be better off with a bottle of guinness mm just anyway an interesting thing i was listening to on woman ' s hour
1163. and what do you do with your period pants? i mean i didn ' t know until i was about twenty - five that you ' re meant to wash them leave them to soak in cold water a bit of vanish or whatever and again a good scrub with cold water and then in the washing machine and they ' re fine i just throw mine away and buy really cheap ones yeah i threw a pair
1164. ' t know until i was about twenty - five that you ' re meant to wash them leave them to soak in cold water a bit of vanish or whatever and again a good scrub with cold water and then in the washing machine and they ' re fine i just throw mine away and buy really cheap ones yeah i threw a pair of a pair away yesterday and i was like there is no hope for
1167. were still crawling all over the plane and this was like mm i ' d have to say happening for about five hours and wouldn ' t let us out or to go to the toilet or to get water or anything and there was nothing in there and so there was this huge mutiny everyone was like you must let us out we have to go to the toilet you must provide us with water at least and em
1168. or to get water or anything and there was nothing in there and so there was this huge mutiny everyone was like you must let us out we have to go to the toilet you must provide us with water at least and em to be able to go and get some food and they were just weren ' t giving us any information about how long the delay would be or when they would be able to let us
1169. my hot yoga is that i worry about weight loss like i say to you and em subsequently like i since my yoga classes i ' ve been drinking like a litre and a half to two litres of water every day which is good considering i don ' t drink very much but yeah that ' s the only thing i ' m worried about you then go and sweat it all off again yeah mm well you have
1171. i say i have one dad bought it as well my mum went through a phase and she literally she star she wanted to go camping in she literally bought everything for camping she bought like a bit massive water storage butt thing never used any of it yeah the one one of the ones that does like ten litres? went camping once didn ' t use any of the stuff we should go camping when it ' s
1172. how to play london ' s burning on the recorder oh yeah and then how to sing it in a round yes yes yeah yeah how to sing anything in a round screaming fire fire fire fire pour on water pour on water the king of the road song oh i used that for my media king of the road but probably not the actual sentiment behind it what animals the different instruments represent in peter and the wolf no
1174. walk walking across checking the hedgerows slid down the ditch and caught her foot in the in the railing at the top and hung upside down oh gosh she said luckily there wasn ' t any water in the ditch yeah oh my goodness could have been awful nobody knows i said didn ' t you bring you didn ' t you have phone? she said no i never cart my phone about i said co
1178. all white i agree people always keep them beautifully clean don ' t they? mm mm that ' s risky isn ' t it? mm nutter mm i wonder if she ' s gonna bring our water? mm oh i forgot about that yeah sounds as though she ' s forgotten who was it you asked? the girl who brought the drinks oh that ' s a bit sad innit? dad and a
1179. cushion behind my shoulder? have they got internet? erm i never checked actually because i went to do a recording instead oh this is the girl we asked excuse me could we have those glasses of water please? yes i forgot sorry thank you dunno what that guy ' s had looks like it ' s got nuts on top of it mm bit like in an ice cream isn ' t it? mm
1180. not having a tattoo i am well have a well have a sundae i don ' t want a sundae okay don ' t have a sundae i won ' t she ' s forgotten our water again oh yeah flipping heck the third time of asking i will have a tattoo what do you think of croatia eh then? so far? yeah underwhelmed yeah that ' s what we were saying
1182. they ' re dirty have you paid have you? no no no you ' ve paid i ' ll ask for the bill darling ask for the bill see the couldn ' t find my eyes goodbye drinking water can you feel how hot your phone is is? how hot it is yeah it ' s i felt it hot oh yeah it ' s pretty hot have you turned it off? no are they german?
1183. coke owns everything though all the soft drinks anything like fan it owns a lot of them yeah fanta sprint sprint? sprite yeah one well i wouldn ' t and then quite a lot of the water brands as well so they can claim to be healthy danone i think that ' s coke ' s i forget which is which now sorry? is it danone or something that ' s coke or something
1184. think that ' s coke ' s i forget which is which now sorry? is it danone or something that ' s coke or something? oh i dunno danone? yeah is that a water brand or something? that ' s a yoghurt brand innit? oh is it? oh i dunno then they own a lot of stuff they do luckily you don ' t really dr you
1185. mcdonalds but the other one burger king? burger king so oh right they went there? yes dad there ' s one sorry sorry carry on saying in the car just that er there ' s no water when he gets home cos they heard it on the news there was something wrong with it they ' ve not had it on or they ' ve t pumped loads of chlorine into the water well
1186. water when he gets home cos they heard it on the news there was something wrong with it they ' ve not had it on or they ' ve t pumped loads of chlorine into the water well his wife phoned in the car a few times and er apparently there ' s er er a website erm er no on on facebook apparently there ' s a a warning that er certain the three
1187. a website erm er no on on facebook apparently there ' s a a warning that er certain the three postcodes mm like where he is like round that way really er shouldn ' t use their water because they oh there ' s some contamination going on and er i thought he lived in and i just said in? he went no yeah so but apparently er the website or the the facebook message is wrong
1188. the postcode not so oh so he doesn ' t he doesn ' t live there? so so he doe it ' s probably his him so er what was he going to lidl for? water? water oh mm right okay so he didn ' t know anything well your wife was on the phone because she n she needs you to find that broken knife yes well go on then where were we?
1189. ##code not so oh so he doesn ' t he doesn ' t live there? so so he doe it ' s probably his him so er what was he going to lidl for? water? water oh mm right okay so he didn ' t know anything well your wife was on the phone because she n she needs you to find that broken knife yes well go on then where were we? or not
1190. we went under when he did this before two thousand and nine and that i i just gutted for him cos i just think ththere ' s a huge ththe this customer a massive water company wanting these pipes it ' s like a multi multi - million pound they ' re a yeah they ' re a c it ' s a conglomeration i think of three companies yeah there ' s
1191. pipes it ' s like a multi multi - million pound they ' re a yeah they ' re a c it ' s a conglomeration i think of three companies yeah there ' s the contractors water authority i was dealing with right well okay so rather probably you ' ve got this so you ' ve got this big four million pound project four million is just the pipe supply they ' ve got all sorts
1192. but erm involved he ' s doing trying to sort of er get kind of they need to sign or to least do i know do something but gives too much away but apparently er says the er water company haven ' t got a contract at the other end to lay the pipe yet oh right so they haven ' t got the contract to l are they gonna pay? right so that ' s what he
1193. we ' ve got ice cream do you wanna buy like some sauce? or something? what so get chocolate sauce or get chocolate to melt? oh yeah get chocolate to melt when when is this a water pipe or a sewage pipe? water water drinking water? well i dunno water is it? i dunno yeah yeah water i dunno yeah so when when they put this pipeline together it gets dirty
1194. you wanna buy like some sauce? or something? what so get chocolate sauce or get chocolate to melt? oh yeah get chocolate to melt when when is this a water pipe or a sewage pipe? water water drinking water? well i dunno water is it? i dunno yeah yeah water i dunno yeah so when when they put this pipeline together it gets dirty anyway yeah well that ' s what
1195. wanna buy like some sauce? or something? what so get chocolate sauce or get chocolate to melt? oh yeah get chocolate to melt when when is this a water pipe or a sewage pipe? water water drinking water? well i dunno water is it? i dunno yeah yeah water i dunno yeah so when when they put this pipeline together it gets dirty anyway yeah well that ' s what er
1196. like some sauce? or something? what so get chocolate sauce or get chocolate to melt? oh yeah get chocolate to melt when when is this a water pipe or a sewage pipe? water water drinking water? well i dunno water is it? i dunno yeah yeah water i dunno yeah so when when they put this pipeline together it gets dirty anyway yeah well that ' s what er and they
1197. ? what so get chocolate sauce or get chocolate to melt? oh yeah get chocolate to melt when when is this a water pipe or a sewage pipe? water water drinking water? well i dunno water is it? i dunno yeah yeah water i dunno yeah so when when they put this pipeline together it gets dirty anyway yeah well that ' s what er and they have to blast it what kept
1198. to melt? oh yeah get chocolate to melt when when is this a water pipe or a sewage pipe? water water drinking water? well i dunno water is it? i dunno yeah yeah water i dunno yeah so when when they put this pipeline together it gets dirty anyway yeah well that ' s what er and they have to blast it what kept saying yeah? yeah they ' ve gotta blast
1199. put this pipeline together it gets dirty anyway yeah well that ' s what er and they have to blast it what kept saying yeah? yeah they ' ve gotta blast it at high speed yeah yeah with water to clean it er so i don ' t understand this well this it ' s er i mean both both they were both saying there is no need there there there is yeah well we don ' t need
1201. mm that is strange isn ' t it? yeah there were so definitely two yeah oh here it is it was hidden amongst the colour oh i didn ' t look properly see er would you like some water? yes please would you like a drink of alcohol? ah are you going to have one? yeah yeah okay then that would be nice thank you would you like some water as well? yes please yeah
1202. er would you like some water? yes please would you like a drink of alcohol? ah are you going to have one? yeah yeah okay then that would be nice thank you would you like some water as well? yes please yeah yes me too erm well there ' s rum and coke oh i ' ll see what spirits there are and see if you want to mix oh my goodness mix it with
1206. and stuff oh that ' s good yeah yeah and in the middle east they are you know have pools of built strong enough to not pools so much oh but they ' re strong enough that they put water tanks and stuff oh yeah but they ' re strong you can walk on they ' re designed to be walked on oh that ' s good whereas ours usually aren ' t are they? no but yeah yeah
1207. i think yeah yeah the cheap ikea stuff i ' ve bought before it hasn ' t been treated oh okay the pine so it stains like if you put a little glass and it ' s got water on it it ' ll mark wood will stain yeah whereas this won ' t stain no it ' s varnished and everything yeah yeah that ' s it they haven ' t varnished it i guess you
1217. so so is he still alive? your grandpa? no he passed away in nineteen ninety - nine oh dear this is the terrible thing isn ' t it? i know do you want a glass of water? yes please yeah i don ' t think we ' ve got time for tea or coffee or anything no we haven ' t unless you want a cup of tea here do you want a cup of tea
1218. had like some like muscle spasm at work or whatever and he said he was going to lie down erm and then i went up like half an hour later and just got him like a hot water bottle just to give him some like heat it so erm basically his back but yeah poor lad i don ' t know whether it ' s cos we ' d were walking at the weekend like it
1219. oh i think you are an adult madam i don ' t feel like one i still feel like a kid well that ' s handy then in some ways did you manage alright when all the electric and water was off? did you have food and drink and? yeah well we had we had water anyway and because we had gas erm cookers we were fine mm yeah just needed the light to see what
1220. like a kid well that ' s handy then in some ways did you manage alright when all the electric and water was off? did you have food and drink and? yeah well we had we had water anyway and because we had gas erm cookers we were fine mm yeah just needed the light to see what we were doing and and maand matches mm erm mm and we had candles and stuff
1221. much really then? well apart from having like no light in the evening and no electricity or anything what about heating? no we didn ' t have heating but erm but did you not have your water off then? was your water st alright? we had water we had cold water but bec we didn ' t have yeah hot water because and didn ' t have any water did they for a while
1222. from having like no light in the evening and no electricity or anything what about heating? no we didn ' t have heating but erm but did you not have your water off then? was your water st alright? we had water we had cold water but bec we didn ' t have yeah hot water because and didn ' t have any water did they for a while? no well they no co
1223. the evening and no electricity or anything what about heating? no we didn ' t have heating but erm but did you not have your water off then? was your water st alright? we had water we had cold water but bec we didn ' t have yeah hot water because and didn ' t have any water did they for a while? no well they no cos theirs was that wtha
1224. electricity or anything what about heating? no we didn ' t have heating but erm but did you not have your water off then? was your water st alright? we had water we had cold water but bec we didn ' t have yeah hot water because and didn ' t have any water did they for a while? no well they no cos theirs was that wthat was due to
1225. t have heating but erm but did you not have your water off then? was your water st alright? we had water we had cold water but bec we didn ' t have yeah hot water because and didn ' t have any water did they for a while? no well they no cos theirs was that wthat was due to the height they were at theirs they mm get their water
1226. you not have your water off then? was your water st alright? we had water we had cold water but bec we didn ' t have yeah hot water because and didn ' t have any water did they for a while? no well they no cos theirs was that wthat was due to the height they were at theirs they mm get their water differently i can ' t remember theirs theirs
1227. because and didn ' t have any water did they for a while? no well they no cos theirs was that wthat was due to the height they were at theirs they mm get their water differently i can ' t remember theirs theirs has to be pumped up yeah yeah pumped like erm ours isn ' t like you can ' t just turn a turn a tap and it ' ll run out
1228. it i think she said it was the mayor that switches it off the mayor yeah well to save money yeah yeah so you might get up and there ' s no electricity and they do the same with water every now and then they clean all the pipes out mm but they don ' t warn anybody they don ' t say it just goes off yeah oh they don ' t say right next tuesday at four o
1230. goes off yeah oh they don ' t say right next tuesday at four o ' clock we ' re putting the water off for six hours or something like that mm erm they just go to get water and there isn ' t any or they go to get electricity and there isn ' t any yeah erm yeah just unbelievable but they seem to h be having a job settling in because they can ' t
1233. mm now looks like her cooking and that ' s where gets it is a cook good cook and all the greek boys they compete with competition do you want a drink? i ' m fine thanks some water? no i ' m fine fizzy water erm think glass of wine no thanks does er does still study? no he ' s finished now erm and he was after an apprenticeship but which it
1234. s where gets it is a cook good cook and all the greek boys they compete with competition do you want a drink? i ' m fine thanks some water? no i ' m fine fizzy water erm think glass of wine no thanks does er does still study? no he ' s finished now erm and he was after an apprenticeship but which it didn ' t materialise so that ' s
1235. a drink of what? erm i ' ve only got squash milk or water i ' ll just have a water if that ' s alright yeah what are you drinking? coffee cool so if i it never tastes the same as the coffee you have at work the first coffee of the
1236. a drink of what? erm i ' ve only got squash milk or water i ' ll just have a water if that ' s alright yeah what are you drinking? coffee cool so if i it never tastes the same as the coffee you have at work the first coffee of the day at work is the best yeah
1237. sleep rare and severe symptoms include abnormal heart rhythms weakness shortness of breath seizures oh my god gangrene tissue degeneration and unconsciousness mm alth luckily i got my bottom in some hot water straight away that ' s a bit random isn ' t it? although extremely unpleasant weever stings are not generally dangerous and the pain will ease considerably within a few hours even if untreated mm
1240. generator packed in so all the food we got in the freezer went off oh no we had to eat it in about two days cook it and ah it was a nightmare oh god and and the water pump packed in as well so you had no food and no water no no fresh water and we couldn ' t use the engine very much got fish in the sea yeah and they argue like in fact they
1241. went off oh no we had to eat it in about two days cook it and ah it was a nightmare oh god and and the water pump packed in as well so you had no food and no water no no fresh water and we couldn ' t use the engine very much got fish in the sea yeah and they argue like in fact they almost came to blows at one time and and the worst how many
1242. we had to eat it in about two days cook it and ah it was a nightmare oh god and and the water pump packed in as well so you had no food and no water no no fresh water and we couldn ' t use the engine very much got fish in the sea yeah and they argue like in fact they almost came to blows at one time and and the worst how many people were on the
1244. ##llegrino well it ' s been there unless it ' s if it ' s not op it ' s been there a long time i drank it when i first arrived but it ' s only water isn ' t it? okay so it ' s what can happen to water? it ' s sparkly so it can go flat seems okay are you bothered? am i bothered? yeah it does taste
1245. ' s not op it ' s been there a long time i drank it when i first arrived but it ' s only water isn ' t it? okay so it ' s what can happen to water? it ' s sparkly so it can go flat seems okay are you bothered? am i bothered? yeah it does taste a bit weird cos it ' s got the minerally flavour without the
1252. it ' s basic i mean basically they don ' t they they what they tend to do is make it up on the sanctuary you know oh right so it ' s so that er they can tip water in it mm in front of everybody they they don ' t have one that they sort of wheel out anywhere oh okay um and but for children i think there is one and i think it ' s at
1254. to spend don ' t you? will you check? i will check but not at this precise not at this precise moment i was suppose to water in there i i saw you going to put the water in the bin and i just thought mm yeah i was wondering and then i wondered hey what am i doing? okay i have an update of your pocket money in a while but you ' ve got about
1255. out well i ' ll do it over the weekend i ' ll take out the correct amount of money and then we will put it in there what are you doing? no can i have some more water please mum? are you clapping your hands as if i ' m a servant? no i ' m just humming the theme tune lyrics that was nice to see that again last night wasn ' t it lyrics
1257. that they are the facts yeah probably i ' m not necessarily saying that it ' s what we should do as a society anyone want a drink? erm i wouldn ' t mind a glass of water yeah i ' ll have a glass of water cos i think it ' s to to judge people by their gender is wrong but i do part of me thinks that mm in sheer numbers just numbers then
1258. m not necessarily saying that it ' s what we should do as a society anyone want a drink? erm i wouldn ' t mind a glass of water yeah i ' ll have a glass of water cos i think it ' s to to judge people by their gender is wrong but i do part of me thinks that mm in sheer numbers just numbers then yeah but you could say that does anyone else
1259. ' s to to judge people by their gender is wrong but i do part of me thinks that mm in sheer numbers just numbers then yeah but you could say that does anyone else want a glass of water while i ' m on my feet? with my tea want to get rid of that cup? er yes you could do want a glass of water? what makes it what makes you say that it should
1260. could say that does anyone else want a glass of water while i ' m on my feet? with my tea want to get rid of that cup? er yes you could do want a glass of water? what makes it what makes you say that it should be the women that don ' t work? exactly yeah but er i do think let ' s halve the amount of men that work yeah but
1261. the way i hope you don ' t mind so that equals out doesn ' t it? no no? the game was thirty i think wasn ' t it? twenty - eight? what? some water and and you ' re like oh you ' re being recorded by the was like oh right so er half a game is fourteen ' s is twenty so that ' s thirty - four pounds assuming that '
1262. come to switzerland for new year and then i was like i can ' t i have to work who said that? not talking to you can you get me a couple of cokes? yes a water and a coke with no vodka mine on the other hand no er yeah she ' s like come to switzerland for new year and i was like right i can ' t affor i can ' t afford
1263. ' s like five pound er to just to get a coffee out is it? hideously expensive oh really? but if it ' s only for like a couple of days yeah and you just drank water you ' ve got another sixty years or so left in you i know yeah i know i think you ' ll appreciate catching up after university when you ' ve kind of separated and i don ' t i
1272. do some deep some sunken water tank or something i dunno mm? i ' ve not heard of it myself something about a tank a big tank of water heating solar panel heating a big tank of water yeah well you it ' s solar he solar heating or something where you you remember when had it in his house? oh right okay watch out for it ' s basically where you have use the solar you
1273. solar heating or something where you you remember when had it in his house? oh right okay watch out for it ' s basically where you have use the solar you know raradiation to heat up water yeah which basically takes the edge off likes warms up your heating water yes erm so you have to use up a lot less energy to get it hot mm so say your heating water is by like
1274. ? oh right okay watch out for it ' s basically where you have use the solar you know raradiation to heat up water yeah which basically takes the edge off likes warms up your heating water yes erm so you have to use up a lot less energy to get it hot mm so say your heating water is by like standard ten degrees yeah and you can get it up to about twenty degrees
1275. heat up water yeah which basically takes the edge off likes warms up your heating water yes erm so you have to use up a lot less energy to get it hot mm so say your heating water is by like standard ten degrees yeah and you can get it up to about twenty degrees using the solar panels oh yeah you you skip that energy to go from ten to twenty oh good i doubt is managing
1276. her head yeah what was her name? amy winehouse wino yeah yeah yeah amy wino silly bitch how did she die? drug overdose i think idiot yeah do you want a drink? yeah water mate do you want you you don ' t want a moroccan tea? what ' s a moroccan tea? it ' s tea with mint i ' ll give it a try yeah it ' s quite nice
1278. make my own naan i do that yeah probably that ' s an unleavened bread isn ' t it? yeah it ' s not amazing like if i what is it just flour and water? no i mean i would say flour and water would be more like chapatti but there ' s again variations of the recipe but when i make naan i use egg and mi i don '
1279. that ' s an unleavened bread isn ' t it? yeah it ' s not amazing like if i what is it just flour and water? no i mean i would say flour and water would be more like chapatti but there ' s again variations of the recipe but when i make naan i use egg and mi i don ' t use water i use milk erm and then
1280. mean i would say flour and water would be more like chapatti but there ' s again variations of the recipe but when i make naan i use egg and mi i don ' t use water i use milk erm and then i ' ll probably put a little a little bit of baking powder in there yeah erm but i don ' t have a tandoori oven or nothing so it
1283. dropped him off at my door and said you need to look after him cos we ' re going cos he ' s been sick so i looked after him put him to sleep got him some water and like all that sorta shit mm and then i were like what is ' s problem with me? why didn ' t she like me? like oh it she heard you once say that one girl
1286. told me they actually like took it out of the case the ipad out of the case like they went to the effort and then they put ' s laptop in the sink like full of the bowl of water yeah and she ' s got a really expensive laptop it it ' s like you know like as good as a mac but it ' s not a mac? mm yeah and they l they left it in
1288. not a clue why anybody i don ' t know any of them like i don ' t think i would even go to the extent of putting somebody ' s like ipad and laptop in a bowl of water no cos if somebody had done that to me i ' d be fucking livid like beyond livid like mm that is so unfair like someone ' s cheated on me i know it ' s quite
1289. had a particularly bad erm cos it w had like a disk like in sort of word cos there was a sort of rotating part erm hang on two things firstly can you pick my water bottle up floor which is really annoying and secondly you mean it was a hard drive not a flash drive yeah yes erm which i mean possibly was there was more bits to break and more bits to over
1291. a really good way of using them up cos we don ' t eat them very quickly so yeah erm a few bags of crisps we might wanna buy a a bo a pack of bottled water cos we don ' t have enough for everyone oh i ' ve got a flask which is a canteen so oh okay fair enough which is what i ' ll be planning on using cos then
1292. all so i don ' t know if that ' ll be enough for everyone but well i ' ve got two er more i ' ve got two and each one is equal to four small bottles of water okay fair enough yeah which brings us to well over ten bottles that should be fine yeah and we ' re not exactly in the wilderness er well you say that but we ' re still going prepared as if
1294. you ' re putting the leaves in the leaves even if i tie em in a knot to start with they untie yeah and fall apart and yeah i steep mine yeah that ' s it in hot water and then just add the water yeah mm i ' m convinced it ' s the main ingredient in lemsip mm cos it smells exactly the same as a lemon lemsip it is lemon le
1295. in the leaves even if i tie em in a knot to start with they untie yeah and fall apart and yeah i steep mine yeah that ' s it in hot water and then just add the water yeah mm i ' m convinced it ' s the main ingredient in lemsip mm cos it smells exactly the same as a lemon lemsip it is lemon lemsip doesn ' t smell
1297. ready to give up mm i ' ve given up lovely this game will take a few hours okay well wwe ' ll s we ' ll erm do er our washing up and i might need to water a few things outside and then after that we ' ll be ready yeah and we ' ll give it a go cool i ' ll see if there ' s anything i need to record for us this evening
1298. we ' re just waiting for you to go right er relax don ' t do it let us do er the heavy lifting when you wanna go through it is this anybody ' s wa is this your water on here? ah i think i may have just put water down yeah right that ' s alright brilliant sorry in the dishwasher i ' ll take it next door shall i? you alright? yeah
1299. don ' t do it let us do er the heavy lifting when you wanna go through it is this anybody ' s wa is this your water on here? ah i think i may have just put water down yeah right that ' s alright brilliant sorry in the dishwasher i ' ll take it next door shall i? you alright? yeah i ' m good ready to play yeah i think they might
1300. it says a pass and a fail or something else yeah so you can just choose the or without doing the vote or we can vote and get the pass or fail oh mm i need a glass of water mm oh can i drink it? i dunno whose it is oh it ' s mine no yours is behind you er oh is that mine? they ' re both mine yeah let ' s stop in
1301. ' t he? yeah erm yeah i ' ve got that to still do haven ' t i? okay oh i haven ' t even thrown or picked up cards oh yeah i definitely need a water is there a bourbon biscuit? if you want one yeah could you please take that into the kitchen? yeah absolutely do you want tea or coffee? erm i ' ll have a coffee please okay
1302. ' re playing cooperatively aren ' t we? so mm mm oh you got your bourbons take them through let me take them through start erm boiling the drinks ah these are are you having water? yeah you don ' t wanna drink or anything? no water ' s fine unless you ' re having one no no i won ' t have one not with my medicine erm might take him a
1303. oh you got your bourbons take them through let me take them through start erm boiling the drinks ah these are are you having water? yeah you don ' t wanna drink or anything? no water ' s fine unless you ' re having one no no i won ' t have one not with my medicine erm might take him a while to pick it up especially i ' ve got a slight inside
1304. i see right season three and season four yeah do you have hot chocolate? yes? yeah please how do you make your hot chocolate? with chocolate do you make it with milk? no with with water oh i like it with milk can i have one with milk? sorry? can i have one with milk? well you ' ll have to put it in the microwave is that the only way of heating
1305. normally do put the milk in there two minutes full power do what you normally do whatever it is that normally gets done right so i ' ll see you in there then yeah okay milk you need the water oh bless you you look so cold i ' m freezing are you not cold? i ' m okay i ' m not too bad i was a little bit cold should think so bare arms let ' s
1306. one of the ways that said i could i could notice and like and i i knew like i knew of about thirty percent of the crowd mm right thought it was really really interesting did we bring any water? thought da have this drink i thought dad said he was bringing some i left it out on the fucking did you bring it? no i don ' t i don ' t think i picked it up
1307. think i picked it up is this pula? no no what ' s this? no idea not sure to be honest with you there ' s a little market there if you want to get some water erm yeah don ' t mind whatever have to jump in mate there ' s it ' s to change the bloody stressful i tell you the lady saw with one lot of skittles and she
1308. to have a different flavour? no she didn ' t she had all the packet and she saw with these oh crazy sour and she wanted them? i think that ' s what she was saying some water and i got washing up liquid too very good thank you yeah they had all sorts would you be able to pull the thing off? i don ' t want to ruin my nails i ' ll have one
1309. m just curious about all your opinion but what do you think the way forward is for like the energy - wise? that ' s a big question well did i tell you the hospital has found a water source buried underneath? and like a culvert? mm a reservoir he said erm who told you this? the guy who i can ' t remember what his title is erm something to do
1311. his title is erm something to do with operations they ' ve found this water source so they ' re gonna by two thousand and just open that and eighteen we ' ll be self - sufficient for water and energy heating isn ' t it? yeah that ' s really good uhu what are they doing? they ' re like so hydropower or they ' ll have to treat the water yeah i understand
1315. before this holiday you would not have what? i wouldn ' t have thought of buying paprika crisps before this holiday those tomato ones we had in venice were nice mm can i have some water please? uhu ta they ' ve been making hay here already there ' s another of those huts there yeah do you ever see anything of erm?? no no no from primary? yeah er
1316. then well i you ' re pulling my arm they ' re paprika aren ' t they? i just remembered then two hours to go my my heart went did it? can i have the water please? yeah water please i know i know oh made short work of them we did mm fatty boom - booms when does find out if he? i ' m sure it ' s next week i
1317. ' re pulling my arm they ' re paprika aren ' t they? i just remembered then two hours to go my my heart went did it? can i have the water please? yeah water please i know i know oh made short work of them we did mm fatty boom - booms when does find out if he? i ' m sure it ' s next week i ' ll ask him
1318. ? okay he does love some brusche oh has it gone all over? no oh oh are they not nice? oh no oh pesto flavour sorry let your dad try can i have the water please? oh jeez oh that nasty they ' re okay oh oh oh can we have the water please? oh that nasty you ' d have thought walkers would have stepped up to the mark with the
1319. they not nice? oh no oh pesto flavour sorry let your dad try can i have the water please? oh jeez oh that nasty they ' re okay oh oh oh can we have the water please? oh that nasty you ' d have thought walkers would have stepped up to the mark with the crisps wouldn ' t you? you know with all these little companies that are bringing like proper crisp
1320. didn ' t get garlic you get garlic as an aftertaste yeah it ' s a bit of a garlic - y aftertaste i think they ' re quite nice let ' s have the water kid gracias did you not have that? is this the end of the motorway? yeah it probably is we need to watch the season thing when i get home suits? yeah i need to give
1322. ' t cut bread properly no it is difficult it is when it ' s just come out just come out the yeah the one today didn ' t rise so much though i didn ' t put enough water in it oh it ' s funny if you don ' t get if you ' re just a little bit out yeah how it makes such a difference mm it is yeah that ' s like grand petite though
1323. know right using your nail clippers file cut the n nails to the sh desired length and shape gently push back cuticles i ' ve got to do that to reveal soak your hands in warm water oh i ' ve never done that first or apply i can ' t read this with my eyes moisturiser to soften prior to pushing back the cuticles oh yeah yeah yeah yeah select your desired
1324. the trick mm yeah we can send them camomile tea yeah or maybe it ' s something like that yeah might have a whisky tonight actually i thought got any mixers left? er yeah tonic water tonic well i don ' t like no i don ' t want gin whisky you can just have with hot water er it what is that a hot toddy or something? yeah hot toddy? it
1325. might have a whisky tonight actually i thought got any mixers left? er yeah tonic water tonic well i don ' t like no i don ' t want gin whisky you can just have with hot water er it what is that a hot toddy or something? yeah hot toddy? it ' s alright with lemon and honey or have a whisky hot chocolate no? yeah that might be nice yeah been
1326. okay okay i i thought everyone was drinking the same cocktail mm well maybe we ' ll have different cocktails in our from our vast alcohol cupboard yeah you ' ve got a choice of whisky and tonic water great well if we ever have they ' re calling them bullet parties bullet party is that what they ' re called? bullet cocktail party have you been watching qvc? bullet party something like that where you
1327. are we all pleased it ' s half - term? mm very mm what did you guys do today? erm wa a touch of water cycle a little bit of meeting mm what the new pupil? yeah is she nice? mm not entirely sure because was she being very shy? we haven ' t really met her yet properly oh was she
1328. putting a hosepipe ban on in norfolk really? eh? we just had all that rain not enough that ran off and went into the rivers we ' re going to have a hosepipe ban the water table is so low that lots of wells have dried up in norfolk really? mm are you itching to get out? huh? oh yeah i was just thinking what i ' m going to do he
1329. so so we ha erm had had a really nice lunch we decided to have a glass of prosecco because it was ' s birthday nearly and ' s birthday nearly mm with a large glass of water because obviously they were going back to work yeah we were both er we ' re all driving erm yes that it so it was really nice yeah really nice yeah no i didn ' t get didn '
1330. have another coffee if you want one well i might are you gonna have one? i ' ll have a little one i ' ll have one like yours no er no i ' ll stick to my water mm erm yeah the friend of mine she was telling me how she ' d gone to pick up her daughter mm from school and erm and ninicole erm kidman just came out good
1331. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you go down the bottom yeah it ' s sunshine you get you go up to yes yes yes absolutely and you ' re in fog yeah mm that was the only disadvantage the water was fed from a spring that used to travel over ground mm and if a leaf got in the sort of entrance to the pipe into the tank there was no water so we had to go traips
1332. mm that was the only disadvantage the water was fed from a spring that used to travel over ground mm and if a leaf got in the sort of entrance to the pipe into the tank there was no water so we had to go traipsing up through the fields about a mile away and then sort out the leaves push them to one side for the water to run in so we could flush the toilet
1333. the pipe into the tank there was no water so we had to go traipsing up through the fields about a mile away and then sort out the leaves push them to one side for the water to run in so we could flush the toilet and have a drink everyone that came to stay with us got terrible diarrhoea we got immune to it yeah you would do those were the days those
1334. he said early evening late afternoon can you lift the lid? you don ' t need the kettle on just ah sorry you dripped it on me sorry you said lift the lid yeah it ' s boiling water oh can you lift it again? i didn ' t mean drip drip all the well i didn ' t know it was gonna do that right yeah well yeah that ' s alright it ' s a shame
1335. oh maybe i ' ll have couscous how do you make your couscous again? erm my my s one my nice couscous yeah is put some salt some pepper put some water in and obviously cook it do you get your do you like make ah oh my god shit shit nice one that was really clumsy how am i gonna get this out? get a knife no i ' ll
1336. is well i it is you always get pepsi max when you go to the cinema and it ' s really nice and refreshing and like icy so maybe i do like it that ' s cos they water it down at cinemas yeah well it ' s good no but i ' m just saying like mm i like mm pepsi max at cinemas too cos it ' s not as sweet cos they put water
1337. it down at cinemas yeah well it ' s good no but i ' m just saying like mm i like mm pepsi max at cinemas too cos it ' s not as sweet cos they put water in it mm yeah yeah mm and ice and shit i love i love iced coke i wish we had like an ice machine mm everything will be okay mm i know this sounds a very morbid thing to
1340. ##n erm and teeth really suffered because that seemed to be the thing one liked to spend one ' s pocket money on and and of course we didn ' t have any fluoride in the water or in the toothpaste or anything like that so erm our teeth didn ' t keep near as well as erm no children do children ' s teeth do today yeah yeah erm well we
1341. oh we can have egg a little bit of baguette still we never re - potted these things erm oh that came back to life a little bit mm maybe give it a bit more water hang on let me just give this a drink mm how many eggs are there? you have to give this erm lemon grass a drink everevery few er days they c people were careful making noise
1342. i ' ll try and cook it down yeah and erm once i add the eggs to it they soak up a bit of the sauce as well not a lot but a bit enough is this water fresh? is this what i poured a minute ago? oh yeah it must be are you sure? yeah i just drank some why is there always a piece of wrap missing? because i can ' t
1343. ' s their thanksgiving that ' s their bloody christmas who ' s sending their children to school then too? give them a break mm do you want another cigarette? yeah go on then have you got water? yeah i ' ve got a little bit here if you want there ' s enough for you i still have to shower and yeah i mean we ' ve gotta shower go out and shop and then we
1345. did you use last time a ladle? yeah so we will need to make more yeah maybe we ' ll double the recipe maybe we won ' t put more milk in we ' ll just put water in instead cos otherwise we ' ve got no milk oh no just mix it in there and then pour it together yeah i think it ' ll be fine with water yeah probs seems highly likely when
1346. in we ' ll just put water in instead cos otherwise we ' ve got no milk oh no just mix it in there and then pour it together yeah i think it ' ll be fine with water yeah probs seems highly likely when does the egg go in then? after the flour have you just made that up? no make a well in the flour make a well in the flour for the yo
1348. looking out and and then i heard this and then looked back and she ' s in this crumpled mess oh god was she bleeding? all her legs folded under yeah yeah yeah and i put some salt water on it thinking that would be a good idea but i ' m not too sure it was no it sort of got i think it whether it got infected anyway i don ' t know but yeah it sort
1349. ' m not too sure it was no it sort of got i think it whether it got infected anyway i don ' t know but yeah it sort of went a bit well you ' d think salt water would like i would have thought it would have been really good for it yeah it ' s so i was putting that on it but erm yeah she was in a bad a bad way i guess there
1351. much what i was thinking oh right i ' ve invested more than that in the band yeah in the last four years well it ' s much more than that much more than that mm there ' s water in the jug you ' ve got ipads and everything yeah exactly and vans and whatnot and lasers and smoke machines and bloody speakers and god knows what else so to her to come out and say well
1352. third k or that third time around i thought i was gonna die that er last time mm oh no had given up after two times she went home and i don ' t didn ' t have any water cos there was like there ' s nowhere to put it when you ' re out running around yeah so i got really really hot i was just like kind of dizzy when i finished and it ' s
1356. know hundreds of miles inland and ththousands of miles up the coast and apparently during the time of the incas it was all green they how? irrigated the whole thing they brought water down from the mountains and the channel still exists you can still where they ' ve brought the water down that ' s amazing innit but apparently they turned it all into fields the whole mm the whole the
1357. time of the incas it was all green they how? irrigated the whole thing they brought water down from the mountains and the channel still exists you can still where they ' ve brought the water down that ' s amazing innit but apparently they turned it all into fields the whole mm the whole the whole thing was green yeah it was insane amazing yeah did i tell you that ' s husband is
1367. okay you can erm speak to him speak to him in german speak to him in german we called him you know i told you about the tapas and he put his bread in the lemon and water? yeah when we were on holiday with him in majorca we went on this erm bus trip round the island and you went on the boat a train a coach and something else and you went all
1368. then all of a sudden he come running off and we called him wrong bus and so then it was wrong bus wrong bowl wrong bowl? cos he put his oh i see bread in the wrong water in the oi and not in the oil when did you go to the? when i went to see scouting for girls who did you go with? and her sister and her sister ' s friend did
1371. there to use our shower cheeky does she let her dad use her shower? i think he goes in the bath at about midnight when nobody ' s around and he only puts half an inch of water in ah he uses his bar of soap to wash his hair and everything poor old grandad eh? oh i must erm check the time of the flight because ' s gonna take us hopefully to the
1375. s okay fast asleep yeah you take a good picture don ' t you? well i think i should probably go and leave you to it really right well hang on let me get myself a glass of water i ' ll turn this off oh right we ' ve been chatting i ' d forgotten about that
1377. think so jeanne calment calment the rubbish in my head yeah do you know this thing about diuretics? apparently the diuretic effect of caffeine is offset by the amount of water in the caffeinated drink what? no erm sorry i didn ' t mean to yeah yeah it doesn ' t say in the bible that satan rules hell stunned silence well i suppose if he was
1379. wow wow see? so what have you been up to since i saw you last which was before christmas wasn ' t it? yes erm plumbing plumbing been plumbing all day we ' ve had no water have we? turned it on for five minutes before we came out so are we going to flood all the? mm probably not the best decision you made all day mm you ' ll be fine been fighting
1380. oh at we don ' t have a kitchen and i ' ve just got a classroom to work with there ' s not even a a kitchen er we haven ' t even got a sink the only water supplies were right we ' re in the pe classroom so we ' re in like the gymnasium bit so there ' s a water dispenser you know and so i don ' t know it '
1381. a a kitchen er we haven ' t even got a sink the only water supplies were right we ' re in the pe classroom so we ' re in like the gymnasium bit so there ' s a water dispenser you know and so i don ' t know it ' s my own recipe and i ' ve never made it before so it might taste like shit i kind of made it up as
1382. the the fishy pie i made oh okay mm it looks good can i serve anyone else the veg or shall i just? no just help just help yourself yeah i can yeah fill up a water jug and make them glasses of squash but there ' s nowhere to wash up there ' s some tiny little hand basins in the toilets but you wouldn ' t wanna wash up in those they no they aren
1385. ' s the s that ' s the other one from the same era oh that night that night i remember that night that says drink smoking a cigar makes you need you have to like drink whisky like water yeah basically you need this yeah cos you thirsty whisky have a pint of whisky yeah you guys should come to transylvania when are you going exactly? we ' re going to paris in march i dunn
1386. i ' m gonna dress in a burka and fucking yeah that sounds really scary what ' s berko? berko? what ' s that? oh i ' ve spilt water berko is like berserk in australian okay berko bberko is like a really funny one we we the one we we ' re talking about all day is like erm the
1387. get the tube you use that that was chockers yeah no actually i wouldn ' t say that like no it has to be like i ' m chockers can you take this glass of water away from me before i spill it? before i drink too much mm just spills just spills everywhere alright well hange is very funny chazzer? what about? oh chazzer '
1390. it ' s funny you should laugh i remember when wanted a tattoo and he wanted one of a trumpet and you was telling him to get it are you struggling? struggling what? would you like some water? no thank you what i ' d like you to do is push the table in so that when er you move anywhere it doesn ' t jog it spicy mm when i made this when i made
1394. well with the world is it? i think so well it ' s er well you know not very good com i s i had to stop at that cafe again and er i want to put some water in don ' t forget that ' s why i ' ve right that ' s why i ' ve left the bonnet windscreen wipe? the mm? the windscreen wipe yeah the windscreen wash oh
1395. thing really right i think yeah has just bought some mm new pot so i ' ll have a oh right so i pulled up that cafe as i think in the boot there ' s a bottle of water yeah and and there was so er thank you i er i stopped and i put that in yeah mm oh right but on the tracks it ' s very yeah mum said it ' s misty and that inn
1397. yeah a little a little minute or so mm before i step out mm yeah mm do you want some coffee? yes please mm well don ' t like to go to a lecture without a bottle of water no no no imagine how thirsty they yeah especially some of your mm long ones yes mm i don ' t know how you do those three - hour ones no i don ' t no i don ' t
1398. there oh no sorry it ' s you wanted some didn ' t you? yeah have you finished it all you little piggy? oh i ' ll just erm put a little bit of hot water over the did you want another one? no you sure? yeah the fact that you ' re er recording me does that make me sound different now? do i am i speaking differently? cos i
1399. or you know oxfam or mm she said is it one of those big ones? what is it? amnesty you know? what is it? mm she like oh i don ' t know water aid? you know naming as many as i could she ' s like oh i don ' t know yeah probably one of those save the children? oh i don ' t know then she said you know
1400. because but that ' s pathetic though well i agree y and i did talk her down and i said she did i did say well they probably someone you know and they give clean needles they provide clean water or you know uh mm they probably do a multitude of things um and she said no i can ' t just i just can ' t see how it ' s actually going to help people i said well
1401. and their families but they can ' t but they can ' t do that because they live in the poorest areas where you know they can ' t grow anything there ' s there ' s no water and the the land is is poor and won ' t you know they can ' t grow anything so mm if they if they had money and could live somewhere else they could do it but they don '
1403. i ' ll let you off you just lost it yeah like that shall we cross over the road? no cross the over road my friend yeah yeah it ' s like did we not bring out any water or anything? no no no oh dear me didn ' t even bring my sunglasses well we ' re only a five minute walk from home so i ' ll pop back if we need anything sure we '
1404. it ' s not far back is it? it ' s only five minutes no it ' s nice yeah we ' ll get the camera can you get my glasses? as well do you want some water? yeah bring some water i ' ll bring the bottle i ' ll bring a flask of water yeah do you want a picnic? we left too quickly i ' ll bring those scones too yeah
1405. back is it? it ' s only five minutes no it ' s nice yeah we ' ll get the camera can you get my glasses? as well do you want some water? yeah bring some water i ' ll bring the bottle i ' ll bring a flask of water yeah do you want a picnic? we left too quickly i ' ll bring those scones too yeah cos we keep nat
1406. yeah we ' ll get the camera can you get my glasses? as well do you want some water? yeah bring some water i ' ll bring the bottle i ' ll bring a flask of water yeah do you want a picnic? we left too quickly i ' ll bring those scones too yeah cos we keep nattering just no it ' s fine just you keep playing it ' s not
1410. one in like i ' m one of those people that take like ten and then one of those ten will be okay just snap lots of quick shots do you want a drink? do you want some water? gift of the gods water oh he looks serious like he ' s got a football face on yeah should of gone for a wee really i could almost go again now oh no are you gonna head back
1411. one of those people that take like ten and then one of those ten will be okay just snap lots of quick shots do you want a drink? do you want some water? gift of the gods water oh he looks serious like he ' s got a football face on yeah should of gone for a wee really i could almost go again now oh no are you gonna head back again? what are those two
1412. yeah now for a minute i thought i was in spain or france then i was just gonna say are they english? that colour hair probably somewhere northern do you want a drink? do you want some water? go and get your ball do you want some water? this is my flask do you want a bit? seagull up there do you see it? camping first this is for adults though
1413. or france then i was just gonna say are they english? that colour hair probably somewhere northern do you want a drink? do you want some water? go and get your ball do you want some water? this is my flask do you want a bit? seagull up there do you see it? camping first this is for adults though cos the mouth piece is really big good luck drinking
1414. do you see it? camping first this is for adults though cos the mouth piece is really big good luck drinking out of that do you want some darling? ah gonna play with a girl too water special water be careful though the mouthpiece is really big it ' s brighton water yeah it ' s different it ' s quite hard to drink out of every water tastes a bit different so erm was
1415. see it? camping first this is for adults though cos the mouth piece is really big good luck drinking out of that do you want some darling? ah gonna play with a girl too water special water be careful though the mouthpiece is really big it ' s brighton water yeah it ' s different it ' s quite hard to drink out of every water tastes a bit different so erm was saying how
1416. piece is really big good luck drinking out of that do you want some darling? ah gonna play with a girl too water special water be careful though the mouthpiece is really big it ' s brighton water yeah it ' s different it ' s quite hard to drink out of every water tastes a bit different so erm was saying how was it? that you ' re going to the doctor ' s tomorrow
1417. ah gonna play with a girl too water special water be careful though the mouthpiece is really big it ' s brighton water yeah it ' s different it ' s quite hard to drink out of every water tastes a bit different so erm was saying how was it? that you ' re going to the doctor ' s tomorrow for kind of like an initial just to sign up kind of signing in and all
1419. very easy to drink uhu mm right what do you want as erm what do you want as erm main drink? erm i think i might just go for a diet coke or just water i ' m gonna have water we ' ll just get a bowl we ' ll just get a yeah jug of water get a bottle or a jug of water i think last time i came i had er
1420. mm right what do you want as erm what do you want as erm main drink? erm i think i might just go for a diet coke or just water i ' m gonna have water we ' ll just get a bowl we ' ll just get a yeah jug of water get a bottle or a jug of water i think last time i came i had erm a tea oh a tea
1421. drink? erm i think i might just go for a diet coke or just water i ' m gonna have water we ' ll just get a bowl we ' ll just get a yeah jug of water get a bottle or a jug of water i think last time i came i had erm a tea oh a tea actually uhu i had the i think i had the butterfly tea and they come in
1422. just go for a diet coke or just water i ' m gonna have water we ' ll just get a bowl we ' ll just get a yeah jug of water get a bottle or a jug of water i think last time i came i had erm a tea oh a tea actually uhu i had the i think i had the butterfly tea and they come in those flowers that open up and then they
1423. have rocket at the end? and i ' ll have one of her dough balls will you now? yes i will is that everything? yeah yeah okay thank you oh could we have a jug of water as well please? yes just tap water? yeah yeah that ' s fine thank you awesome thank you thank you thanks cheers cheers mother happy mother ' s day yeah in like may it ' s your birthday
1424. ' ll have one of her dough balls will you now? yes i will is that everything? yeah yeah okay thank you oh could we have a jug of water as well please? yes just tap water? yeah yeah that ' s fine thank you awesome thank you thank you thanks cheers cheers mother happy mother ' s day yeah in like may it ' s your birthday next well this could be a mother '
1427. cook fried chicken is not would you bring me a glass please? there ' s a glass on the table is there? oh yes so there is thank you ah oh do you want a glass of water? yeah no i so how was erm have you spoken to this week no? it ' s her birthday dad have did you send her a birthday text message? no i forgot all about it happy
1428. about it all the time she ' s but this is only a forty - degree wash it wouldn ' t even kill germs so i ' ll i i need to even just throw a boiling water over it when it ' s finished but he ' ll be alright it was needed it was needed i need to erm decide what i ' m wearing today for the airport and i need to wash my
1429. both? because obviously if it was last night then people are at the or is the baftas at a different time oh i ' m all confused uh no i don ' t put a bit of water in it ' s nice that i ' ll just yeah there ' s loads ofdifferent ceremonies all all you know all over the year aren ' t there? so yeah because i think i was
1434. i like five second rule and i ' m glad it ' s not one hour rule because then it would take quite a while for some food to you know i have i ' ve got you some water it ' s right next to you oh so did anyone get confused with the clocks going forward? no because i but i only found out about it last night by accident did you? erm i only
1435. you had how many pieces did you have for lunch? one did you? yeah so there will be one left over then why? because i packed two well why did you drink give me the then water then i gave you some water did you eat one or two pieces today? so there should be one in your bag still zzz my bag? in your packed lunch if there isn ' t it means
1436. you have for lunch? one did you? yeah so there will be one left over then why? because i packed two well why did you drink give me the then water then i gave you some water did you eat one or two pieces today? so there should be one in your bag still zzz my bag? in your packed lunch if there isn ' t it means you ' ve eaten two ps
1438. mind me doing that did you? did you think no i loved it what on earth is happening? i thought when he came over i thought oh no we ' re gonna get it you took my water well it ' s not bad this little cafe is it? no no nice isn ' t it? it ' s just mind you sainsbury ' s always was quite posh wasn ' t it
1439. ? why doesn ' t he get frostbite? are you sure that ' s true? i ' m sure he can withstand like really he ran a full marathon in the desert without w any water throughout the whole thing mm extreme i don ' t know what ' s going on with his body and also there ' s a guy that he can make things stick to his body so he pretends like
1440. like something beginning with a c or i don ' t know and and there ' s also like a plant that goes around trees like a vine and it squeezes the tree and sucks out all the water and stuff and then until the tree dies which is very very long very very long time erm and venus flytraps where the fly just fly into the trap and then it won ' t be able
1441. actually telling you about the you know the how the plant ' s made or anything like that? or? no not how the plant ' s made i ' m assuming that ' s soil sun and water no but like what ' s in there you know what makes the plant green and that kind of thing it ' s just kind of
1444. met up with er someone in and then had a driving lesson and then went to sainsbury ' s and er er a um what was it called? the co - op to to get organic water to get organic water which doesn ' t exist i know when she said it i was like are you su organic water? does it have to be organic though that you the ones that you no use?
1445. someone in and then had a driving lesson and then went to sainsbury ' s and er er a um what was it called? the co - op to to get organic water to get organic water which doesn ' t exist i know when she said it i was like are you su organic water? does it have to be organic though that you the ones that you no use? but she said it
1446. er a um what was it called? the co - op to to get organic water to get organic water which doesn ' t exist i know when she said it i was like are you su organic water? does it have to be organic though that you the ones that you no use? but she said it ' s best to get organic but i don ' t know where what she was thinking though i
1447. ##s these are like m um moisturizers essential oils organic and non - organic emulsifiers and clays floral waters and for instance i haven ' t really i should put on the w on water as well from h like how much was that water that just cost you? sixty - eight p for wat for one litre of water so i need to put that on as well but obviously this doesn '
1448. oils organic and non - organic emulsifiers and clays floral waters and for instance i haven ' t really i should put on the w on water as well from h like how much was that water that just cost you? sixty - eight p for wat for one litre of water so i need to put that on as well but obviously this doesn ' t include when lara did m some costings for
1449. instance i haven ' t really i should put on the w on water as well from h like how much was that water that just cost you? sixty - eight p for wat for one litre of water so i need to put that on as well but obviously this doesn ' t include when lara did m some costings for me this doesn ' t include anything electrical mm anything you know heating my time or
1450. what ' s? so these are the ingredients mhm okay so you hold the ingredients right so f say we start on um calming face mask okay so you ' ve got is that camomile water? yeah so camomile water floral waters oh i haven ' t got the price for that one it ' s not on here? no because that ' s a new let ' s see how much
1451. the ingredients mhm okay so you hold the ingredients right so f say we start on um calming face mask okay so you ' ve got is that camomile water? yeah so camomile water floral waters oh i haven ' t got the price for that one it ' s not on here? no because that ' s a new let ' s see how much that is do you get all your
1452. up in fact we ' re lower than five oh right yeah you ' d just keep it to okay nought point nought four so nought point nought five okay okay the next one is water okay so um s you just bought that water er you can get it cheaper though if you buy it in bulk i reckon okay if you got like er a pack of six you could probably even get organic
1453. oh right yeah you ' d just keep it to okay nought point nought four so nought point nought five okay okay the next one is water okay so um s you just bought that water er you can get it cheaper though if you buy it in bulk i reckon okay if you got like er a pack of six you could probably even get organic water from somewhere if they do let ' s
1454. so um s you just bought that water er you can get it cheaper though if you buy it in bulk i reckon okay if you got like er a pack of six you could probably even get organic water from somewhere if they do let ' s just see on here if they do organic sparkling water i ' m sure they must do organic spring water check out on asda oh let ' s just maybe they
1455. it in bulk i reckon okay if you got like er a pack of six you could probably even get organic water from somewhere if they do let ' s just see on here if they do organic sparkling water i ' m sure they must do organic spring water check out on asda oh let ' s just maybe they were just um out of i just i ' ve never really er out of stock oh highland
1456. er a pack of six you could probably even get organic water from somewhere if they do let ' s just see on here if they do organic sparkling water i ' m sure they must do organic spring water check out on asda oh let ' s just maybe they were just um out of i just i ' ve never really er out of stock oh highland spring if you buy organic water you ' re a
1457. do organic spring water check out on asda oh let ' s just maybe they were just um out of i just i ' ve never really er out of stock oh highland spring if you buy organic water you ' re a fucking idiot excuse your french look on highland spring cos they ' re they were the ones that did the organic sparkling water so maybe they they do s still as well have they got
1458. er out of stock oh highland spring if you buy organic water you ' re a fucking idiot excuse your french look on highland spring cos they ' re they were the ones that did the organic sparkling water so maybe they they do s still as well have they got a page for the organic range? what was that there? mm s highland spring still yeah it doesn ' t say if it ' s organic
1459. s gonna be one pound twenty and i reckon we ' ll get it cheaper than that litre one pound one pound twenty twenty just to be safe okay so here you ' ve got forty mils of water so if one litre is one pound twenty so divide one twe one pound twenty by a thousand and then times it by forty so that ' s gonna cost you four point eight p for the water then
1460. water so if one litre is one pound twenty so divide one twe one pound twenty by a thousand and then times it by forty so that ' s gonna cost you four point eight p for the water then the preservative um nought point six mils see what i should be doing now because preservative is used in all products instead of keep on doing this yeah i ' ve
1462. are the prices of the what ' s that one then? ingredients and that ' s that ' s um so preservative twelve oh well let ' s just write that still still um organic water okay so for for um a hundred mil it ' s seven pounds ninety a hundred mil so what do i do? i go seven pounds ninety yeah cos if you divided by a hundred if a hundred
1465. d four four point eight yeah yeah so i ' ve got nought point nought five nought five plus plus four point eight that seems a lot four point eight doesn ' t it? for water but you needed wait there no it can ' t be right you needed forty millilitres and one litre one litre was one pound twenty was it? no one litre was wait there i wrote it down
1466. is a bottle like this yeah no that would make sense cos it ' s millilitre isn ' t it mil means thousand yeah so what ' s? so um so so if um the water let ' s just tut the water was one pound twenty for a litre so one twenty times by one pound twenty er divided by a thousand timesed by forty yep forty equals nought point nought
1468. it ' s the worst thing you know now her hands you know are it ' s the worst thing to have after you ' ve had like swollen tut infections are they weeping as well? with water? not anymore i think they were but oh god i feel so sorry for her er there ' s nothing she can do either mm but she definitely shouldn ' t you should tell her not to wear a
1471. you ' ve been catching up on your milk little man haven ' t you? he had anoth another five i think then he didn ' t have any milk at lunch but i gave him some water on the spoon after he ' d had his water on the s mm you can ' t have water off a spoon can you? get the hang of this cup you will yep need some practice with the
1472. man haven ' t you? he had anoth another five i think then he didn ' t have any milk at lunch but i gave him some water on the spoon after he ' d had his water on the s mm you can ' t have water off a spoon can you? get the hang of this cup you will yep need some practice with the cup do we? i bought the cup oh good
1473. another five i think then he didn ' t have any milk at lunch but i gave him some water on the spoon after he ' d had his water on the s mm you can ' t have water off a spoon can you? get the hang of this cup you will yep need some practice with the cup do we? i bought the cup oh good mind you i put the spout down and it
1476. well thank you it looks lovely so where would? where would you like to go on holiday? have you finished with the taramasalata? yes yes thank you it was lovely is this my water here? thank you i don ' t know whose is what i don ' t know who decided we work five days on two days off? they were just can live off two days a week if she
1477. stuff which i like yeah yeah but i also like winter because yeah i like the fires yeah in the winter and sitting next to the radiator yeah when i was at my nan ' s hot water bottles i always used to just sit under the radiator with my back on it the radiator was the best thing in the whole world hot water bottles are amazing yeah i love hot water bottles
1478. i was at my nan ' s hot water bottles i always used to just sit under the radiator with my back on it the radiator was the best thing in the whole world hot water bottles are amazing yeah i love hot water bottles and you can go to bed and your hot water bottle yeah when do you have art next tomorrow do you have product design tomorrow yeah think so i have art
1479. water bottles i always used to just sit under the radiator with my back on it the radiator was the best thing in the whole world hot water bottles are amazing yeah i love hot water bottles and you can go to bed and your hot water bottle yeah when do you have art next tomorrow do you have product design tomorrow yeah think so i have art tomorrow then i ' ve finished my product
1480. ##diator with my back on it the radiator was the best thing in the whole world hot water bottles are amazing yeah i love hot water bottles and you can go to bed and your hot water bottle yeah when do you have art next tomorrow do you have product design tomorrow yeah think so i have art tomorrow then i ' ve finished my product design clock and so is that miss i glued it back
1485. dessert okay er the texture is pretty similar to um creme brlee okay um and it ' s er and it ' s made with um basically it ' s made with er you you know rose water saffron er pistachios and almonds wow um and it ' s served warm um okay so that ' s it ' s a very very authentic one um i ' ve never seen anything
1486. ' s um? oh yeah i forgot to tell you about the ice cream er yeah sorry yeah er d er we have two different flavours and it ' s er one of them is er rose water mm and the other one is saffron huh wow um so i might have to go for some saffron ice cream yeah yeah sure sure so er saffron ice cream and er persian tea
1487. ? no none of that you could ' ve lied i could ' ve lied i ' m sorry lots of that i had a kopparberg and a few crisps and then a glass of water it wasn ' t massively raucous a glass of water? i knew i wanted something to you know water down the crisps but i didn ' t really wanna get anything in particular i was
1488. ve lied i ' m sorry lots of that i had a kopparberg and a few crisps and then a glass of water it wasn ' t massively raucous a glass of water? i knew i wanted something to you know water down the crisps but i didn ' t really wanna get anything in particular i was just thirsty uh but um my legs huh it ' s was the
1489. had a kopparberg and a few crisps and then a glass of water it wasn ' t massively raucous a glass of water? i knew i wanted something to you know water down the crisps but i didn ' t really wanna get anything in particular i was just thirsty uh but um my legs huh it ' s was the earl of derby you know the one right at the
1490. have a nice time at ' s she ' s like oh i didn ' t go and i was like oh right what did you do? obviously i knew i was like looking at my glass of water what did you do? no i went to a murder mystery night basically like we all get into groups and i was like i ' m sitting there thinking you should have fucking gone yeah you know what i
1491. difficult what does that girl bring to the table? fuck all ' s paying for the whole rent of that flat i hope that it ' s not actually and he she ' s gonna pay for the water the gas and electric will you keep us updated on the situation? yeah can you keep us updated when you find out? yeah and to be honest with you i hope i hope she turns out that she
1493. w mm and we were walking that was ages ago we were walking down past um the guildhall yeah walking down the hill past the guildhall mm and just behind the guildhall there ' s a water trough ain ' t there there ' s an old yeah the old where the taxi rank is yeah and there was all these people they just shouted at us didn ' t they what they you looking at?
1494. t it well only a lawn what with grass? yeah you g you gotta get the mower in there you ' ve gotta get no think of the think of the maintenance that it took with this water fountain well that ' s why they shut down well you think of how how many times they ' ve changed the footpaths around yeah mm yeah that ' s true right yeah so years ago it was
1495. the wardrobe up and the wardrobe i need to i need er i ' m going home to do s to change some plugs i need to do some electrics because my central heating stopped the hot water on my central heating stopped again mm um but i could have heating mm so my radiators will get hot but i ' m not getting any hot water yeah and yesterday came back from riding and i
1496. ##s because my central heating stopped the hot water on my central heating stopped again mm um but i could have heating mm so my radiators will get hot but i ' m not getting any hot water yeah and yesterday came back from riding and i hadn ' t checked jess had had her shower and whatever mm which was fine came back and i checked and it was cold so i had to put the immersion
1499. mm aren ' t they? and you don ' t wanna put them off do you? no yeah er really in kind of a cafe what the difference do they make? chuck down a bowl of water mm yeah mm i kind of get er er i c i can see it ' s how they control yeah because there ' s a place that we go when we ' re on holiday and we ' ve
1500. yeah can you switch it off? no you can ' t switch it off? no but she couldn ' t even switch it off? no it ' s just it ' s on constant constant hot water constant heat but like a must cost loads though a regulated thing and though kind of like it must cost loads does it is it going off in the night? and it makes it too hot as well doesn
1501. myself a knife and fork er that wasn ' t very kind cos you didn ' t get a knife and fork oh sorry i i thought you just meant me never mind no can i have some water in my cup? you can have some water thank you no let ' s not have some singing right thank you right now to chopsticks for you i did the chopstick challenge mum so i get
1502. t very kind cos you didn ' t get a knife and fork oh sorry i i thought you just meant me never mind no can i have some water in my cup? you can have some water thank you no let ' s not have some singing right thank you right now to chopsticks for you i did the chopstick challenge mum so i get it what ' s the chop? it '
1503. house noodles yes and then the yeah that ' s all yeah the stir chicken with the rice yeah please yes and can i have a diet coke please? diet coke yes yeah and can i get some water please? small water? erm s yeah small wa yeah normal water erm yeah some water and a? diet coke? yeah thank you thank you thank you thank you pretty embarrassing there we we '
1504. then the yeah that ' s all yeah the stir chicken with the rice yeah please yes and can i have a diet coke please? diet coke yes yeah and can i get some water please? small water? erm s yeah small wa yeah normal water erm yeah some water and a? diet coke? yeah thank you thank you thank you thank you pretty embarrassing there we we ' ll see how it
1505. chicken with the rice yeah please yes and can i have a diet coke please? diet coke yes yeah and can i get some water please? small water? erm s yeah small wa yeah normal water erm yeah some water and a? diet coke? yeah thank you thank you thank you thank you pretty embarrassing there we we ' ll see how it goes from work yeah as i say at the moment
1506. please yes and can i have a diet coke please? diet coke yes yeah and can i get some water please? small water? erm s yeah small wa yeah normal water erm yeah some water and a? diet coke? yeah thank you thank you thank you thank you pretty embarrassing there we we ' ll see how it goes from work yeah as i say at the moment we ' re going through
1507. have it you ' d no yeah you ' d just live you ' d spend but you obviously save a hell of a lot more than most people because you can live at home mm yes yeah your water thank you thank you and a diet coke? really kinda jug for you thank you but it ' s just yeah that ' s what i think i would make if i had to go back to london or
1514. first lessons i was like please eat i ' d rather you eat and you have a bit more yeah energy to concentrate exactly than you ' re like dozing off at the back and drink lots of water yeah i think they ' re all camels i think everybody in poland is bred to be a camel yep don ' t drink enough i was doing health and fitness yesterday and discussion club and one of the
1515. think everybody in poland is bred to be a camel yep don ' t drink enough i was doing health and fitness yesterday and discussion club and one of the questions was i drink several mm er glasses of water a day mm they were like oh no i drink tea it ' s like what? yeah they were like how much water do you drink? i was like three litres four litres yeah yeah two two big
1516. discussion club and one of the questions was i drink several mm er glasses of water a day mm they were like oh no i drink tea it ' s like what? yeah they were like how much water do you drink? i was like three litres four litres yeah yeah two two big bottles yeah i reckon erm plus tea plus coffee plus a minimum of five pints of water a day mm cos
1517. were like how much water do you drink? i was like three litres four litres yeah yeah two two big bottles yeah i reckon erm plus tea plus coffee plus a minimum of five pints of water a day mm cos i just keep filling up my pint glass and i was talking to about this and cos i i said you know i like that you drink water he drinks a pint
1518. five pints of water a day mm cos i just keep filling up my pint glass and i was talking to about this and cos i i said you know i like that you drink water he drinks a pint of water during a one hour lesson and i do as well and i was saying you know i like that you do that i said today i probably had or will have about eight
1519. mm cos i just keep filling up my pint glass and i was talking to about this and cos i i said you know i like that you drink water he drinks a pint of water during a one hour lesson and i do as well and i was saying you know i like that you do that i said today i probably had or will have about eight of these and he nearly fell off
1520. of these and he nearly fell off the sofa you know he said eight? you know couldn ' t quite they think it ' s crazy i think it ' s because they don ' t drink tap water yeah so if you ' re drinking so much water and you ' re buying bottles or ah these big gallony things yeah then it ' s like but you ' re wasting money when you could have tea
1521. know he said eight? you know couldn ' t quite they think it ' s crazy i think it ' s because they don ' t drink tap water yeah so if you ' re drinking so much water and you ' re buying bottles or ah these big gallony things yeah then it ' s like but you ' re wasting money when you could have tea which is from the tap boiled yeah and is okay
1522. gallony things yeah then it ' s like but you ' re wasting money when you could have tea which is from the tap boiled yeah and is okay to drink weird i ' ve been drinking tap water here and i ' ve not died yet so i really yeah yeah think that it ' s safe to drink yeah i was drinking tap water in krakow which is probably a lot worse with all the industrial stuff
1523. and is okay to drink weird i ' ve been drinking tap water here and i ' ve not died yet so i really yeah yeah think that it ' s safe to drink yeah i was drinking tap water in krakow which is probably a lot worse with all the industrial stuff mm mm and it was fine that was for five weeks yeah and then here i ' ve there was a little brita filter still in
1526. lasts on average eleven years before it needs to be replaced that ' s incredible now it ' s a hundred and fifty quid uhu okay but i figure eleven years worth of not buying plastic bottled water while travelling uhu out and about and don ' t know what water quality ' s like yeah happy days yeah good for you so yeah and erm as part of the promotion you get a free in
1527. incredible now it ' s a hundred and fifty quid uhu okay but i figure eleven years worth of not buying plastic bottled water while travelling uhu out and about and don ' t know what water quality ' s like yeah happy days yeah good for you so yeah and erm as part of the promotion you get a free in inverted commas er plastic gym bottle now i don ' t like plastic
1528. that could ' ve been part of it so mm wherever your bottle was even in the shade it was just yeah yeah yeah warm and plasticky and not good uhu so yeah yeah i think warm water in a metal bottle still tastes not as bad as warm water uhu in a plastic bottle but anyway we ' ll see so i ' m excited by that because when i ' ve been sort of er
1529. bottle was even in the shade it was just yeah yeah yeah warm and plasticky and not good uhu so yeah yeah i think warm water in a metal bottle still tastes not as bad as warm water uhu in a plastic bottle but anyway we ' ll see so i ' m excited by that because when i ' ve been sort of er you know i don ' t know if necessarily i ' ll
1530. even ' ve been a couple of years i suppose and the biggest problem i had was well one showering so needing to find somewhere to shower every fourth day usually mm erm and getting clean drinking water mm and quite often like if you had a meal somewhere they didn ' t mind filling up a big yeah thing for you but my van holds i think it ' s about twenty litres mm which is fantastic
1531. i think it ' s about twenty litres mm which is fantastic mm erm so now i can fill that up and just filter off from that what i need what you need in the van so mm water is not a problem and theoretically i ' m gonna be somewhere warm enough i ' ve got a little erm plastic bag with a small solar panel on it mm so it heats the water so you fill
1533. and theoretically i ' m gonna be somewhere warm enough i ' ve got a little erm plastic bag with a small solar panel on it mm so it heats the water so you fill the bag with water leave it outside the van in the sun and you can shower off of that oh that ' s good uhu so theoretically both issues solved yeah solved yeah and i ' ve invested in a actually my brother
1534. or gave me money for it erm a little solar panel that erm then charges a little power bank mm and then i can plug usb devices nice into that so so i should have shower clean water and solar power for charging the phone erm on the road which i ' m really pleased about charges mm easy happy days yeah it ' s cool happy days this mother over here it ' s her daughter
1535. like uh hm oh yeah like a l like a sort of just a green one with like leafy things it ' s quite nice doesn ' t have flowers although i i kind of didn ' t water it it ' s bad cos sarah kept really good care of it while i was away over christmas you know before your birthday and that and it was lovely and then i i dunno where it what
1538. went to this cafe i know near the palace and had like a apparently it was in the guidebook being really good for coffee and cake she opened the menu saw that coffee was five euros and had water she ' s she ' s one of those oh good thank god i didn ' t go exactly erm mind you i ' m gonna have to do that now it ' ll be one coffee and one
1540. you but it ' s nice the italian the italian chocolate ' s nice oh is it? erm what was in here? what was in where? do you know? hold your back dad er water oh i see erm i ' m tired mm did you? yeah okay so yeah well cool cool cool i ' ve got a doss week this week on thursday we ' ve got our christmas dinner
1541. so we went hurtling down there with his his erm pass and he went in and got the machine and put it on and sorted it out for me and do you want to put some more water in that? no i ' m alright are you sure? yeah sure a bit short yeah so i i got that going he got it going for me and erm i you know drove around a bit
1547. if you want could we? could do and then oh i ' ve got two full glasses of champagne but i wouldn ' t i don ' t drink champagne but i can swap two for tomorrow sparkling water so we could go and do that if you want to do that yeah we could go and have like a couple of hours in the thing i want to look oh yes i and then i l you know
1548. then they have this bar which is quite nice oh my god so i have a couple of these and i oh my god i took my friend and he had the champagne and i just had some tonic water did you? yeah erm it ' s not that exciting but it ' s quite a nice bar to be on before the first the end of this month yeah not the end of this month yye
1549. what were you thinking of having for dinner then? well i ' ve got lots of bits and pieces oh yum this is rather full now i ' m going to have to empty some of the water ah i just thought i ' d get two bunches cos you never get that many in one bunch no that ' s true they ' re and they ' re lovely they ' ll be lovely when
1553. it ' s it ' s because national carrier and then cost - cutting so yeah you used to get food now you y if you ' re lucky on the short - haul flight you might even get water oh you might not and erm yeah it ' s all sourced out to flybe yeah anyway and how far is it the prices haven ' t gone down and now you pay extra for luggage oh oh
1554. actually i think that cake just filled me up maybe that ' s why oh it was i didn ' t care such a good cake it was really good and lemony mm mm i wanna drink my water but i ' m afraid the things will fly away mm mm i love cake i don ' t know why we don ' t have cake more often at there ' s always room for more cake mm for
1555. this little shrine why? er well er it sometimes it ' s on that side of the road and i just wonder what happened to might ' ve died in prison or something i also bought some lavender water eau de cologne from that be a proper old man i mean he ' s gonna be sixty - two no he ' s gonna be sixty - one younger than dad though and suits short sleeved ss
1557. must be the vapours yeah and cos er it it er that that ' s been wonderful mm this is why when we were kids mm mum used to put vick yeah in the hot water in the pot of hot water and you used to sit over the top and w damp towel over your head yeah and breathe didn ' t you? yeah yeah yeah mm i reckon that worked just as well
1558. yeah and cos er it it er that that ' s been wonderful mm this is why when we were kids mm mum used to put vick yeah in the hot water in the pot of hot water and you used to sit over the top and w damp towel over your head yeah and breathe didn ' t you? yeah yeah yeah mm i reckon that worked just as well as anything else it wasn '
1559. yeah yeah mm i reckon that worked just as well as anything else it wasn ' t it wasn ' t unpleasant really was it? but it and it and it ' d j it made your eyes water though used to do it with er leaves as well didn ' t we? wi er with what? erm yeah with er eucalyptus leaves mm you wouldn ' t have had them eucalyptus or no we didn
1567. you know it er it ' s difficult to describe yeah mm there ' s nothing heavy about it i know it ' s diff but it was a very very light you ' re making my mouth water it was delicious i ' m getting hungry now mm it was delicious erm mm but far too much yeah and breakfast breakfast the morning then when so so then then they had to load up all their bikes
1568. yeah i mean he was like he seems like a sort of sadist you know oh really? okay well you ' ll always get those you know wherever you are i ' m just gonna get some water would you like some? er no help yourself there ' s a glass a glass there but whilst their their project er ' s a bit more it ' s not not so coherent anymore because er because the
1569. go round to the open the car to open up and he fell over somehow oh bless him so anyway i stuck him in the car with a packet of minstrels for his sugar levels and some water put on the radio left him there left him there went back got your mother and said don ' t don ' t fanny around ccome back so we came back was he alright though after his fall?
1570. alright it was really hot er really hot running this morning they had special sho not showers but like erm well yeah showers that you could run through so you ' d could oh right be drenched in water obviously that ' s what a shower does but yeah and they had lots of erm drink and water stations and everything oh i the clubs they would yeah but the guy on this people did collapse yeah they
1571. ##m well yeah showers that you could run through so you ' d could oh right be drenched in water obviously that ' s what a shower does but yeah and they had lots of erm drink and water stations and everything oh i the clubs they would yeah but the guy on this people did collapse yeah they people have died on you know this erm this erm stupid london hundred mile cycle they do?
1575. ' t allowed that that was for namby - pambies we had that big old needle that did you? that that cast iron needle that stuck into your gum and made your m mm mm eyes water i had gas quite a lot god i had gas too till i found out i was allergic to gas anyway so that didn ' t help it ' s amazing how it ' s come on though dentistry i
1576. from from russia and america built a shelter didn ' t he? yeah mm he literally built a shelter yeah in the garden took all the stuff down there all provisions and stuff tins of provisions and water and mm well apparently there ' s plenty of people like that in america at the moment ain ' t there? yeah these these people who have sort of got their survival shelters yeah er massive great loaded guns
1580. where you get the shakes with the caffeine and i keep getting headaches i had to take painkillers the other night for headaches yeah? from having too much coffee and not enough water i think mm not like you i know never mind anyway yeah mm so yeah so erm from tomorrow i ' ve done all the other ones by the way erm flight tomorrow and thank you uhu
1581. any good at making you ' re kidding you are you can make gravy we ' re useless at gravy in this house cos all i do is put bisto and some hot water so i ' ve i ' ll make gravy yeah? oh so you can do it? i ' ll do it yeah yeah oh that ' s so i can ' t bear the thought of
1583. s simmer is another person ' s boil if you see what i mean yeah for for when it ' s as long as two hours that could make quite a bit of difference yeah to how much water has actually evaporated and therefore to the whole consistency so i would have thought it would vary enormously from year to year but actually doesn ' t that much it doesn ' t right there we go
1584. cos i ' ve done it at the right strength for me they are nice mugs aren ' t they? and yeah and if it isn ' t i ' ll put a little bit more water in mm that ' s fine that ' s fine? good you ' re about the only person i know who doesn ' t go yar when they drink my coffee it ' s a good solid brew
1585. not dry only one leggy thing erm yes i ' m not sure i ' m going get all of these pots in the dishwasher no don ' t worry just er just put hot water and soap in them and leave them in the sink heating these up so er marriage of figaro dad sing me a key theme right you ' ve got all your dark wash is washed and dried thank you
1586. oh no i haven ' t written to this guy oh no there ' s a student doing a tra translating the ' s stuff into spanish mm and er do you think we might have some hot water we do yeah he translated like this whole bit this this whole series of articles and er but we didn ' t know whether he had any understanding of what he was actually translating or whether he was you know
1587. er where else is good? the is er just er like it cos it ' s weird the? yeah i go in there quite often it ' s just disgusting wine yeah there ' s no water in here no that ' s why i said we ' ve got to stop for water but there isn ' t anywhere to stop er honestly it ' s the mthe most salty thing i ' ve ever
1588. s weird the? yeah i go in there quite often it ' s just disgusting wine yeah there ' s no water in here no that ' s why i said we ' ve got to stop for water but there isn ' t anywhere to stop er honestly it ' s the mthe most salty thing i ' ve ever had maybe i can learn to drive by watching you? no you ' re not gonna
1591. you do it with? did you do erm where he got you get like a big well it ' s like having a big meeting and you get some sort of tray and it ' s got water in it and they couldn ' t have been ordinary inks they must have been sort of like an oil on water yes yes ink and the pap the paper goes on mm put it sort of swirl
1598. kidney stones that ' s the truth after the christmas party yeah a private shindig yeah that ' s why i ' ve been having hot water and lemon every morning before work cos it ' s supposed to flush out your kidneys so i have it an hour before eating i think that ' s why i take cereal to work so i have
1599. it ' s everything it ' s africa eh is it everything or is it africa? it ' s it ' s w what ' s that really big charity? oxfam? cafod? water aid? eh eh save the children nspcc it ' s it ' s something like that it ' s one of those but it ' s not those cancer research? no rspca? rn
1600. people are dying every day and yet there ' s absolutely no need for it every day like what is it every three seconds somebody dies in africa beca yeah you know needlessly through lack of water through drinking dirty water through lack of immunization you know it ' s it ' s happening all the time at at a time when we ' ve cured all of these diseases yeah but we let it
1601. day and yet there ' s absolutely no need for it every day like what is it every three seconds somebody dies in africa beca yeah you know needlessly through lack of water through drinking dirty water through lack of immunization you know it ' s it ' s happening all the time at at a time when we ' ve cured all of these diseases yeah but we let it run wild out there
1602. so mm could be that he ' s not stupid it ' s just it ' s just writing quickly could be could be that he ' s stupid the coughing has started right let ' s get some water could be a bit stupid though could be a bit stupid i mean it could be quite good crack if in doubt just go and see for the fun for the laugh go for the shits and giggles mm
1605. work with is polish and she ' s going home next weekend and she ' s really worried because yeah i know it ' s so cold yeah i saw a video of someone pouring a cup of boiling water out of a window and it immediately freezes really? yeah it was on youtube it was on well on the bbc website em wow that would be kind of fun just throw water out not to be underneath
1606. a cup of boiling water out of a window and it immediately freezes really? yeah it was on youtube it was on well on the bbc website em wow that would be kind of fun just throw water out not to be underneath it it wouldn ' t no but it it just it just dissolved into this really light shower but just to see of of like dust like snow dust oh so it ' s not
1611. you spell though? mm maybe it ' s quite a hard one for spelling today in french was trying to make us all cos basically because we ' ve got speaking controlled do you want some more water? erm yes please cos we ' ve got speaking controlled assessment in like a month she was like so guys we need to we need to practise you need to practise your pronunciation
1614. day? was that joshua tree? that was joshua tree yeah so it was really insane for me to drink like half a bottle of champagne yeah that morning but did take a huge uhu bottle of water with us yeah and it was a few hour drive to joshua tree and i ' ve had a big breakfast so by the time we got there i ' d probably sobered up and yeah rehydra
1615. whatever yeah people free crimeing free crimeing? free climbing free climbing the burrito rock yeah we saw and iguana and we sort of drank a lot and sprang between rocks drank a little water yeah enjoyed the landscape and yeah the pinion trees kind of reminded cos we were not long wha buffy and it reminded me the oh yeah the the like erm the first slayer scenes primals
1620. are you not? well can you do us a favour? can you take the chicken out of the freezer and defrost it? just put it in bags and put it in some warm water so it ' s defrosted by the time i get back yeah splendid o okay okay i ' ll be back very soon okay okay bye bye see you later bye bye a weird thing about being on
1623. ##s innit? they should be fairer yeah i know i always check though mm i mean i ' ve been there and they ' ve charged me too much but once i got two bottles of water and they ' d only charged me for one but i went back and told them mm yeah honesty is the best policy i always think oh yeah no it is it is the thing is if they ' ve
1624. ' ll borrow it well yes that ' s good cos it isn ' t being used well not now but when i come back yeah something we might actually try well we did that we tried the water mint yes that ' s good i had some for oh did you? oh that ' s nice yes and did it yeah and as i say i don ' t know if there ' s a connection or
1625. water? oh no you ' re fine um i ' ll have a glass of water you alright? no thank you thank you thank you ah oh i ' ve got yep thanks i do like artichoke
1626. water? oh no you ' re fine um i ' ll have a glass of water you alright? no thank you thank you thank you ah oh i ' ve got yep thanks i do like artichoke mm indeed okay so two salmons mm mm i think it ' s a good
1627. those or shall i have the other one? you don ' t want tea? er i don ' t but erm i ' m alright for the minute i ' ll i ' ll stick with water for the minute you ' d like tea? um i i ' m alright for the minute thanks i ' ll i ' ll just have water maybe i ' m slightly counter - intuitive what are you gonna
1628. for the minute i ' ll i ' ll stick with water for the minute you ' d like tea? um i i ' m alright for the minute thanks i ' ll i ' ll just have water maybe i ' m slightly counter - intuitive what are you gonna start with? um salmon maybe okay did you? or did you want? i don ' t mind trying one of those okay cool i '
1629. and it ' s this really swish erm two person cottage and it ' s got its own private hot tub at the back um so you can sort of sit outside in a a warm bubbling water mm we ' re looking forward to that yeah so we need to need to book that if it ' s not raining which it probably will be it probably will be raining but so you ' re essentially sitting
1631. sticky it might be a bit of an effort no these look good can we have some can we have some bowls just for the fruit oh yes indeed er tell you what i ' ll refill the water if you get the bowls er where? erm grandpa bowls? pardon? bowls for fruit? mm mm yes i ' ll go see oh deary me ah goodness gracious deary me practicing your
1632. find some bowls for fruit? erm well do you want to find those and i ' ll find coniston ha ha ha team effort okay i ' ve got coniston mm wast water? possibly is that quite big? sort of mm cos coniston is quite small yeah that isn ' t much room is it there? yeah d that ' s also not much good that '
1635. i remember he was very absent - minded i can still remember that i can for pudding you know in italy they always give you fruit and he took some grapes mm and instead of washing them in the water he washed them in his wine erm well what a oh by accident? just so er being absent - minded oh who wants more cake? i ' m sorry i ate all the good bits off it
1637. difficult isn ' t it? no but i really like those good so erm but er tea? or well you do that i can just pour what do you want me to do with the the water? do you want me to make another pot or just pour it on top? okay i could i could i i made oh that brewed for a long time didn ' t it? it ' s
1638. see that i ' m continuing to to work let ' s see let ' s see sorry i took your place mm i mean it may just make a no no that ' s you need something like water? milk? water yeah or milk yeah yeah mm interesting yeah i thought and then i ' ve got that as well and so i ' ll put it all in would you like to put that in for
1639. m continuing to to work let ' s see let ' s see sorry i took your place mm i mean it may just make a no no that ' s you need something like water? milk? water yeah or milk yeah yeah mm interesting yeah i thought and then i ' ve got that as well and so i ' ll put it all in would you like to put that in for me as well?
1640. ##ress the yeah sometimes you have to make sure it ' s like yeah locked in that ' s better probably need something like fruit juice or something cos it ' s gonna be really we should put water in yeah it ' s gonna be really thick well you yeah it might be too watery if you put more water in but i wanted it more let ' s see i ' ll tell you what i think
1641. something like fruit juice or something cos it ' s gonna be really we should put water in yeah it ' s gonna be really thick well you yeah it might be too watery if you put more water in but i wanted it more let ' s see i ' ll tell you what i think this is going to need some sugar probably it won ' t need sugar okay i don ' t think try it
1642. i don ' t think that would be good i do get birds mm now i ' ve got a a nice little bird trough there mm but it looks empty no it ' s it ' s got water in oh and they do come i saw it was rather interesting when when we had like those really hot days and i had a blackbird and it came and sat on the bench and first of all it
1643. the way in? erm yeah and then you went down to the company shed yeah actually first we went back to the pub to have another drink mm can you get me a bottle of my vichy water please no out not a cold one darling will you open it for me? not got a lighter in colchester colchester ' s well funny essex is funny man i ca yeah essex is funny everyone ' s everyone
1644. smart looking thing next to the? yes i have seen it yeah why don ' t we use your rational skills to for somewhere to put this? why don ' t you just fill it up with water and chuck it all over the floor is there enough water in that kettle? i don ' t know i ' m using it to soak that thing
1645. it yeah why don ' t we use your rational skills to for somewhere to put this? why don ' t you just fill it up with water and chuck it all over the floor is there enough water in that kettle? i don ' t know i ' m using it to soak that thing
1646. know i earn an okay amount but it ' s still like i ' ve got to pay for my car i ' ve got pay for rent i ' ve got this month we had like a massive water bill which i had to pay for like er just little things add up and forty quid here or there really makes a difference like mm and i don ' t go out and drink all the time like
1647. just throw them in blend it all up it it more just tastes of banana to be honest really oh okay yeah no i have like every morning it ' s disgusting but like a jar of mix of water apple cider vinegar er spirulina and matcha tea er it ' s disgusting why do you do it? why the apple cider vinegar? oh it ' s really good for you but
1648. like? no so i like fill up a jar full oh good god when like apple cider vinegar like that much oh i see yeah spoonful of spirulina spoonful of matcha water and i did i did put aloe vera in water as well but i ' ve run out erm i i used to drink aloe vera erm mm it ' s it ' s okay actually
1649. oh good god when like apple cider vinegar like that much oh i see yeah spoonful of spirulina spoonful of matcha water and i did i did put aloe vera in water as well but i ' ve run out erm i i used to drink aloe vera erm mm it ' s it ' s okay actually i ' m not sure yeah i ' m not that
1650. a little bit of like robinson ' s like orange juice yeah i ' m not sure if it actually if it ' s that healthy if it ' s like a phase or not same as like coconut water everybody raves about coconut water i ' m like it ' s got loads it ' s got loads of sugar in it as well i was like yeah do you actually know it ' s probably just a
1651. ' s like orange juice yeah i ' m not sure if it actually if it ' s that healthy if it ' s like a phase or not same as like coconut water everybody raves about coconut water i ' m like it ' s got loads it ' s got loads of sugar in it as well i was like yeah do you actually know it ' s probably just a complete con job and they charge
1653. my godparents are german so i ' ve been going to germany every year for my entire life and all i can say is can i get down from the table? and can i have some water? that ' s pretty much the extent of my german that ' s good that ' s useful so yeah you can tell that i learnt it from a child so yeah that ' s not it yeah well
1654. machine wasn ' t working it ' s not a twin tub is it? i couldn ' t believe that so anyway i figured out the washing machine wasn ' t working cos there ' s no water coming into it and erm so i went baba anyway i went into the kitchen to see if there was water going there mm so i i i played around with the water in the kitchen for a while
1655. anyway i figured out the washing machine wasn ' t working cos there ' s no water coming into it and erm so i went baba anyway i went into the kitchen to see if there was water going there mm so i i i played around with the water in the kitchen for a while and then i looked up and i thought oh my god up at the top on one of these shelves was one
1656. ##s there ' s no water coming into it and erm so i went baba anyway i went into the kitchen to see if there was water going there mm so i i i played around with the water in the kitchen for a while and then i looked up and i thought oh my god up at the top on one of these shelves was one great big jar of pickled egg pickled egg? yeah
1657. i mean no but i can see when you ' re guessing well i guessed at something today about oh it was so funny cos i guessed completely wrong oh god i bet it gets you into hot water my well my mum and dad actually they they were driving through france and my mother said oh look at the look at the almond trees cos they were all in blossom and my father said car boot sale
1659. were sitting there going oh yeah yeah yeah i know yeah and then all of a sudden er he said and when you look in the water you do this and they said well let ' s get some water shall we? yeah okay yeah bring the wa so someone bought a five gallon thing of water and put it there and he walked up like that and like that you know i mean and the oth and
1660. he said and when you look in the water you do this and they said well let ' s get some water shall we? yeah okay yeah bring the wa so someone bought a five gallon thing of water and put it there and he walked up like that and like that you know i mean and the oth and one of these guys said give me and let me have a go and he went up and
1667. double? mm oh that ' s a lot oh dear oh waking up time is he ready for a feed? he is ready for a feed get him his milk oh do you want to put the water on? yeah okay
1670. back from asia so i ' ve been having peppermint tea of an evening that ' s kind of been helping i love like fresh mint tea as well yeah just get mint leaves and pour boiling water over it oh that ' s good that ' s cool mm well will they take card at these coffee shops? mm no? i don ' t have any cash on me but to say thank you i
1672. think no no it ' s the other way round it ' s that way i want yes oh no very funny mm that was but i was shocked at how stupid i was i want a drink of water this is just fabulous actually that ' s a whole head of broccoli yeah yeah but a small one and all of forty - nine p it was too yeah? i see that i mean tesco
1674. and what have you then you can ' t do them wi with an axe alright? i ' ll give you that thank you would you like one? no thank you oh i ' ve got my water here you ' ve got your water you looked at me as if no i didn ' t you want your glasses on okay i don ' t know i don ' t know so the kids were not very
1675. ' t do them wi with an axe alright? i ' ll give you that thank you would you like one? no thank you oh i ' ve got my water here you ' ve got your water you looked at me as if no i didn ' t you want your glasses on okay i don ' t know i don ' t know so the kids were not very good then? no i mean i
1676. moved all this of course from the pond cos there ' d be there would have been ditches down there yeah and they ' ve moved them all up yeah and if you ' ve got any water in your ditch up there yeah cos they don ' t need lots of water no we haven ' t but we ' ve got we got water in the pond we got have we? yeah oh co
1677. have been ditches down there yeah and they ' ve moved them all up yeah and if you ' ve got any water in your ditch up there yeah cos they don ' t need lots of water no we haven ' t but we ' ve got we got water in the pond we got have we? yeah oh cos you divert it yeah right i div diverted the water butt into the pond
1678. all up yeah and if you ' ve got any water in your ditch up there yeah cos they don ' t need lots of water no we haven ' t but we ' ve got we got water in the pond we got have we? yeah oh cos you divert it yeah right i div diverted the water butt into the pond the big water butt outside there ' s a pipe goes all the
1681. a pipe goes all the way down so there ' s a pipe underground to the pump that went that the original pipe g i dug it took me three weeks to dig to get the goat ' s water down there didn ' t it? mm and now i ' ve joined up the water butt to it cos there ' s no water down there any more so i joined the water butt up to and
1682. that went that the original pipe g i dug it took me three weeks to dig to get the goat ' s water down there didn ' t it? mm and now i ' ve joined up the water butt to it cos there ' s no water down there any more so i joined the water butt up to and er that ' s yeah that don ' t fill up very fast er that just see
1683. took me three weeks to dig to get the goat ' s water down there didn ' t it? mm and now i ' ve joined up the water butt to it cos there ' s no water down there any more so i joined the water butt up to and er that ' s yeah that don ' t fill up very fast er that just seep in seep down mm mm but i went
1691. we gotta walk to from here probably from was it? well it mm no it weren ' t no from it was further round down the coast a bit and he said well i hope you got some water with you and we didn ' t have so we didn ' t take the journey did we? no we walked from yeah oh that ' s where i was yeah walked from yeah you ' re right you
1694. that it ' s it ' s like they did they don ' t half pack them in but yeah we ' re not far that ' s really good and and we ' re right near er some water as well look i presume that ' s water don ' t know it ' s quite watery this place er erm dunno we oh we ' ve we ' ve been before shall we try and
1698. ##m so i bought four and what do you think of the coffee? because that ' s got almond milk in cos i it ' s strong for me oh do you want some m more hot water some more milk or no leave it i ' ll i ' ll drink it but it er it is too strong really that is a silly thing well if it ' s too strong i can add a bit
1699. lacrose isn ' t it? yes but i remember at school being told there was sugar in er there was sweetness in milk mm and thinking mm sort of thing and they gave us a glass of water and a glass of milk and if you compared the water with the milk yes it was sweet mm you could tell well isn ' t it isn ' t that what the problem is that you ' re that
1700. at school being told there was sugar in er there was sweetness in milk mm and thinking mm sort of thing and they gave us a glass of water and a glass of milk and if you compared the water with the milk yes it was sweet mm you could tell well isn ' t it isn ' t that what the problem is that you ' re that you can be lactose intolerant? i suppose
1701. it crossed the road there was a concrete slab weighting it down so that nobody tripped or whatever mm and we can ' t imagine what that was mm there was nothing draining from it there was no water coming out oh that ' s weird well i mean it couldn ' t be gas and it couldn ' t be electricity so goodness knows what they ' re doing oh that was i ' m not sure what
1702. it is called a garden but in germany it ' s much more than allotment you know it ' s got a hut in it that ' s swish enough to it ' s got running water and and you could sleep there mm for heaven ' s sake you know when say hut i don ' t just mean a shed and is it by the house? no no no i mean it ' s
1704. ##m it ' d erm it could be something horrible like you know some service type thing mm well you could just be teaching and go and see erm or mm mm and offer to poison the water supply and erm do some teaching cover mm i think that was ' s job cover cover? but for people who are sick yeah but if two people were sick yeah or there might be some development work
1705. s say per square kilometre well yeah because there ' s siberia where no one lives that ' s not true people do live in siberia don ' t raise your eyebrows at me can i have some more water? so i think that is a compromise mm and therefore you should be happy can i have some water please? erm and between then we ' ll yeah we ' ll show you the moschmos
1706. true people do live in siberia don ' t raise your eyebrows at me can i have some more water? so i think that is a compromise mm and therefore you should be happy can i have some water please? erm and between then we ' ll yeah we ' ll show you the moschmoscow state circus and then you ' ll come mm they have a state circus? with juggling
1709. that everyone ' s like every everything ' s getting sh everything ' s shrinking or being raised in price and now they ' re saying i know and now they ' re like oh you can ' t water your garden or whatever well that ' s annoying that ' s an old one that is no no but like from today it ' s a if you get caught watering your garden it ' s a thousand pound
1710. ? so can just collect it why are they sort of doing all this all this stuff anyway about? it ' s raining now i know it ' s raining now are you supposed to collect your own water or something? i think it hasn ' t been raining for a while though um i mean can they not take water from the sea somehow? well i don ' t know yeah uh i suppose like that
1711. raining now i know it ' s raining now are you supposed to collect your own water or something? i think it hasn ' t been raining for a while though um i mean can they not take water from the sea somehow? well i don ' t know yeah uh i suppose like that that ' s the most efficient that you know with the with um reserv r reservoirs presumably you have to store
1717. s eventually owned by the world but it ' s not it ' s these great big huge yeah conglomerates mm that ' s right and anglia water i think belongs to some french company i think anglia water is still anglia water actually is it? i thought electricity is french the electricity is french there ' s a lot of there ' s a lot of electric that belongs to germany i mean n - power is
1718. the world but it ' s not it ' s these great big huge yeah conglomerates mm that ' s right and anglia water i think belongs to some french company i think anglia water is still anglia water actually is it? i thought electricity is french the electricity is french there ' s a lot of there ' s a lot of electric that belongs to germany i mean n - power is german edf is
1720. and make more profit more money yeah we can make this and we can do that but it is bit like you know this sort of so called hose pipe ban and how they ' re so short of water are they ' re sort of pleading so everyone will got to use less water and stuff like that yeah i mean at the back of my house they ' re building four massive great houses right? yeah mm
1721. that but it is bit like you know this sort of so called hose pipe ban and how they ' re so short of water are they ' re sort of pleading so everyone will got to use less water and stuff like that yeah i mean at the back of my house they ' re building four massive great houses right? yeah mm when they ' re built there ' s gonna be four families in there yeah
1722. like that yeah i mean at the back of my house they ' re building four massive great houses right? yeah mm when they ' re built there ' s gonna be four families in there yeah using water which is not being used now yeah where is that coming from if there ' s a shortage of water? that ' s right yeah mm yeah then why should i bother to save any water? yeah i
1723. ? yeah mm when they ' re built there ' s gonna be four families in there yeah using water which is not being used now yeah where is that coming from if there ' s a shortage of water? that ' s right yeah mm yeah then why should i bother to save any water? yeah i mean i pay for every drop i use so do we yeah we do mm we do and so will
1724. yeah using water which is not being used now yeah where is that coming from if there ' s a shortage of water? that ' s right yeah mm yeah then why should i bother to save any water? yeah i mean i pay for every drop i use so do we yeah we do mm we do and so will these new houses be on on a metre? yeah every every house has got no there
1726. in scoff them at the swan well we had a cup of and we never took it again that ' s when you ' ve wasted time stupid thing yeah wasted time is it yeah when you take water with you well exactly mm yeah i mean mm but yeah like it ' s it ' s true i mean but i don ' t even go to forest right? yeah i mean it ' s quite a
1728. like that yeah well january was you don ' t miss it near as much as i i mean the half of us didn ' t well most of us didn ' t drink anything in this pub tonic water or water one lady didn ' t even have the coffee she said could i just have some hot water please? oh dear well it ' s alright they did alright out in well if they ' d want
1729. yeah well january was you don ' t miss it near as much as i i mean the half of us didn ' t well most of us didn ' t drink anything in this pub tonic water or water one lady didn ' t even have the coffee she said could i just have some hot water please? oh dear well it ' s alright they did alright out in well if they ' d want you to
1730. half of us didn ' t well most of us didn ' t drink anything in this pub tonic water or water one lady didn ' t even have the coffee she said could i just have some hot water please? oh dear well it ' s alright they did alright out in well if they ' d want you to come back? no they did alright after the meal and actually it didn ' t half bright
1734. had fluoride tablets when we were kids our teeth probably would have been much better yeah that ' s right we had awful teeth haven ' t we? yeah well there ' s fluoride water in when we came to norwich so yeah week well anyway and buy tablets when when colgate took a stand at the show they were all handing out colgate bags you know cloth bags with colgate written
1735. possibly going across cutting across which may be difficult cos it ' ll go across some graves but easier to get to the hall mm erm er i mean at the moment we have to get the water out the tap yeah the dog tap in in bottles and leave it in bottles in the tower mm and we ' ve got tea making stuff in the tower which is just a urn that warms up
1736. good but yeah mountain or hybrid be careful on the roads though yeah mm there ' s some idiot drivers aren ' t there? er yeah tomorrow ' s pretty decent er sunny spells anyone want some more water? erm can you fill me up please? yes please erm did you? you haven ' t touched your have you had any messages? you ' re not getting any more from the restaurants no
1739. right these are cream cheese and these and they ' re they ' re just ordinary cheese and you ' ve got pickle here and okay? here ' s a knife okay there ' s still hot water in there well that ' s it ' s not this water there ' s tomato juice ooh it ' s in little glasses he ' s really his name is actually is it? yes but the moment
1740. ' re just ordinary cheese and you ' ve got pickle here and okay? here ' s a knife okay there ' s still hot water in there well that ' s it ' s not this water there ' s tomato juice ooh it ' s in little glasses he ' s really his name is actually is it? yes but the moment he ' s walked into the church he felt freezing so he
1748. they smoke in the house? did you drain it all out? yes that ' s how you store them to stop them going off sorry oh i did say to you don ' t drain all the water out just put some olive oil be alright you can put it in the fridge well it was already in the fridge and it ' s in a sealed jar going back to like um deals that you don '
1750. do you just drink it neat? yeah be very careful with that so it ' s actually no shoot it made from only peated scottish marle scottish malted barley shoot it glenglassaugh water and yeast a light fruity nose with sweet smoke bursting on the tongue i ' m expecting a light fruity nose with sweet smoke g actually i ' ll shoot it with you this better not be disappointed
1753. reading earlier on a book no magazine yes it ' s something like a cardigan but it ' s not a cardigan it ' s a jumper er it ' s a a structure that ke holds water in in holland a well dam a dyke it ' s er something that men go to work in mines and women factory holding erm holding er their their important papers office no they hold it they carry it
1754. this this is lying on one of them carpet rig rug it ' s er a farm vehicle that pulls a plough tractor tractor it ' s er something in the first world war or it can hold water trench tank nice it ' s er something with lots lots of holes in it and you you cheese colander sieve pour water in it sieve it ' s er time a type of stack time time
1755. it ' s er something in the first world war or it can hold water trench tank nice it ' s er something with lots lots of holes in it and you you cheese colander sieve pour water in it sieve it ' s er time a type of stack time time hay oh you might have got it seven eight i think that got you it so have we got to give you the chance to
1756. s it do for now yeah it ' s fine and you have a plenty a warm bed didn ' t you? mm mm it ' s good plenty warm enough it ' s good lots of hot water for the shower that was good oh and that ' s nice and erm it seems when i visited there it seems quiet area yes and that that amazes me because you ' ve got all those people
1757. did the last service mm and it ' s obviously so i think that ' s all it is but yeah i must do it anyway but it it sounds fine remind me before i go fill up the water on the the windscreen wiper cos it ' s basically pure soap evaporated it ' s going along and it ' s getting more and more unclear but only because of the foam or or
1761. in it? i turned it down but er i don ' t know really it ' s just eating those logs mm but i dunno just it should it could be hotter i just want enough hot water that ' s all yeah for the next two days mm two days it ' s or well tonight no tomorrow and the next day that should last all of that hot water mm if we keep the fire going
1762. hotter i just want enough hot water that ' s all yeah for the next two days mm two days it ' s or well tonight no tomorrow and the next day that should last all of that hot water mm if we keep the fire going all night tonight hmm what were you saying about evictions? er oh yeah i think this was in bristol there was some squatters that moved into this like mansion
1763. you want a can of something? i don ' t know what are you going to have to drink? a can of something a can of something? er yeah i ' ll have a fizzy water please run out of diet coke it ' s cold enough out there really yeah it is oh erm could you put some rice on? ah yes okay yeah yeah yeah yeah cos we don ' t
1764. ? well what didn ' t? well the entertainment thing was fine but i don ' t necessarily want to do that again and the oh have i got a drink? you said something about fizzy water? yeah right this is never fizzy do you want fresh fizzy water? yeah thing is i no i want water that is fizzy okay as you seem to have gone out and got yourself a
1765. don ' t necessarily want to do that again and the oh have i got a drink? you said something about fizzy water? yeah right this is never fizzy do you want fresh fizzy water? yeah thing is i no i want water that is fizzy okay as you seem to have gone out and got yourself a drink and not thought about me sorry i didn ' t really i thought no
1766. and the oh have i got a drink? you said something about fizzy water? yeah right this is never fizzy do you want fresh fizzy water? yeah thing is i no i want water that is fizzy okay as you seem to have gone out and got yourself a drink and not thought about me sorry i didn ' t really i thought no that ' s fine that ' s not a
1767. problem just when someone says what do you want to drink you kind of expect a drink at the end of it sorry i thought you ' d sort of said oh i ' ll just have fizzy water like it was there or something okay right yeah i ' ll do it myself on the tick yeah although not ooh there you go cheers right so anyway do you want to watch that film tonight? i
1769. need that don ' t you? you need a few trees yeah mm well i ' d like something like your dad ' s got set up as well where your your fire k er heats all the water in the house as well yeah yeah i ' d love that that ' s good that is they ' ve done that er has that ever broken? mm only that time the other week when cos they
1770. other week when cos they didn ' t put the no that was the chimney that wasn ' t the system well yeah the chimney flute well why would it break? it ' s only heating the water pipe unless the water pipe bursts and there ' s nothing to break i don ' t think well i don ' t know i was just wondering if it ' s if it ' s something you have to
1771. ##s they didn ' t put the no that was the chimney that wasn ' t the system well yeah the chimney flute well why would it break? it ' s only heating the water pipe unless the water pipe bursts and there ' s nothing to break i don ' t think well i don ' t know i was just wondering if it ' s if it ' s something you have to regularly maintain or once
1772. anything out no until you ' ve actually had a proper look at it yeah so you know cos you might be looking at i ' d still go to france yeah cos you ' ve got water they ' ve got what? water? water yeah yeah well they i mean they ' re are the very practical things like that obviously you can drill through the to the dam just the pipe like just under
1773. actually had a proper look at it yeah so you know cos you might be looking at i ' d still go to france yeah cos you ' ve got water they ' ve got what? water? water yeah yeah well they i mean they ' re are the very practical things like that obviously you can drill through the to the dam just the pipe like just under i ' ll be on a plane
1774. a proper look at it yeah so you know cos you might be looking at i ' d still go to france yeah cos you ' ve got water they ' ve got what? water? water yeah yeah well they i mean they ' re are the very practical things like that obviously you can drill through the to the dam just the pipe like just under i ' ll be on a plane next month
1775. i ' ll be on a plane next month out to cyprus yeah yeah i wondered about that kind of dry and arid place up at the side of a hill yeah somebody ' s got to have a water tank somewhere yeah why is somebody selling this? yeah speaks turkish that helps i did catch his eye about five minutes ago i haven ' t seen him since it seems his mate ' s coming out to do
1777. like mm a juicy one of these it ' s like an extra it ' s like am like american pancake well yeah well a lot of these it should just be an espresso with hot water in it should be yeah should just give me a jug of water i ' ve had arguments with not arguments but discussions with people serving americano and when they say would you like milk? i say no
1778. it ' s like am like american pancake well yeah well a lot of these it should just be an espresso with hot water in it should be yeah should just give me a jug of water i ' ve had arguments with not arguments but discussions with people serving americano and when they say would you like milk? i say no americano is espresso with hot water it ' s n
1779. a jug of water i ' ve had arguments with not arguments but discussions with people serving americano and when they say would you like milk? i say no americano is espresso with hot water it ' s nno milk involved at all but it ' s actually quite incredible how many people don ' t know what specific coffee is no but those people serving it you do wonder dunno well and
1780. it continually er f tries to fill itself no no it doesn ' t quite fill itself properly and trickles down the back it trickles into the toilet pan so it just always you can hear running water so it ' s on all the time yeah it but all you have to do is go up to the back of it and just tap it again and then it it kind of flicks it back into
1781. filling the tank at the back someone forgot to do that this morning someone else walked in to the en suite this evening and it was still trickling since this morning anyway that ' s a lot of water and so apparently now we ' ve got no outdoor water is it is it water that is it water that you ' re just? it ' s coming from your the rain yeah it ' s not it
1782. this morning someone else walked in to the en suite this evening and it was still trickling since this morning anyway that ' s a lot of water and so apparently now we ' ve got no outdoor water is it is it water that is it water that you ' re just? it ' s coming from your the rain yeah it ' s not it ' s not connected water it ' s not it '
1783. in to the en suite this evening and it was still trickling since this morning anyway that ' s a lot of water and so apparently now we ' ve got no outdoor water is it is it water that is it water that you ' re just? it ' s coming from your the rain yeah it ' s not it ' s not connected water it ' s not it ' s not us we '
1785. ' ve got no outdoor water is it is it water that is it water that you ' re just? it ' s coming from your the rain yeah it ' s not it ' s not connected water it ' s not it ' s not us we ' re not spending a fortune on water but was like oh there ' s no water in the outdoor tap we ' ve either emptied the the tank at
1786. re just? it ' s coming from your the rain yeah it ' s not it ' s not connected water it ' s not it ' s not us we ' re not spending a fortune on water but was like oh there ' s no water in the outdoor tap we ' ve either emptied the the tank at the back or we ' ve been using mains water i can ' t remember what setting
1787. the rain yeah it ' s not it ' s not connected water it ' s not it ' s not us we ' re not spending a fortune on water but was like oh there ' s no water in the outdoor tap we ' ve either emptied the the tank at the back or we ' ve been using mains water i can ' t remember what setting we ' ve got it on not sure yeah
1788. re not spending a fortune on water but was like oh there ' s no water in the outdoor tap we ' ve either emptied the the tank at the back or we ' ve been using mains water i can ' t remember what setting we ' ve got it on not sure yeah we ' ll have to look but the back doors also stick not stick they erm rub on the floor yeah they '
1790. does he he if you ignore him he calms down yeah better to leave him out there i should do what they done in the old days bit of a concrete and a bi and a tub of water concrete and a tub of water what was that then dad? fucking drowned him yeah how do you do that if you ' ve got a piece of concrete and a and a tie it round his neck and
1791. him he calms down yeah better to leave him out there i should do what they done in the old days bit of a concrete and a bi and a tub of water concrete and a tub of water what was that then dad? fucking drowned him yeah how do you do that if you ' ve got a piece of concrete and a and a tie it round his neck and throw him in the river oh
1792. yeah how do you do that if you ' ve got a piece of concrete and a and a tie it round his neck and throw him in the river oh right that ' s not a tub of water then is it? well whatever it ' s a river gets rid of them whatever are you cleaning my legs then? you ' d never hurt an animal would you dad? see he likes the cats didn
1793. one of them do you think she ' d miss a breadboard dad? where is it? think she ' d miss one? don ' t fancy this now shall i make it with some fresh water? i need something to put my cutlery in actually oh do you? like not er when it ' s drying in the drying rack cos when you lay it down it just catches all the dirt
1797. all had the spf in it yeah she was alright so she was okay he ended up with real bad blisters ah and he was up all night being ill cos he was drinking the water which he shouldn ' t have done so he was sat on the loo what a nightmare he then got up and sort of said and his face was yellow blisters so he ended up going to
1798. on a regular basis at the minute with this it ' s bloated isn ' t it? it is yeah it is it ' s probably ca you ' re probably carrying a a lot of water as well yeah yeah with all this well this is why i went to the doctor in the first place cos my stomach was just getting bigger and bigger and bigger and i got this pain mm and my
1799. ' s good do some chakra balancing again shall we as well? yeah this is nice yeah a little bit in your adrenals there and your kidney area yeah yeah that could be like excess water you drinking enough? oh yeah yeah feels like it just feels like everything ' s not quite right at the moment everything ' s just that ' s one of the things i ' ve reasons i thought this
1800. your head like a crown radiating around remember them tree roots coming out from the feet planting themselves into the ground to ground you okay that ' s good there you go cheers that was nice i do love water it ' s nice isn ' t it? i think it ' s one of my favourite drinks it just feels clean to me does it to you? yeah it ' s so refreshing yeah it just always
1801. right no really different this time your bowels weren ' t so bad i didn ' t think so oh okay that ' s good no solar plexus so did you erm drink loads of water last time? yeah and just had a rest feel the benefits yeah yeah i did excellent so i picked up your ears again in this one yeah and i ' ve got the hoppy ears counters at home
1803. ' s why i didn ' t mind because i spent sixteen pounds to get in but i didn ' t buy drinks all night right okay i i didn ' t buy anything i just got glasses of water right it was totally worth it yeah spent less that night there on a big night expensive to get in and stuff than i did on a normal night when we yeah go to like or something and buy drinks
1810. at it um we we uh we had a few uh ow sorry we had a few we had a few candidates and um tea in the park latitude now what else have we got? outdoor living uh water carrier camping cutlery set toaster kettle some good some cheap stuff wind break yeah eh? solid fuelled cooker interesting uh yeah some good stuff uh easter things some recipes oh chockies did you
1815. ' m not supposed to be wise she likes her camomile tea look it ' s only a weak one it ' s only rreally weak mm do you like it? better than just water er oh it ' s don ' t start her on juice though because then she gets a taste for it she won ' t have just plain water any more mm this is only camomile tea '
1816. weak mm do you like it? better than just water er oh it ' s don ' t start her on juice though because then she gets a taste for it she won ' t have just plain water any more mm this is only camomile tea ' s only a hint of flavour mm yeah it ' s not strong is it? mm what about marshmallow tea? is she allowed that?
1818. t been yeah there ' s sort of a like called yet there ' s a bit of a then you might go to boots procedure that you follow isn ' t there and get some a glass of water just to drink and yeah so do do they mean that they ' re they ' re not perhaps necessarily targeting individuals they ' re targeting like the crowd and it yeah yeah to see what people do but then
1823. the thing you know what i mean? i mean they get paid thousands don ' t they? but without without them playing there is nothing they ' re making money off yeah i need to get some water no reason yeah i need water too and try a beer and a beer shall i roll a cigarette then? do that it ' s friday night isn ' t it? where are the cigarettes? it '
1824. mean? i mean they get paid thousands don ' t they? but without without them playing there is nothing they ' re making money off yeah i need to get some water no reason yeah i need water too and try a beer and a beer shall i roll a cigarette then? do that it ' s friday night isn ' t it? where are the cigarettes? it ' s friday night at the movies
1828. ' t matter about the pressure it does fucking doesn ' t does no if you squash something down you can get more of it in don ' t be silly you can ' t make a litre of water go into less than a litre of water it becomes something else that ' s with water what ' s this? but if you have a c o one what ' s this? not heard that before no
1829. fucking doesn ' t does no if you squash something down you can get more of it in don ' t be silly you can ' t make a litre of water go into less than a litre of water it becomes something else that ' s with water what ' s this? but if you have a c o one what ' s this? not heard that before no anyway i ' m just saying it '
1832. ve got the fire extinguisher in your hand and you ' re like well what ' s the harm in having a go blah blah blah erm yeah i really quite need wee get some water on your way back erm maybe what ' s the er time? i don ' t know if it ' s ten to ten it ' s okay
1833. ##talments that was just to cover cover the last instalment three months of that last year i see so makes sense so yeah and then i ' ll ring the electricity company and the gas and water company at some point so okay cos we need our final bills from them i don ' t wanna be stuck like that woman who moved out last time and didn ' t pay her water bill no that
1834. gas and water company at some point so okay cos we need our final bills from them i don ' t wanna be stuck like that woman who moved out last time and didn ' t pay her water bill no that ' s stupid she er yeah you need to tell them yeah shall i erm? are we gonna actually cancel the internet on the day that we actually move out? yeah to save us
1836. is mint - flavoured black tea ah which will keep me up at night so i ' m going to have a mostly watery lemony ah ha hessian infusion in fact i might just have water and lemon and take my tea back home for the morning that ' s nice yes waste not want not i ' ll do that that ' s why you get the lemon but no too late for me to
1837. amble for my bus in about fifteen minutes sure cool so i ' ll double check that time oh yeah of course okay last orders at five to nine five to nine i know i ' ll have water with lemon please right where ' s my bus app thing? er twenty - one twenty - six cool okay yes i just going to do a little bit of spanish when i get home and then go to
1838. wheelbarrow going up the stairs ah right what now? tomato puree and sugar for a bit yeah oh that ' ll smell really nice right then add the paneer back in a splash of water ah have you got a lid we could cover that with? oh i could use that one yeah that ' s probably better actually erm that ' s probably bigger than my lid okay what was it?
1839. oh i could use that one yeah that ' s probably better actually erm that ' s probably bigger than my lid okay what was it? paneer paneer back in and then a splash of water mm splash it sounds spicy but i don ' t think it is chilli just cos it ' s got the tomatoes in the tomato puree in it yeah it it it does need a green chill
1844. yeah you can ' t cure it it ' s yeah you ' re right you ' re gonna die mm yeah once it ' s penetrated you did you have as well? they ' re allergic to water aren ' t they? water yeah it ' s acrophobia i mean it ' s just yeah you die of thirst when you have your body repels water you die of thirst it is literally
1846. ? they ' re allergic to water aren ' t they? water yeah it ' s acrophobia i mean it ' s just yeah you die of thirst when you have your body repels water you die of thirst it is literally they also attack your nervous system and everything else a zombie disease yeah it must be a horribly painful death horrible way to die yeah a lot of people in peru die from
1847. it was just a complete mess they almost kind of look forward to the people who were on pills coming in because yeah they were reliable yeah they were just l a lot less safer so a bit of water like they would at least buy a lot of water like yeah and water ' s not cheap so it makes it water ' s not cheap you just whack up the price of water yeah it '
1848. look forward to the people who were on pills coming in because yeah they were reliable yeah they were just l a lot less safer so a bit of water like they would at least buy a lot of water like yeah and water ' s not cheap so it makes it water ' s not cheap you just whack up the price of water yeah it ' s like ten pounds a bottle and then that was
1849. people who were on pills coming in because yeah they were reliable yeah they were just l a lot less safer so a bit of water like they would at least buy a lot of water like yeah and water ' s not cheap so it makes it water ' s not cheap you just whack up the price of water yeah it ' s like ten pounds a bottle and then that was kind of it yeah
1850. they were reliable yeah they were just l a lot less safer so a bit of water like they would at least buy a lot of water like yeah and water ' s not cheap so it makes it water ' s not cheap you just whack up the price of water yeah it ' s like ten pounds a bottle and then that was kind of it yeah that yeah but yeah it was er don '
1851. bit of water like they would at least buy a lot of water like yeah and water ' s not cheap so it makes it water ' s not cheap you just whack up the price of water yeah it ' s like ten pounds a bottle and then that was kind of it yeah that yeah but yeah it was er don ' t drink from a tap how do you find a way like? they
1852. ? every time we went in a night club mm the taps are hot so you can ' t like drink from the well i don ' t know a lot of people don ' t really like hot water so you go to like drink or like not saying i ever did but if i had friends that will take pills then er it ' s not easy with like a like a hot water tap or something no
1853. really like hot water so you go to like drink or like not saying i ever did but if i had friends that will take pills then er it ' s not easy with like a like a hot water tap or something no did you ever have ossiana? is that a club around your way? no there ' s one in though yeah it ' s one night club here it ' s like a
1854. all sorts of rooms a bit trippy when you ' re like quite mashed not that i ' d know but er continue interesting place none the less what was the point of that? er hot water and oh i guess there was hot water in there and the and there was always the guy with the perfume the black dude in the bathroom yeah that would be like freshen up for the ladies freshen
1855. when you ' re like quite mashed not that i ' d know but er continue interesting place none the less what was the point of that? er hot water and oh i guess there was hot water in there and the and there was always the guy with the perfume the black dude in the bathroom yeah that would be like freshen up for the ladies freshen up freshen up yeah yeah i used
1856. stairs mm yeah all her pictures had been like ripped and like put on the floor there was like the kitchen had like the story is so harsh the microwave was in the sink with loads of flowers and water all over it yeah and like just there was all food all over the floor the tree in the garden had clothes like hung up in it like everything was a fucking tip and i was just like this girl
1857. just smoked his shisha shot yeah and then it was clogged slightly so we were ah so we told him obviously you suck the mm oh so he sucked the thing my god terrible shisha water oh yeah he had shisha water in his mouth dribbled up but awful awful but he didn ' t spit it out so one of us ss washed it out with some water oh oh oh oh
1858. and then it was clogged slightly so we were ah so we told him obviously you suck the mm oh so he sucked the thing my god terrible shisha water oh yeah he had shisha water in his mouth dribbled up but awful awful but he didn ' t spit it out so one of us ss washed it out with some water oh oh oh oh no pretty disgusting well it ' s
1859. terrible shisha water oh yeah he had shisha water in his mouth dribbled up but awful awful but he didn ' t spit it out so one of us ss washed it out with some water oh oh oh oh no pretty disgusting well it ' s not as bad as but yeah cos no one liked him loads of people sort of er borrowed things from his house yeah like ah his house phone
1860. they speak really here it ' s a different kind of sound like mm we make a t and a d here but they make the mm the tap they say like d d kind of like the american water water oh yeah spanish do that that ' s what does oh god don ' t you hate that? we have the worse name in spanish it ' s mm mm how long you can make that name?
1861. speak really here it ' s a different kind of sound like mm we make a t and a d here but they make the mm the tap they say like d d kind of like the american water water oh yeah spanish do that that ' s what does oh god don ' t you hate that? we have the worse name in spanish it ' s mm mm how long you can make that name? mm
1863. anyway now cos we ' re on a meter yeah yeah yeah yeah mm mm no no we don ' t even know what ' s going on with that water no we do our like our the water company we ' re for half an hour it still doesn ' t get through to it mm then i mentioned it to a plumber and they were like but when we went outside and checked and she was
1864. t think that we are and we are just we are five on five i ' m like th we ' re like a or something really? i don ' t think that they can put some more water mm yeah there ' s five in this one building that ' s whom you said one two three four five two three four five yeah is it the one in the roof? yeah yeah yeah and they must
1866. like it ' s proper it ' s good whole or kind of like farm bread chicken mm chicken not battery farm it ' s yeah it ' s really good it ' s not like ninety per cent water it ' s really really good so you eat it and you ' re really full so i had like one one chicken breast between two of us yeah and that was enough and it was like really really filling
1867. we don ' t it ' s like our favourite food but it ' s it ' s ha it ' s to cook it ' s really really expensive oh it ' s salt it ' s not water cos f look at that it hasn ' t even absorbed you need to what kind of carpet doesn ' t absorbe stuff? one that on that shit get in here there you go no mark don
1872. my dad open them though yeah open them i ' m hungry how are you hungry? you ' ve had a big sandwich i don ' t care i ' m still hungry mineralna vodka with mineral water oh what about gin? i can ' t seen that oh right you should have seen in the in the the airport today sprinkle some yeah crisps on here dad dad do you mind? it
1874. you ' re analysing the shape of bottles that toilet ' s confusing isn ' t it? i got the soap and i was trying to work out for about five minutes how to make the water work there ' s a i know well i worked that out there was something on the wall saying press for water and i ' m like for about five minutes i ' m like what ' s that?
1875. the soap and i was trying to work out for about five minutes how to make the water work there ' s a i know well i worked that out there was something on the wall saying press for water and i ' m like for about five minutes i ' m like what ' s that? i was like i ' ve got the soap in my hand now so i need water i worked that out quicker
1876. wall saying press for water and i ' m like for about five minutes i ' m like what ' s that? i was like i ' ve got the soap in my hand now so i need water i worked that out quicker you know why? ooh i worked on about quicker no well i was i ' d rather not say go on go on well i was leaning forward oh there and i could
1880. ##ie no? but thank you you could have tangfastics a tangfastic brownie no that would be interesting that ' d be a bit like sparkling tea sparkling tea yet he used carbonated water in our tea boiling oh all the bubbles would go away but that ' s something that you and should be able to sol solve you know freeze those um things maybe just have a i forgot my railcard
1881. in and the room smelled of cigarettes there was an iron mark on the floor there was cigarette burns in my duvet um there was no shower there was no shower what? there was barely any hot water and they didn ' t even have the courtesy to provide us with any soup s in the soap rather soup soup they didn ' t even provide us with any soup no soup i wanted soup and there was
1882. seventies mm yeah yeah well actually no there was it was brighter than that oh so there was a bath but there wasn ' t a shower yeah yeah okay and there was wow that ' s no hot water so and basically it the it was like they built it in the seventies and hadn ' t done anything since mm pretty much so was it just er like w so what is that? just a big hotel
1884. well gutted not to be at the passover dinner can eat the charoses yeah can eat it he won ' t like it i know he won ' t and the bitter herbs her how much water are you boiling? is that full that thing? no course it ' s not full oh but it it ' s deep just right to put the the little there aren ' t very many of them so
1885. what ' s chicken schmaltz? erm rendered chicken fat and but i remembered that what i used to do when i made them was i would soak the matzo meal in hot water like like couscous and y it would swell up and you ' d let it yeah and that would obviously be much better yeah cos it ' s a very coarse yeah grain yeah it is er
1886. you will be alright again yeah that ' s cool so it ' s rubbish in the meantime yeah that saline stuff probably wouldn ' t hurt and also steam baths sticking your head over a bowl of hot water with a towel possibly with some baking soda or salty stuff epsom salts i don ' t know can you breathe them in? yeah mm mm yeah yeah yeah yeah we ' ve had salts yeah they had
1888. and it ' s been like and i rarely wear gloves because i ' m such a forgetful oh yeah oh good good because you ' ve been yeah okay so hydrating from the inside hopefully the water yes i ' m just going to drink some water now would you like another? oh i suppose if we are going back in ' s and we ' ve got coffee at home so we don ' t
1889. gloves because i ' m such a forgetful oh yeah oh good good because you ' ve been yeah okay so hydrating from the inside hopefully the water yes i ' m just going to drink some water now would you like another? oh i suppose if we are going back in ' s and we ' ve got coffee at home so we don ' t need to have a yeah that ' s cool well
1896. ' s the only one he said and another thing she said to me i suggest she said you don ' t want to wet yourself do you while you ' re out? and i he said that water tablet benzyl fluoride it ' s only a little low one but i don ' t i always wear a pad but i don ' t pee myself mm you know what i mean mm no touch
1897. up? so we best prepare very true do you want this? are you just you know waking up? that ' s it there we go let ' s hope you ' re gonna like having er water on your head in the church you better be on your best behaviour you like the water don ' t you? yeah oh you were gonna go swimming today yeah i know were you gonna go with erm
1900. al wine really it ' s really heavy really dries me out does it? i don ' t like it much anymore i like a bit like a half a glass or something do you want some water as well? yeah if you don ' t what? dad ' s army yeah cool how many times have you played this game then? hold on what did you say? how many times have you played
1903. yeah cos otherwise how are you gonna know? mm how are you gonna know? you ' re not are you? and i mean are you gonna take every used condom and fill it up with water and i mean a month ' s gonna go by anyway four weeks gone b just to check? i mean what are you gonna it perhaps it ' s not that easy to tell i don ' t know
1906. an intense pain was making my hands throb would you not just go to the sink and put your head in the sink? head in the sink yeah not run down the road first bit of water you ' d be there run the bath yeah even fine um you ' d go to the bathroom you would wherever you are yeah whether it ' s just a sink in there or even a toilet if it
1907. yeah you are correct what would you like? oo do you want something non - alcoholic? or do you want a beer? something non - alcoholic if that ' s alright tea? coffee? water? a nice coffee squash? would be lovely actually yeah contraband coffee? contraband coffee yes w w what was for your dinner then? um i made some pasta oh are you hungry? not particularly
1908. got all the drugs i don ' t have drugs now you ' d th you yeah this is my special trick of taking all the drugs took all the drugs mm yeah i ' ll get you some water although i should ' ve been taking ibuprofen shouldn ' t i? anti - inflammatory oh yeah that ' s true didn ' t think that through did i no the doctor should tell you these
1914. going out to turn the potatoes or something right yeah anyway she never returned one day you ' ll be doing it yourself go on go on which would you choose? to be in a desert with no water or to be an in antarctica with no coat? oh mm no water yeah i think it ' d have to be no cos i hate the cold yeah but at least you if you yeah which one
1915. one day you ' ll be doing it yourself go on go on which would you choose? to be in a desert with no water or to be an in antarctica with no coat? oh mm no water yeah i think it ' d have to be no cos i hate the cold yeah but at least you if you yeah which one would kill you quicker though? if you die of cold if you '
1917. about the like switches and boi net like the shower and boiler switch and stuff like that and he first like you know asked the question like oh so this is the one that does all the hot water i was right and dad was like yeah yeah yeah that ' s the one that ' s the one and was like so what so what ' s this one is this one to is this one does shower
1923. that includes erm drinks because nobody ever seems prepared to order drinks and that ' ll that could cause a long delay thinking about what about whether whether or not you want a drink or just have tap water mm and the concert finishes about ten o ' clock i suppose mm so i should be able to get the quarter to eleven train out of victoria well you might even be able to get the twenty - two
1925. quite a while er what what you what you can do with your lemon grass to like to er if you ' ve got an ice cube tray is cut it up fine freeze it with a bit of water freeze it into ice cubes yeah that means that you get as much harvest er as you can and then see how long that lasts you yeah and then i just drop the ice cubes into the er
1927. t know to well you can have a look if you like i mean i well have you got somebody mm somebody watering for you? erm said he would said he ' s pop in and just water the plants in here oh best to just have one otherwise we ' ll all get you know we ' re just gonna leave this yeah the the conservatory open yeah and lock all these ones well if you come
1928. ' t just completely go on a alright only drink lemon juice or something today i ' m allowed fruit and coffee uhu nothing wrong with coffee erm and i ' ve got to drink lots of water so i i went for to the that fruit shop and had avocado and orange juice avocado and orange juice is amazing which one do you want to smell the orange? that one? that
1929. you ' re having i ' m having my a coffee? no i ' m having my cider vinegar cider vinegar and a little bit mm yummy yeah it is cider vinegar and hot water yeah erm can i have a cup of tea please? oh i ' m not ma oh yeah okay if you let me go outside yeah i ' ll go and get the milk are you cleaning the
1930. we? i thought that ' s what we were gonna do actually yeah shall i up? no i ' m alright are we gonna cook? yes i should bring us up this glass and have some water yeah let ' s have some water leave that alright then you can take it with you but erm i don ' t know going for a wee mm we ' ll shut this window yeah so are we
1931. what we were gonna do actually yeah shall i up? no i ' m alright are we gonna cook? yes i should bring us up this glass and have some water yeah let ' s have some water leave that alright then you can take it with you but erm i don ' t know going for a wee mm we ' ll shut this window yeah so are we gonna cook? yeah let ' s
1932. erm i don ' t know going for a wee mm we ' ll shut this window yeah so are we gonna cook? yeah let ' s mm do some cooking right i ' ll grab some water firstly are we making chilli con carne? mm cool there must be so much of me cooking and eating and can we do this shall we do that yeah has to be done lots of natural conversation
1933. it was that sharp actually sharp enough to cut some onions? i hope so really can ' t get this off this frying pan can you not? i might give it a bit of a boiling water and then don ' t worry the scourer will do it i ' m sure yeah yeah thing is by the time your dad comes saturday it might be a bit messy because er we haven ' t
1934. hole in there they ' re we ' re pretty done yeah just need you can see the i mean obviously stuff there ' s some butter got it yeah it helps that we don ' t have a water jug in there that ' s not necessary no no that isn ' t necessary is it no they didn ' t even mention that there ' s no no drawers drawers can you pick out the shelves anywhere?
1935. your dad ' s will be better we ' ll see we shouldn ' t cook with them all like at once and see the see which ones cook better than others i need to put a bit of water in this cos it ' s sticking to the bottom which it shouldn ' t really do is it cos we used the fat more fat from the meat? i don ' t know might be because
1936. eat raw garlic all the time in korea but with other stuff yeah don ' t just eat er yeah i mean i eat it in like mixed in a salad thing my dad makes it makes my eyes water sometimes yeah it ' s too much i mean i like it but it ' s definitely definitely strong it ' s good though i like it what are we doing with this then? with what? the tomatoes
1937. can use these boxes for a side thing for now right this thing needs much more of a clean i know it hasn ' t nothing ' s been cleaned yet cool do i need to turn the hot water on? no it can take too long is this going in the rubbish? yeah or there i guess i ' ll just wash it with cold water that can be done erm or you could boil a
1938. cleaned yet cool do i need to turn the hot water on? no it can take too long is this going in the rubbish? yeah or there i guess i ' ll just wash it with cold water that can be done erm or you could boil a kettle but it ' s not really worth it is it? i think it well we do have the light on why do we have the light on
1939. it you ' ve gotta do circular breathing i can ' t do circular breathing i used to be able to play better than i can now but apparently it ' s you can practice with a glass of water yeah or just with a straw mm there ' s a couple of other instruments in there is there? yeah there ' s a rain maker somewhere mm i dunno if this is going to be alright actually
1953. them with? rifles what do you think? yeah but i don ' t think you ' re allowed guns in this country he shoots them with er you use bb shot oh okay he shoots them with water pistols super soaker full of cat pee yeah that what would you get the cat like? cos some of it has to be it can ' t all be fresh cat pee how how would how would
1959. yes can ' t it? it could go very badly mm but i ' ve obviously been overpaying which is better than not paying enough yeah so they know the gas both the gas and the water for the last two months in quarters do they take it off the bill that you would pay? yeah last two quarters i haven ' t paid any money good we ' ve got our water estimate i '
1960. and the water for the last two months in quarters do they take it off the bill that you would pay? yeah last two quarters i haven ' t paid any money good we ' ve got our water estimate i ' ve got it here actually is it? our water estimate is for a four bedroom house cos no not four yeah is it for a four? a three or four bedroom house is our
1961. it off the bill that you would pay? yeah last two quarters i haven ' t paid any money good we ' ve got our water estimate i ' ve got it here actually is it? our water estimate is for a four bedroom house cos no not four yeah is it for a four? a three or four bedroom house is our water estimate a hundred and thirty quid in debit a hundred
1962. i ' ve got it here actually is it? our water estimate is for a four bedroom house cos no not four yeah is it for a four? a three or four bedroom house is our water estimate a hundred and thirty quid in debit a hundred and thirty quid? oh so they owe you a hundred and thirty quid? mm decent yeah we ' ve got gas electric is obviously
1963. hundred and thirty quid? mm decent yeah we ' ve got gas electric is obviously we pay on a meter but had the choice he was like you either pay do we get a meter for your water and you pay aas and when based on that or we ' ll give you an estimate and pay that but the house is registered as a three or four bedroom house mm despite there being seven of us
1964. nothing in comparison to what we actually should be paying mm and we don ' t pay council tax cos we ' re students so decent saying that i don ' t pay it but there is a water bill coming up by the way not that you pay not that you see it but this is the gas bill three hundred and fifty - seven quid in debit they owe you three hundred and seventy qui
1965. staircases you can even get an end crystal what? some staircases which are purple oh nice and you can even get these really special arrows special arrows arrows arrows okay could you get me some more water? uhu mm what are the slabs? are they just paper? erm no they ' re purple slabs yeah but what are they? the slabs in minecraft? yeah but you do you put
1967. grass it ' s not really grass like we would think it ' s not like the grass you ' d see out here it ' s very arid yeah and nothing really naturally grows unless you unless you water it and you put in plant food and stuff yeah in the north it ' s greener and it rains a lot more but in like valencia the grass is missing isn ' t it? but you could
1970. it brings out the damp as well so we ' ve had to buy an anti - damp machine like a machine that sucks the water out the air and fills up fall up about two pints of water in an afternoon what you have one in the house? yeah because there was mould growing on the on the walls but honestly it ' ll be it ' ll be two pints of water collected after
1971. of water in an afternoon what you have one in the house? yeah because there was mould growing on the on the walls but honestly it ' ll be it ' ll be two pints of water collected after a few hours and that ' s what you ' re like breathing in and stuff and that ' s what ' s going on the walls so we ' ve got a slight problem like that is
1972. what does he want my number for? what ' s he stalking me for? no no he ' s not stalking and i thought i ' d set the house on fire or something or left the water running or something and um no he sent me a text message saying oh no it ' s just a reminder saying just to remind you i know i ' ll probably see you but can you leave five pounds
1973. it is twelve and i ' ve done absolutely fuck all i mean nothing it ' s hard not swearing you know is it? it is it ' s hard you should wash your mouth with soap and water young lad bad i guess it makes you realise how much you swear yeah it ' s funny though that i ' ve noticed that you swear like before w i think it ' s because of the fact i
1974. well i ' ve got a good cure for that she she said what ' s that? what ' s that? i need to know cos oh simple sh he said just take a glass of water when he comes home keep swigging it and swishing it around your mouth mhm so she said she did this two weeks later she went back to the doctors she said doctor that worked absolutely wonderful
1975. said she did this two weeks later she went back to the doctors she said doctor that worked absolutely wonderfully why did it work? so she said he said well that ' s quite simple by taking water and swishing it around your mouth that stop your that stop you saying bugger all and then you don ' t get slapped around i think that ' s right yeah no that ' s right i '
1977. that in pour that in the saucepan okay so pour about a third of rice and yeah that ' s probably too much to be honest and then go and fill up it might be fill up the water with the kettle? no fill up fill up that with cold water like to the brim? to be to be the same amount of the as the rice do you mean like a third? yeah whatever
1978. third of rice and yeah that ' s probably too much to be honest and then go and fill up it might be fill up the water with the kettle? no fill up fill up that with cold water like to the brim? to be to be the same amount of the as the rice do you mean like a third? yeah whatever the rice went up to put that up to think that ' s
1979. the as the rice do you mean like a third? yeah whatever the rice went up to put that up to think that ' s? bit more i think oh okay er that ' s as much water you need like as much water as there is rice put it on the thing this ignites it and then you put the lid on and you ' ve gotta wait until it it ' s fifteen minutes from
1980. mean like a third? yeah whatever the rice went up to put that up to think that ' s? bit more i think oh okay er that ' s as much water you need like as much water as there is rice put it on the thing this ignites it and then you put the lid on and you ' ve gotta wait until it it ' s fifteen minutes from now so i will go online
1984. ? it ' s yeah got a swimming pool swimming pools theatres is it the ocean water they have in the swimming pools that they pump up? or is it just like a swimming pool? no fresh water ain ' t it no they have it ' s er fresh water fresh water in it yeah they have jacuzzis and all sorts in there tennis courts and stuff aren ' t there? yeah yeah
1985. it the ocean water they have in the swimming pools that they pump up? or is it just like a swimming pool? no fresh water ain ' t it no they have it ' s er fresh water fresh water in it yeah they have jacuzzis and all sorts in there tennis courts and stuff aren ' t there? yeah yeah you see i wouldn ' t mind doing that one on an ad
1986. ocean water they have in the swimming pools that they pump up? or is it just like a swimming pool? no fresh water ain ' t it no they have it ' s er fresh water fresh water in it yeah they have jacuzzis and all sorts in there tennis courts and stuff aren ' t there? yeah yeah you see i wouldn ' t mind doing that one on an advert where
1987. a bit and give it a nice biggish drink and then see by tomorrow how much it actually wants then you may have to mm if er then you cou you know could discard the water out well i have been giving it half a cup er well half of that little container while it ' s been resting erm because it was still in well it was sort of resting i i ended up
1998. that time no it was just us and er yes but and then when when it was sixth form did you have tables erm separate tables? we were allowed tables chairs and tables knives and forks and water cups from the first year actually so were we but when you were in the sixth form up to the sixth form you you queued up in your years and got your plate and went and sat down at
1999. whether had one had sandwich lunches i think they got put in some classroom mm mm or somewhere i don ' t think sandwich packed lunches were mm encouraged mm really yes but we used to have water on the table and mm that sort of thing as well mm and at christmas if you got a sixpence in your pudding mm which health and safety probably wouldn ' t allow these days no i '
2001. our bikes on it it was the worst winter ever in do you know it it frozen two foot down in sixty - three if you can imagine mm two foot frost mm how deep the wat do the water pipes go? they ' re supposed to be that deep they ' re supposed to be they probably aren ' t and what were they made out that of then? lead lead lead yeah and there was no
2003. yeah i mean it ' s got a nice top to it as well i mean it ' s a mm perfectly workable usable top i see it ' s got a few where erm put her water pots and oh mugs on it it ' s got a few rings right that weren ' t there but are now yeah yeah but it er it is my fault cos i wax polished it yeah oh
2007. it ' s not the end of the world but i ' ll cancel the gas and electricity when i leave mm mm so we don ' t have to pay any more of that and then erm water water rates and i ' ll cancel the internet money yeah we ' ll be on oh i don ' t wanna do it on cos i ' ll get through to some stupid person in india and i
2008. ' s not the end of the world but i ' ll cancel the gas and electricity when i leave mm mm so we don ' t have to pay any more of that and then erm water water rates and i ' ll cancel the internet money yeah we ' ll be on oh i don ' t wanna do it on cos i ' ll get through to some stupid person in india and i don
2009. money as they want i guess yeah even though wifi apparently according the government is what like isn ' t it something like erm a basic need nowadays? is it? yeah what aalong with water and air? along with water and a well apparently so apparently the government are oh making it a priority to make internet and broadband and stuff like a basic thing what ' s it ' s weird i was
2010. yeah even though wifi apparently according the government is what like isn ' t it something like erm a basic need nowadays? is it? yeah what aalong with water and air? along with water and a well apparently so apparently the government are oh making it a priority to make internet and broadband and stuff like a basic thing what ' s it ' s weird i was saying this is gonna sound really
2011. and she realised that the the coffee was a bit too expensive it was five euros which is expensive but you ' re in a cafe by a fucking palace you know? not that bad and she ordered water oh no i know i was like are y and i said are you not ordering anything because you ' re st cos you ' re being stingy and don ' t want it to? she go
2013. do with all the extra hair that they have? i dunno actually it must be really weird if you put it around the garden it keeps cats away really? yeah is that like leaving bottles of water so the dogs don ' t crap on your lawn? why would that work? oh it ' s how they do it in new zealand they really? just take a clear bottle of water yeah? like
2014. bottles of water so the dogs don ' t crap on your lawn? why would that work? oh it ' s how they do it in new zealand they really? just take a clear bottle of water yeah? like a full bottle of water yeah and just lay it out on the grass yeah and dogs won ' t piss there why? or shit there i dunno i don ' t that ' s
2015. t crap on your lawn? why would that work? oh it ' s how they do it in new zealand they really? just take a clear bottle of water yeah? like a full bottle of water yeah and just lay it out on the grass yeah and dogs won ' t piss there why? or shit there i dunno i don ' t that ' s amazing i don ' t know but that
2016. how that ' s what happens but maybe they if you don ' t want any don ' t want a dog to crap on your lawn that ' s what you should do put a plastic bottle of water just put a plastic bottle of water out oh my god that ' s amazing yeah i don ' t think it ' s quite a tried and tested method of that though so i wish it were would oh
2017. maybe they if you don ' t want any don ' t want a dog to crap on your lawn that ' s what you should do put a plastic bottle of water just put a plastic bottle of water out oh my god that ' s amazing yeah i don ' t think it ' s quite a tried and tested method of that though so i wish it were would oh it is it ' s well they
2019. you right what ' s next? er erm i think we ' ll we ' ve got the tomatoes we ' ve got the peppers just erm steak now mm mm er can you put the water on the pasta? let ' s boil that oh yeah that ' s got to be done haven ' t they? we ' ll try a carrot mm yeah right can you get the water from the kettle
2020. put the water on the pasta? let ' s boil that oh yeah that ' s got to be done haven ' t they? we ' ll try a carrot mm yeah right can you get the water from the kettle? yep yeah i watched this other documentary on it as well they were erm they were following yep can you stick it on there? yeah they were in nigeria erm there ' s
2021. ? yep yeah i watched this other documentary on it as well they were erm they were following yep can you stick it on there? yeah they were in nigeria erm there ' s not enough water in this huh? oh well yeah we ' ll have to fill up again quickly no no no oh dear that will be alright won ' t it? just about i think is there any more left in
2025. been like the eighteen that ' s really annoying me now i really wanna know eighteen forties or something let me go and get my phone and i ' ll be able to tell you madame need some water be able to google that up yeah i mean i ' d get but i googled too much today on oh huh oh voicemail voicemail mm right so huh blackadder so the third the third
2026. nice crowd they were mm really good cos we hadn ' t really known them for the last couple of no you don ' t no no no mm they ' re quite lively do you want some water? yeah there ain ' t a lot in there it ' s alright i ' ve have half a glass whoa whoa whoa whoa i ' m fine yeah that ' ll be enough and you can have some
2027. the lights coming towards me yeah to see where they were no street lights nothing we had that in but fi no it was only the first bit that was really bad yeah and then i ran out of water in my windscreen washers and it was that sort of it wasn ' t enough rain to clean your windscreen but it was enough to mud everything up yeah so i fortunately there was a garage about
2028. your windscreen but it was enough to mud everything up yeah so i fortunately there was a garage about after i ran out it was about quarter of a mile further was a garage so i got some water and hahalf way coming round the wash on one one journey back from and erm my windscreen wipers had a fight on the on this one they starting banging each other like this one open
2029. what i was just thinking for you guys yes i know they ' re much much nicer than those even don ' t like them mm even didn ' t like them? can i have some more water please? mm and this one has got a little bit of bits in it that will be from you okay what do you remember of going to the olympics? do you remember anything because you were very little
2032. about that we might decide to get up to something don ' t ask me what you wouldn ' t let us go and get oh would on your way would you like to get me a drink of water? yeah very kind there was a drink i ' ve ended up with everyone ' s phone number on this phone like ah have you got one of those smartphones? not so smart it is i tell
2035. t want you to burn your hands ha thank you well if you means test everything mm i mean is that not going towards communism? erm no i suppose it isn ' t what ' s this water in this jug? lose it potato water or cabbage water oh right i don ' t know what that would be actually what would that be? no if you ' re if you ' re using a fine
2036. thank you well if you means test everything mm i mean is that not going towards communism? erm no i suppose it isn ' t what ' s this water in this jug? lose it potato water or cabbage water oh right i don ' t know what that would be actually what would that be? no if you ' re if you ' re using a fine to punish somebody mm it ' s got
2037. if you means test everything mm i mean is that not going towards communism? erm no i suppose it isn ' t what ' s this water in this jug? lose it potato water or cabbage water oh right i don ' t know what that would be actually what would that be? no if you ' re if you ' re using a fine to punish somebody mm it ' s got to be relative
2038. if you ' re on an hour long flight it ' s like three hours and twenty and you ' ve got like a hangover yeah true and then you gotta pay five pounds for a bottle of water on thompson is that the company yeah yeah yeah they might be slightly better than easy jet i think so is your dad enthused about the old lounge i don ' t think so i sent a message
2042. ##cks just give it to her she ' ll take as much as she wants sniff it that ' s good take that one it ' s a little tiny bit you ' ll be fine but drinking with water orange juice or apple juice yeah there ' s so stuff on there babe i ' ve got a glass here that had apple juice in it sorry i ' ve got a water glass okay alright you ' ve
2043. be fine but drinking with water orange juice or apple juice yeah there ' s so stuff on there babe i ' ve got a glass here that had apple juice in it sorry i ' ve got a water glass okay alright you ' ve tasted them right? it ' s just amazing and i hate rose fucking hate it actually yeah that is nice it ' s so nice can i try a little bit? yeah
2044. him with a scratchy bit and then so er yeah oh sorry by the way i didn ' t realise that her top i didn ' t realise your toilets were blocks so i flushed it and the water came all the way up to the bowl and i was like is the poo gone? no the poo ' s gone what poo? did you do a poo? it ' s not
2046. i might just be making that up first world problems having a pool i know why doesn ' t your pool open like mine? what ' s wrong with you? all of this disposable water can i just point something out? okay look how ma how mine goes up you speak now speak hello chicken potty but look at how much mine goes up that ' s how deep my voice is yeah
2047. t it? what time is it? or hungry yeah i think she ' s hungry what time is it? you know gave her erm you know i gave her a few capfuls of water yesterday did you? yeah because we got so hot walking down to er the doctors that we got some water and then we looked around she was bright red she ' s bright red just from the heat of
2048. ? you know gave her erm you know i gave her a few capfuls of water yesterday did you? yeah because we got so hot walking down to er the doctors that we got some water and then we looked around she was bright red she ' s bright red just from the heat of the pram she ' s not even doing any exercising there but she ' s lying there but the sun
2049. s not even doing any exercising there but she ' s lying there but the sun wasn ' t on her but she was bright red so yeah she had she had three or four capfuls of water and she really likes it i ' m not putting it in a th in a er thingy bottle she can take it out of a cup yeah well i i might shshe drinks it out of
2050. ' s an old bottle top it ' s alright we ' ll have to get a few little bits like that soon nearly time for her to start eating well let ' s just see how this this water has gone down alright she doesn ' t seem to have any problems with it so because it ' s so hot they c if she gets thirsty i told if she gets hiccups she can have a
2051. she doesn ' t seem to have any problems with it so because it ' s so hot they c if she gets thirsty i told if she gets hiccups she can have a little bit of water but i said just one or two capfuls er she might give more but yeah she ' s not gonna give her a whole yeah you ' re on water aren ' t you? isn ' t
2054. cheese i was crying i was like it is because i ' ve just gone back onto a diet which is like basically like protein shakes oh my god and when i don ' t drink a lot of water my shits stink because yeah it ' s just protein yeah and like s cos i just changed onto it she caught it just as like it ' s so horrible i ' d just changed oh my
2055. done enough hang on a minute i ' m not quite sure about scrambled egg you ' re either cos it carries on cooking doesn ' t it? what were you thinking? do you want some water? mm? what were you thinking? what i was just gonna go off on graphics in my head you see and i was thinking that maybe that one if it was portrait this one with a in it
2057. all their stuff the bsa all went to india mm and they ' re still making bsa ' s over there mm who left that door open? i think you did will you get me some water? yeah i got the water out yes okay thank you thank you they ' re really nice they had two bottles of wine between them all of them? what the bikers? all of them? mm
2058. all went to india mm and they ' re still making bsa ' s over there mm who left that door open? i think you did will you get me some water? yeah i got the water out yes okay thank you thank you they ' re really nice they had two bottles of wine between them all of them? what the bikers? all of them? mm red wine half a bottle each
2059. ' t i know i mean if you ' re a biker for me they put little glass like that just made for me and they found a jug for me that i used to have a jug of water for me you used to drink i know did and then i decided not to if you ' re dri if you ' re driving i don ' t know why i decided not to oh yes i know
2060. you ' re the one that drives home well i always get to be the one that drives now mm makes me laugh cos the only thing she likes in a in a pub or anything is tap water she quite specifically goes up and asks tap water please with ice and lemon mm no no you don ' t i don ' t say tap water i just say water yeah well they normally give a bottle if
2061. i always get to be the one that drives now mm makes me laugh cos the only thing she likes in a in a pub or anything is tap water she quite specifically goes up and asks tap water please with ice and lemon mm no no you don ' t i don ' t say tap water i just say water yeah well they normally give a bottle if you ask for that yeah oh i see tap
2062. she likes in a in a pub or anything is tap water she quite specifically goes up and asks tap water please with ice and lemon mm no no you don ' t i don ' t say tap water i just say water yeah well they normally give a bottle if you ask for that yeah oh i see tap water make sure it ' s tap water yeah i hate bottled water fizzy water i don '
2063. in a pub or anything is tap water she quite specifically goes up and asks tap water please with ice and lemon mm no no you don ' t i don ' t say tap water i just say water yeah well they normally give a bottle if you ask for that yeah oh i see tap water make sure it ' s tap water yeah i hate bottled water fizzy water i don ' t get fizzy
2064. with ice and lemon mm no no you don ' t i don ' t say tap water i just say water yeah well they normally give a bottle if you ask for that yeah oh i see tap water make sure it ' s tap water yeah i hate bottled water fizzy water i don ' t get fizzy water no i don ' t get it mm we all drink tap we both drink tap water
2065. you don ' t i don ' t say tap water i just say water yeah well they normally give a bottle if you ask for that yeah oh i see tap water make sure it ' s tap water yeah i hate bottled water fizzy water i don ' t get fizzy water no i don ' t get it mm we all drink tap we both drink tap water now so you ' re great going
2066. don ' t say tap water i just say water yeah well they normally give a bottle if you ask for that yeah oh i see tap water make sure it ' s tap water yeah i hate bottled water fizzy water i don ' t get fizzy water no i don ' t get it mm we all drink tap we both drink tap water now so you ' re great going in a pub cos
2067. say tap water i just say water yeah well they normally give a bottle if you ask for that yeah oh i see tap water make sure it ' s tap water yeah i hate bottled water fizzy water i don ' t get fizzy water no i don ' t get it mm we all drink tap we both drink tap water now so you ' re great going in a pub cos all all of
2068. well they normally give a bottle if you ask for that yeah oh i see tap water make sure it ' s tap water yeah i hate bottled water fizzy water i don ' t get fizzy water no i don ' t get it mm we all drink tap we both drink tap water now so you ' re great going in a pub cos all all of the alcohol ' s got sugar in it
2069. make sure it ' s tap water yeah i hate bottled water fizzy water i don ' t get fizzy water no i don ' t get it mm we all drink tap we both drink tap water now so you ' re great going in a pub cos all all of the alcohol ' s got sugar in it going in a pub then you don ' t mind? well you have to buy something
2070. really quite nice carvery erm and it ' s four pounds i think four four pound fifty or something for a carvery mm which is fine cos we can sit there with a glass of water and have a carvery and she likes going there and i quite like the one at but then they last time i went there all the vegetables were overcooked where? is that? no it '
2071. plants and not the soil that ' s right mm but you aim at the base of it but then there ' s two or three different fire fire extinguishers yeah you can ' t put water on electrical yeah that ' s right the safest one to grab is the blue one ' s powder yeah and you use powder for anything are there any blue ones? no they ' re all red they
2077. do you think? i mean i ' m getting around five years later to actually choosing some photographs from of us from recent years so we can f put up on the wall can you get me some water? speak up can you get me some water? yes i can get you some water so but where am i gonna put my photos of me dressed up as a highwaywoman? everywhere everywhere can i have
2078. getting around five years later to actually choosing some photographs from of us from recent years so we can f put up on the wall can you get me some water? speak up can you get me some water? yes i can get you some water so but where am i gonna put my photos of me dressed up as a highwaywoman? everywhere everywhere can i have some more of the poppyseed bread?
2079. some photographs from of us from recent years so we can f put up on the wall can you get me some water? speak up can you get me some water? yes i can get you some water so but where am i gonna put my photos of me dressed up as a highwaywoman? everywhere everywhere can i have some more of the poppyseed bread? the poppyseed bread? yes you
2080. seventy? i don ' t know here we are it ' s seventy no but only for this little yeah i know it ' s random it does get a bit random yeah all i needed all that water but now i really need the loo uh funny no i ' m alright i think that little bit i managed to squeeze out in has seen me through feels nice yeah have another litre before bed if i
2081. wees it just is so annoying but yeah me too i think i ' m still detoxing you know it ' s nearly three weeks without alcohol now yes three weeks without alcohol erm losing water weight yep er from christmas and sugar weight and bloat uhu erm and erm these things happen takes what twenty - one days to break a habit or twenty - eight days i can '
2083. i should let you take the decision can i have a few more grapes? go on have two enjoy everything gonna enjoy every single grape quite nice to be fair aren ' t they? is there any water left mum? no just popop them in the bag and pop the bag on my knee and then i ' ll just break one off the bunch thank you bit better aren ' t they? i think
2084. on that i don ' t know you ' ll have to listen and make sure it sounds okay hopefully it will be oh dear me isa hungry i ' m really hungry thirsty as well you had that water didn ' t you? yeah are we gonna have a brew or are you gonna have a drink? when we get in? yeah erm don ' t i ' ll probably have a cup of tea
2085. ##s all her face her family do archery as well yeah but with archery there ' s always insurance malarkey yeah mm well i say malarkey very important but you can you pour me some water please? yeah about erm i went down to ' s erm parents ' evening and which was in the daytime as well so and i both went to that and erm how ' s doing?
2086. image stop poking me in my ribs tell me to stop that was the first time i did it you do it all the time there ' s some mum there ' s something in my drink is it water? there ' s loads of dots well let me know if it is hurting you it ' s hurting me now is it? yeah i don ' t know i don ' t know about the back of
2087. cleaned the surfaces of ooh of either the floor or work surfaces and it was like a mini vacuum cleaner but it was like a mini steam cleaner so with a tiny nozzle that did like hot water an and i just thought oh my god you would love that ooh i would love that yeah you look very excited birthday present please and then i thought gosh i really do need to get the carpets
2088. not yet i ' m doing the flowers well could you put the kettle on please? and er i ' m doing the flowers okay erm so yeah but if you p flicked the kettle on the water would boil while you ' re doing the flowers i i don ' t know does any i have does anybody want the england job? it ' s a different job isn ' t it? yeah you get
2089. the night? wewell you don ' t don ' t give him don ' t give him a meal well obviously not but yes he can still have some milk but why don ' t you try water and see how that ' s when i used to give you yeah yeah yeah erm those herbal juices instead yeah which was that like do they still do that? it was like a powder that went
2091. yeah yeah erm those herbal juices instead yeah which was that like do they still do that? it was like a powder that went in the water i think so yeah so it ' s really water so it ' s just the case of erm if they ' re not really hungry they ' ll go back to sleep on it mm yeah yes okey - doke we ' ll see yes i
2092. to two teaspoons do they tell you what to do with it there? cos i i didn ' t add anything i just one to two i ' d just add maybe a drop of water yeah when you mash it and when you boil it and obviously as it boils it goes to a mush yeah just reduce it down in a pan that ' s all fruit and i don '
2093. have? mm start by giving just one solid feed during the day at lunchtime yes apple choose a sweet variety of eating apple put into a heavy saucepan with four to five tablespoons of water so yeah mm hm heat and then or steam for the same amount of time puree oh they have pureed it after that? if steaming add some of the boiled water from the bottom of the steamer
2094. five tablespoons of water so yeah mm hm heat and then or steam for the same amount of time puree oh they have pureed it after that? if steaming add some of the boiled water from the bottom of the steamer to thin out the puree also apple and cinnamon as well i ' ll have some of that a bit for a bit for me and graduate to apple crumble then can
2097. we ' re not quite so hungry perhaps but we ' ve got to eat more in the day oh so we don ' t get up at night so we ' ll stop at night have you tried water at night or? no oh he won ' t go back to sleep on that does he have a lot to drink a lot of milk still then in the night? well he didn ' t actually at
2098. whole bottle but that was fair enough at five o ' clock and i thought well if he goes yeah well may well maybe the one o ' clock maybe try not giving him milk shall we try some water? if he you know maybe that ' s the one oh great thank you just all over me just to settle him a bit mm we shall see cos you can ' t tell us can you?
2099. garden over there with like flowers in the summer no way ah that ' s so nice man but is like you get it ' s like really cheap like nominal fee and then you get like erm water access and there ' s polytunnels yeah polytunnels? shit yeah? you have to book in but you can use them oh fuck man we can grow some shit in there how did
2101. the cost? what ' s the average? thirty - five pounds but i want a glass of sparkling wine yeah yeah yeah and curry and no you know it w it ' s cos anyone want water? we were at our friends ' place the french place do you know which used to be? no oh yeah and erm and it ' s like this really nice couple that have it now have you
2102. is it at? erm it ' s it ' s near erm the police station in oh is it? do you would like a glass of wat are you alright with that dad glass of water? no i never knew there was a police station there mm? never knew there was a police station there mm yes yeah so i did that on monday and then i ha but that well i erm
2103. they have to accept that they won ' t ever have an account because it ' s under your names mm she keeps rubbing her ears today i think it ' s her teeth she didn ' t get water in her ears? no she was rubbing them before i thought it was the dried banana tut your teeth hurting you? i thought it was the dried banana all over her oh dear never again leave a
2105. i think you ' re right i think you ' re right by the way when did you darling when did you last have your boiler serviced? never that ' s why we don ' t have hot water at the moment yeah well maybe maybe you should get it serviced yeah can ' t afford it oh once we finish off paying we ' re just gonna transfer the same standing orders but into our saving account yeah
2106. read that one wait a minute that ' s wait a minute let me just see hi i ' ll read it darling if you can ' t see just to let you know that has installed a new water pump controller for us oover all the oh god oh right well we ' ll catch up with you on friday oh that ' s nice god has installed a new water pump controller for us wow he '
2107. know that has installed a new water pump controller for us oover all the oh god oh right well we ' ll catch up with you on friday oh that ' s nice god has installed a new water pump controller for us wow he ' s amazing actually i like he ' s lovely yeah yeah plus overhauling the wc by fitting a complete new set of valves et cetera we are away for a couple
2109. so he went to me oh i ' ll go and get now but then my father goes so came in and my dad goes erm he ' s really kind that man he goes and gets me water and anything i want all the time he didn ' t know it was his brother yeah but came in and while he he said so how do you know then? i think they thought i was going there
2111. didn ' t hear the rest of the story cos i was that i couldn ' t handle what? ten seconds every sixty like yeah it ' s a joke we the shower generates its own hot water mm you can flush the toilet you can you can run a million taps in the house it never makes a difference the worst thing they had for a year was over christmas when everyone went home and i was
2112. thing they had for a year was over christmas when everyone went home and i was here for work and had turned off the heating when i was out so i got up for work there was no cold water so i had to i had like five pans on the stove had the kettle going trying to fill up a bath yeah it ' s not it ' s not great to be honest i think we we
2113. to fill up a bath yeah it ' s not it ' s not great to be honest i think we we had we ' ve got it at home where because of the farm like dad got the water sorted out i think but we ' ve got an electric shower because of the farm sometimes like if they ' re power washing or something we just get horrendous water pressure so oh like a dr
2114. farm like dad got the water sorted out i think but we ' ve got an electric shower because of the farm sometimes like if they ' re power washing or something we just get horrendous water pressure so oh like a dribble so yeah it comes out a dribble and it ' s really hot and it ' ll go stronger if you put it round down to the cold but yeah
2115. easy honestly i me and my mum went for a coffee at about half past ten we got back here at twelve i just chop chop chopped whacked it in a big saucepan with some boiling water oh wow and that ' s it? yeah and twenty minutes later i just whizzed it all up god very easy and very healthy mm mm cos i need to start being more healthy really
2116. ? yep was it onion butternut squash carrot garlic onion? no garlic even it ' s um oh potato sweet potato parsnip carrot celery and onion and that ' s it and water mm that ' s so healthy with a bit of black pepper and voil yeah no i i like getting er a bit adventurous with soups but at the moment i ' ll erm i ' m
2117. that you ' ve just mentioned that can be blended without having a fruit smoothie maker without having a a juicer oh soft fruit you don ' t need a juicer you just need to add water or coconut water or milk but i don ' t drink milk so you can no we ' re we ' re not allowed to either you ' re not a milk ppeople well i can ' t
2118. ve just mentioned that can be blended without having a fruit smoothie maker without having a a juicer oh soft fruit you don ' t need a juicer you just need to add water or coconut water or milk but i don ' t drink milk so you can no we ' re we ' re not allowed to either you ' re not a milk ppeople well i can ' t coconut water can
2119. water or milk but i don ' t drink milk so you can no we ' re we ' re not allowed to either you ' re not a milk ppeople well i can ' t coconut water can ' t or normal water oh and you add that and then the fruit blends anyway if it ' s bananas kiwis mangoes blend quite well dragon fruits blend really well just mixing with water
2120. ' t drink milk so you can no we ' re we ' re not allowed to either you ' re not a milk ppeople well i can ' t coconut water can ' t or normal water oh and you add that and then the fruit blends anyway if it ' s bananas kiwis mangoes blend quite well dragon fruits blend really well just mixing with water and lemon juice? yeah and
2121. can ' t or normal water oh and you add that and then the fruit blends anyway if it ' s bananas kiwis mangoes blend quite well dragon fruits blend really well just mixing with water and lemon juice? yeah and and a blender and a normal blender well i haven ' t got a blender oh god you need blender oh who doesn ' t have a blender?
2127. oh yeah hedge it yeah that ' s what we did in year nine hit your cheeks oh right yeah and then i got told off cos i didn ' t run didn ' t you take any water with you? so just splash it round you? no cos that and like me and this other pe teacher we hate each other you hate each other yeah? i hate her and she taught me for
2128. oh maybe you should just give up maybe or maybe she ' s got mildew you never know mm you can fill that up now okay i filled actually put another one in there if you want cold water oh no i ' m alright thank you oh i feel like an old woman i can barely walk why? oh dear from riding yesterday it ' s when i sit down for a long time do you well
2130. ' s a stupid name for stuff that is aloe vera that ' s good for stinging nettles and a black eye mm someone s drinks it at school but there ' s aloe vera water it don ' t smell nice oh yeah and it doesn ' t taste nice yeah it ' s like yeah yeah a lot of people fall for all these sort of things don ' t they? i mean
2131. lot of people fall for all these sort of things don ' t they? i mean they you you just because it ' s got something like that in it that sell like hotcakes like any water i mean water sell li more water now is sold in bottles than ever before and you you get the same out of the tap mm mm no most of the time you can get er you go and pay
2132. fall for all these sort of things don ' t they? i mean they you you just because it ' s got something like that in it that sell like hotcakes like any water i mean water sell li more water now is sold in bottles than ever before and you you get the same out of the tap mm mm no most of the time you can get er you go and pay ninety pence
2133. sort of things don ' t they? i mean they you you just because it ' s got something like that in it that sell like hotcakes like any water i mean water sell li more water now is sold in bottles than ever before and you you get the same out of the tap mm mm no most of the time you can get er you go and pay ninety pence for a bottle of
2134. is sold in bottles than ever before and you you get the same out of the tap mm mm no most of the time you can get er you go and pay ninety pence for a bottle of water and you can pay but i think a penny ha ' penny out of there yeah it ' s a different taste no it ' s not no it ' s not no i would drink the carbonated one
2135. know if it is carbonated is awful what carbonated sparkling in the bottles? that tastes bitter in bottles yeah yeah oh i don ' t like that oh see i wouldn ' t i like sparkling water yeah but he does tasting for that one yeah cos it ' s sparkling yeah but you er you have done well i do like sparkling oh his own water no sparkling water ' s disgu i
2136. see i wouldn ' t i like sparkling water yeah but he does tasting for that one yeah cos it ' s sparkling yeah but you er you have done well i do like sparkling oh his own water no sparkling water ' s disgu i don ' t no pay more to a known water if you put it through a filter then it ' s then you he likes the sparkling thing yeah yeah co
2137. ' t i like sparkling water yeah but he does tasting for that one yeah cos it ' s sparkling yeah but you er you have done well i do like sparkling oh his own water no sparkling water ' s disgu i don ' t no pay more to a known water if you put it through a filter then it ' s then you he likes the sparkling thing yeah yeah cos there '
2138. ##s it ' s sparkling yeah but you er you have done well i do like sparkling oh his own water no sparkling water ' s disgu i don ' t no pay more to a known water if you put it through a filter then it ' s then you he likes the sparkling thing yeah yeah cos there ' s flavoured that ' s carbonated though that ' s doesn ' t taste
2139. put it through a filter then it ' s then you he likes the sparkling thing yeah yeah cos there ' s flavoured that ' s carbonated though that ' s doesn ' t taste like water it tastes like strawberry milk did you know the water in i think london has passed through people about five times and you can drink it? it ' s true isn ' t it? yeah and you had
2140. you he likes the sparkling thing yeah yeah cos there ' s flavoured that ' s carbonated though that ' s doesn ' t taste like water it tastes like strawberry milk did you know the water in i think london has passed through people about five times and you can drink it? it ' s true isn ' t it? yeah and you had water in london well i have water everywhere i had
2141. tastes like strawberry milk did you know the water in i think london has passed through people about five times and you can drink it? it ' s true isn ' t it? yeah and you had water in london well i have water everywhere i had it ' s all recycled stuff london water well most water is it ' s all all purified it used to be it is it ' s not that '
2142. know the water in i think london has passed through people about five times and you can drink it? it ' s true isn ' t it? yeah and you had water in london well i have water everywhere i had it ' s all recycled stuff london water well most water is it ' s all all purified it used to be it is it ' s not that ' s how it used to b
2143. about five times and you can drink it? it ' s true isn ' t it? yeah and you had water in london well i have water everywhere i had it ' s all recycled stuff london water well most water is it ' s all all purified it used to be it is it ' s not that ' s how it used to b but they ' ve changed it all now yes they have
2144. and you can drink it? it ' s true isn ' t it? yeah and you had water in london well i have water everywhere i had it ' s all recycled stuff london water well most water is it ' s all all purified it used to be it is it ' s not that ' s how it used to b but they ' ve changed it all now yes they have changed it no
2145. to be it is it ' s not that ' s how it used to b but they ' ve changed it all now yes they have changed it no they ' re still they ' re still recycled water london has got recycled water more than anyone cos it ' s so big? yeah well yeah well all water ' s recycled all water ' s yeah recycled that creeps me out every single drop goes
2146. ' s not that ' s how it used to b but they ' ve changed it all now yes they have changed it no they ' re still they ' re still recycled water london has got recycled water more than anyone cos it ' s so big? yeah well yeah well all water ' s recycled all water ' s yeah recycled that creeps me out every single drop goes up to and down again
2151. mm and water ' s been on this earth for millions of years people have been on this earth for millions of years so has wildebeest and everything else and they ' ve all passed the same water we drink just think about all the fish when they pee in it yeah yeah mm yeah i mean fish wee? and it ' s er we didn ' t like the cornish water did we? no we
2152. all passed the same water we drink just think about all the fish when they pee in it yeah yeah mm yeah i mean fish wee? and it ' s er we didn ' t like the cornish water did we? no we didn ' t like the cornish water no we couldn ' t drink that much was it cos it was really it was really soft or yeah or was it hard? er it
2153. fish when they pee in it yeah yeah mm yeah i mean fish wee? and it ' s er we didn ' t like the cornish water did we? no we didn ' t like the cornish water no we couldn ' t drink that much was it cos it was really it was really soft or yeah or was it hard? er it was soft soft and some and bitterish hard up north yeah
2156. bitterish hard up north yeah very bitter and then it was very bitter they liked it up there mm hard water is better yeah yeah we have got a hard water newcastle we ain ' t got hard water in this part well like newcastle there ' s a part of the country that ' s soft i think is it? oh right i don ' t know that area what is? newcastle that area is it
2158. me slightly you look so simple that ' s the plan simple simple simple did the flowers come in that vase as well? dunno no they came in a little erm you know like a little water sack like they do in? oh yeah yeah and it had like it was really cute actually it had like erm like orange like fabric round the outside and then like the plastic cellophane as well
2159. is cauliflower dolchelatte or minestrone okay? okay great would you like to order some drinks now? yes please yeah? um erm can i get just get some tap water for now actually? tap water and can i have a large er please? fantastic thank you er something that ' s no not the one you do here yeah the the large of beer yeah the big one
2160. ##elatte or minestrone okay? okay great would you like to order some drinks now? yes please yeah? um erm can i get just get some tap water for now actually? tap water and can i have a large er please? fantastic thank you er something that ' s no not the one you do here yeah the the large of beer yeah the big one okay erm normal starter?
2161. ? it ' s just the drug for like when you get asthma people right possibly not it ' s just very common um the point of our ones is two - fold firstly um it it uses um water? yes thank you? thank you are you ready to order? i think so yes please yes i think so yeah? brilliant what can i get you? erm to start with can we get the
2162. again it had run into a series of space battles and it was like yeah it was like well this isn ' t very interesting whereas yeah the first one there was aliens it was just we have no water no there were aliens briefly the blue ones? so yeah the blue ones yeah the they are a bit weird though because they they didn ' t really do any they you know it wasn ' t a battle
2163. ##ness by not adding too much parmesan cheese okay but i mean risotto you know it ' s so simple as a recipe mm just like the you know i use the broccoli water the the stock from boiling the broccoli yeah and add that as the base for the chicken stock okay so there ' s a bit more depth to the stock and then you know i also and then
2165. ready shall we retire? yeah time to go erm in seventeen minutes seventeen minutes? yes oh that ' s quite soon i ' ll take this one throw that because it ' s getting stale now water what ' s that? the water oh oh dishwasher ' s on yep good thank you for the coffee okay
2166. to go erm in seventeen minutes seventeen minutes? yes oh that ' s quite soon i ' ll take this one throw that because it ' s getting stale now water what ' s that? the water oh oh dishwasher ' s on yep good thank you for the coffee okay
2167. at three yeah so well she doesn ' t always finish at three yeah she but she finishes at like four and then there ' s time to oh she wasn ' t watering plants she was getting some water for the iron ah that ' s what she was doing but the garden at my mum ' s was like i wish we ' d bought a house with a smaller garden house has the garden oh mm i
2168. two other like accessories things mm no i can ' t i can ' t tell you i think i might get her stuff from places like i think i might get her a scarf or like a hot water bottle or like i don ' t know like stuff that she likes like makeup yeah nail varnish yeah i need to get something just get what i get ' s not fussy any nail varnish i
2176. s just go in the normal bin so whatever okay cos i put plastic in there yeah that ' s fine right should i put these on? i think the carrots first and then put hot water might help who drew that? oh he ' s quite good right and then er oo shall we start laying the table? how long does the broccoli take? broccoli doesn ' t
2177. ? yeah nice and cold? yeah this is gonna sound brilliant in the recording yeah oh i forgot that was still on that ' s the idea people do that ' s the idea where ' s my water gone? this water? did i take it away? you cl you cleared it away do you want it back? yeah i don ' t i ' m not finished with it this is my d my
2178. cold? yeah this is gonna sound brilliant in the recording yeah oh i forgot that was still on that ' s the idea people do that ' s the idea where ' s my water gone? this water? did i take it away? you cl you cleared it away do you want it back? yeah i don ' t i ' m not finished with it this is my d my evening drink so no
2181. zero reaction there i thought like what? yeah what? what? what? it ' s only that it ' s just a thing that does i i i ' ll say something like just pass that water? and he ' ll say please i ' ll say you know i mean please it ' s implied yeah you know i mean please yeah it ' s easy to forget your pleases innit yeah?
2184. sixty oh right well it he gave it me and i picked it up and i there ' s nothing in it and i looked at him and he said would you like it ' s all some hot water? cos it ' s just a powerful two shots oh right for one pound sixty i said yes please could you oh fill it up? and he filled it said i ' ll fill it up with
2185. ##s it ' s just a powerful two shots oh right for one pound sixty i said yes please could you oh fill it up? and he filled it said i ' ll fill it up with hot water for you and then it was weak as anything oh so er you ' re better just going for a nor i like like the mocha ' s alright so i had that and that was after and i
2186. ##kers thing to do to take them a computer and so they could work the computer she had to buy a generator so that they had electricity to run the computer oh and they haven ' t got fresh water they spend a lot of money oh putting wells in for them oh yeah you know and now they ' re going to see wha or the whole world has got and they don ' t want to be
2188. and the tubas go mm yeah yeah yeah okay erm well so we i ' ll keep an eye out the main what problem with those growbags is you can kill them by putting too much water in them yes you can yes you can yeah yeah i did that with my neighbour at oh i and i hadn ' t experienced them before yeah and i watered them dili er diligently every day
2189. yeah yes they do don ' t they? mm mm mm yeah but mm but i tend to feel the feel the top of the compost and if it ' s really dry really dry mm i water it yeah and i water it quite well then and then yeah leave it you know? mm well they ' re doing very well our tomatoes yeah very well aren ' t they? yeah and that ' s
2190. ' t they? mm mm mm yeah but mm but i tend to feel the feel the top of the compost and if it ' s really dry really dry mm i water it yeah and i water it quite well then and then yeah leave it you know? mm well they ' re doing very well our tomatoes yeah very well aren ' t they? yeah and that ' s only a week away i
2191. don ' t know what the farmers use them for right he worked out put one on top of the other he got a pump connected to it and the bottom one collected waste the top one had clean water in it he had taps running right round and the big sign at the top saying oh and now you ' ve visited the animals wash your hands sort of thing yeah wrapped right round oh no that was underneath
2193. he ' d made made basins out of cutting that tube stuff yeah that black stuff yeah chopped it in half put an ends on that ' s it yeah oh er so there were little where the water water ran into right so you you pushed a button water ran out and you rinsed that that there was er gel and and soap all round and then the waste oh er it it just then funnelled into
2194. tube stuff yeah that black stuff yeah chopped it in half put an ends on that ' s it yeah oh er so there were little where the water water ran into right so you you pushed a button water ran out and you rinsed that that there was er gel and and soap all round and then the waste oh er it it just then funnelled into into the into the bottom one oh right and he
2199. happened just in case i ' m sure she ' ll know i suppose she does know yeah what what what what? what to happen just in what would happen just in case yeah running around saying boiling water i need boiling water and a towel i would probably say i need a midwife he would say dressing room dressing room we need the dressing room yes we couldn ' t be much further from the dressing room
2200. i ' m sure she ' ll know i suppose she does know yeah what what what what? what to happen just in what would happen just in case yeah running around saying boiling water i need boiling water and a towel i would probably say i need a midwife he would say dressing room dressing room we need the dressing room yes we couldn ' t be much further from the dressing room or is there a
2201. no are you gonna come in come in the kitchen with me? oh god what do you want? a coffee? oh i ' ve just had a drink thanks i ' ll just have oh some water well i ' m gonna make a cup of tea did you like your your lunch today? erm yeah i did although it did have a funny taste to it why? i think that fajita
2202. s got cornflour in and it ' s that thick consistency isn ' t it? yeah i don ' t know it ' s probably just the chip shop curry ' s probably just this and water isn ' t it? and then we need to i dunno we need to make some chips then chip sho that ' s nice i don ' t think you can replicate chip shop curry i ' m
2203. i ' m sure there ' s a recipe somewhere only chip shops can make that i ' m sure they just buy it in frozen glutinous form or powdered form and then just pour water on it don ' t ruin the magic ruin the magic of chip shop curry? er i ' ve gone right off the idea of actually chip shop curry i don ' t know what you want for tea
2204. wouldn ' t i wouldn ' t take any unlike yourself begrudge me a bit of crust you have left that piece a bit of mess sorry i need a napkin now we ' ve got some water in the car so we have got a drink in the car? mm no it ' s days old it ' s days old and warm but you could wash your hands with it pardon me you ' ve
2205. why do you shake it up and it gets more carbon dioxidey? dunno is not bad for you drinking carbon dioxide? i think it would be alright i ' m gonna go and get that water wash my yeah handy pans ouch oh that bench is uncomfortable on your legs they ' ve not sanded down very much have they? i was worried i was gonna get tar stuck to me but
2206. to make it last for everyone so put your hands together and try and be useful i can ' t so as you ' re not i am useful that ' s your lot i ' m rationing water she ' s your hands aren ' t even dirty can i have some more? you ' ve got a bit extra want a bit more? thanks do you want a bit more? yeah more? you
2207. ##s you lot have been on your red wine every night and i ' ve had nothing oh aye have the yeah but you ' re not really not yeah you ' re not really i ' ve had water haven ' t i mum? water and cups of tea uhu you ' re not really an alky though are you? no but i enjoy partaking partaking perhaps a little sip a little su
2208. red wine every night and i ' ve had nothing oh aye have the yeah but you ' re not really not yeah you ' re not really i ' ve had water haven ' t i mum? water and cups of tea uhu you ' re not really an alky though are you? no but i enjoy partaking partaking perhaps a little sip a little sup did you want some wine?
2209. am i doing it? you don ' t drink tea you don ' t do you? it ' s for the look no i don ' t drink it you didn ' t even pour me a water or anything i ' ll get you a water i ' ll get myself a water alright then do you wanna bring the table over so you can put it down? yeah that ' s a good idea i
2210. drink tea you don ' t do you? it ' s for the look no i don ' t drink it you didn ' t even pour me a water or anything i ' ll get you a water i ' ll get myself a water alright then do you wanna bring the table over so you can put it down? yeah that ' s a good idea i call it a table it ' s actually some
2211. you? it ' s for the look no i don ' t drink it you didn ' t even pour me a water or anything i ' ll get you a water i ' ll get myself a water alright then do you wanna bring the table over so you can put it down? yeah that ' s a good idea i call it a table it ' s actually some kind of camping stool ta da thank
2213. i mean actually saying this there is a gene that we have yeah that the asians don ' t have don ' t have yeah we know that yeah i know that because we were purifying water by making beer but they were making tea for like a long time so yeah so affected them that ' s why they lotus tea or whatever kind of teas they have basically they they created ceramics too early
2218. ' ll get a new card through the post in a week or two in korea you get the card made for you right there and then in front of you they do it yeah or there ' s water in there they ' ll give you biscuits and food there ' s certain things are treated like a service still oh yeah but banking is still a service there oh banking has changed a little bit maybe since if
2219. s like oh right i ' ve had the neal ' s yard lavender one yeah it ' s a really nice smell it ' s it ' s it smells good it ' s just like a lavender water really oh right and it ' s a really nice smell yes and it ' s very hard to rub in it is a bit hard to rub in though it was a bit like you know zinc oxide baby
2221. can you have pasta here? i haven ' t for some time well because it contains egg does pasta is it ' s a bit of a tricky thing mm pasta can be just durum wheat and water mm which tastes that would fulfil all the requirements it matches typically er made in the south of italy but if you ' re in the north of italy they do pasta a bit differently and they throw
2222. italy but if you ' re in the north of italy they do pasta a bit differently and they throw an egg in as well mm they ' re made with egg egg durum wheat egg or and water which is not so supposed to have it that could be a problem then mm potentially mm i ' m having a little bit more now aren ' t i so mm yeah that ' s good and you seem
2224. ve got a bit of bun on your nose ah still there i shouldn ' t eat it just in case it isn ' t have you caught it? think so but you can just just with your water er drink a change of drinking water mm it can i mean for example er sheffield area is is very soft water here we ' re hard water mm mm they say soup er actually mm mm it is mm
2225. your nose ah still there i shouldn ' t eat it just in case it isn ' t have you caught it? think so but you can just just with your water er drink a change of drinking water mm it can i mean for example er sheffield area is is very soft water here we ' re hard water mm mm they say soup er actually mm mm it is mm? mm and when er our and
2228. actually mm mm it is mm? mm and when er our and when to on their big european tour into russia er moscow as well er they was told don ' t even clean your teeth with tap water no tap water at all you would think russia mm would have a good weren ' t they? mm i said that ' s right it was all bottled water that they drank mm it ' s like that
2229. it is mm? mm and when er our and when to on their big european tour into russia er moscow as well er they was told don ' t even clean your teeth with tap water no tap water at all you would think russia mm would have a good weren ' t they? mm i said that ' s right it was all bottled water that they drank mm it ' s like that in greece is
2230. ' t even clean your teeth with tap water no tap water at all you would think russia mm would have a good weren ' t they? mm i said that ' s right it was all bottled water that they drank mm it ' s like that in greece is it? mm mm mm i ' m really surprised when you erm you know just having a look at railways it ' s er er nice
2231. the temperature it does know the temperature but the good thing is it ' s chillies so they grow in like deserts and shit so in theory you don ' t you wouldn ' t need to ever water it which is obviously what i ' m doing eh yeah with that all that whole swimming pool set underneath that there yeah that little pool yeah that little he yeah got a bit carried away yep so i might
2232. eh yeah with that all that whole swimming pool set underneath that there yeah that little pool yeah that little he yeah got a bit carried away yep so i might drain that away and give it a bit water actually that ' s a bit grim but there is like compost and stiff out there and flower pots so i ' m thinking i might do that at the weekend chuck them in those pots yeah got a
2236. bought it didn ' t she? well my mum it ' s my mum ' s my mum mum always buys loads of shit and always buys mulled wine she just loves it so has it got water in it? yeah it ' s a water bottle yeah what is it? water bottle in french can ' t remember me neither bouteille no don ' t think so isn ' t it? dunn
2237. mum it ' s my mum ' s my mum mum always buys loads of shit and always buys mulled wine she just loves it so has it got water in it? yeah it ' s a water bottle yeah what is it? water bottle in french can ' t remember me neither bouteille no don ' t think so isn ' t it? dunno is it? i don ' t think
2238. s my mum mum always buys loads of shit and always buys mulled wine she just loves it so has it got water in it? yeah it ' s a water bottle yeah what is it? water bottle in french can ' t remember me neither bouteille no don ' t think so isn ' t it? dunno is it? i don ' t think so it doesn ' t sound right
2239. don ' t think so isn ' t it? dunno is it? i don ' t think so it doesn ' t sound right maybe it is i take it back let me look at it water ' s there yeah i ' m thinking tasse but that ' s cup isn ' t it? yes tasse is the yeah what did i say? reply oh in thai probably is it? oh
2240. we went to a restaurant he didn ' t even say hola he was like hello we want to order this and i want to order this and then i want to order that and a bottle of water please which is perfectly fine you know like it was like obviously the waiters and everybody understood english and it it was fine but it was just how he did it was just so mm tourist like it was
2243. do you want white completely milk or do you want? whatever ' s the best way to have it yeah i would do it complete with milk yeah i normally only have like a bit of milk and water but i ' m happy to go with whatever it ' s skimmed milk so it ' s not as like yeah that ' s fine i don ' t mind yeah yeah okay a little bit i bought a
2244. yours strong your hot chocolates or like sort of medium? cos it says something like four teaspoons me and usually put like two oh i put four in and then just mixed it with water but do you want four then? three is supposed to be oh i ' ll just have whatever it ' s fine you ' ll be jealous of mine i ' m just quite concerned that it ' s
2245. ##m egg no you need butter fold the butter lightly ' s got the you go and have a look at the recipe combine the mixture with a egg er you get all the different types like flour and water i think so they ' re so so you just end up with a big if i get the right sugar for a cookie that stuff for a chocolate chip cookie dough well what ' s corn stuff what does
2246. agree that was another reason why i kind of think this year is a good year to go away cos granny doesn ' t need me to push her around in a bath chair now is there any water here? no it was mistake to not buy some in the petrol station but i was so bamboozled by paying first i couldn ' t kind of it was confusing if i ' d stayed in that
2248. ##art humphrey bogart that ' s right and and they were big they ' re big drinkers john huston and humphrey bogart not in the film though and they they didn ' t drink any water when they were filming it yeah and that ' s and the that kept them off cos th like she got like like like dysentery and stuff from drinking water she got ill yeah um but
2249. didn ' t drink any water when they were filming it yeah and that ' s and the that kept them off cos th like she got like like like dysentery and stuff from drinking water she got ill yeah um but they and they they never dr they only drank alcohol so they never got um never got poisoned but uh but she got badly poisoned uh but um there was a lot of like
2251. oh you can ' t lift a kettle these days if you got a light kettle after a couple of weeks you probably could as long as you don ' t fill it but i ' ve got hot water on my coffee machine so i can do coffee hot water on that nescafe lift the pod nescafe? oh the nespresso yeah yeah although i ' ve got the other one which is
2252. you got a light kettle after a couple of weeks you probably could as long as you don ' t fill it but i ' ve got hot water on my coffee machine so i can do coffee hot water on that nescafe lift the pod nescafe? oh the nespresso yeah yeah although i ' ve got the other one which is erm the ground beans one bean to cup so yeah
2256. we ' re going in the hot tub it ' s too late so that ' s why i just suddenly thought now but no it ' s er would you like a coffee or a tea or a water or a squash or a? erm a squash would be lovely thank you chocolate soya milk or? no thank you just a squash would be nice thank you i need to get some more teabags
2262. bit easier i think i know why it ' s much hotter than normal another two in there was a thing a news mm about thing about how dangerous my pancake it ' s it is to boil water in a microwave children wow you should never why? really boil water in a microwave why? because it doesn ' t boil it doesn ' t come to boiling point like it would do if you were doing
2263. normal another two in there was a thing a news mm about thing about how dangerous my pancake it ' s it is to boil water in a microwave children wow you should never why? really boil water in a microwave why? because it doesn ' t boil it doesn ' t come to boiling point like it would do if you were doing a kettle or the saucepan the way it heats it it gets
2264. and microwave it and then as soon as it has contact with something it explodes really? in the cup? so someone lost an eye oh my gosh because they kept microwaving their cup of water and they checked it and then as soon as they tttouched it the cup it exploded in their face really? yes really is that what er that ' s crazy so some people use a conductor like
2265. so some people use a conductor like they ' ll put a wooden spoon in or something but just don ' t bother i think i think that ' s my message to you don ' t ever boil water in your mummy no that ' s just silly microw it would never occur to me d don ' t tell me that now i ' ve got an image of a bloody eye of a bloody eye?
2266. creepy one second one second before well i belie yes but you ' ve got to do the beep i don ' t like the beep what it would never occur to you to to put water in a microwave put it in a microwave? no i know well i guess if people don ' t have a kettle i mean a oh come on yeah i ' m waiting for my chocolate eat that pan
2267. quite something because yeah yeah er erm when i went to see karsiyaka pond and they ' d planted all those trees en route and oh erm that ' s nice oh yeah er water and coffee for sale at all the stops yeah that i had there yeah yeah and they provided dixi cabins so people could go to the toilet on the yeah yeah so it was a well mm organised mm
2268. there i might make a cup of tea in a minute did oh where have you dipped your tail? might be in his water bowl he ' s got a matted bit at the end dear did you manage to send that link to our new friends? no but i will do it this evening like you to otherwise we ' ll
2269. what flavour is it? oh oh mangoes and passion oh do you want a few crisps to go with it? yeah is that glass alright? yeah i ' m gonna have to taste your water later though why? because well cos do you not like it where you are? yeah we ' ve been drinking and we ' ve been like it tastes weird like oh yeah? yeah cos this
2270. though why? because well cos do you not like it where you are? yeah we ' ve been drinking and we ' ve been like it tastes weird like oh yeah? yeah cos this water was supposed to be really pure around here yeah i don ' t know i think but it feels different as well like when i wash my hands it feels different on my skin really? yeah it ' s
2281. of like everything gets dried pretty quickly cos there ' s not much yeah moisture to it is there? no but sometimes though i start things up with fire light and then add a little bit of water you know when you ' re frying something ah and it keeps drying out? yeah you know quorn chicken pieces are really bad for that sometimes no it ' s not that i find mushrooms are bad
2282. dear the world is made of chemicals well that was pretty much what i wrote and of course that was the right answer but that ' s one step away from the biology question about what the plants need water sunlight ice cream come on i ' ve told you that story before it was in the multiple choice section and one of the choices it had was ice cream ah i don ' t know but i think i
2284. do microwaves they weren ' t putting those arguments against microwaves they were just saying yeah there there there there there ' s microwaves and and and microwaves heat up water and there ' s water in people oh miss erm of all the possible arguments you can bounce against mobile phones imagine that stupid br - engine thing they made us do at remember that? yes the the drink lots of water because
2285. water in people oh miss erm of all the possible arguments you can bounce against mobile phones imagine that stupid br - engine thing they made us do at remember that? yes the the drink lots of water because you ' re you you ' re brain needs water to function because it ' s it it it your brain runs on electricity electricity and water conducts electricity where do you even start with that and i think
2286. arguments you can bounce against mobile phones imagine that stupid br - engine thing they made us do at remember that? yes the the drink lots of water because you ' re you you ' re brain needs water to function because it ' s it it it your brain runs on electricity electricity and water conducts electricity where do you even start with that and i think it ' s the same people who said that the water
2291. to doing bathrooms and things you don ' t want the feed from wherever it ' s coming from you want it from yeah wherever else in the bathroom you it ' s so there ' s a cold water feed just a yard to the left how do you mean? goes into the boiler? no to the other side of the right i mean it ' s just tap er capped off yeah but it was where
2292. quite different yeah? yeah i suppose it is ac well the bath ' s not that good er well the bath is hopeless you can ' t get a ba the bath ' s alright maybe the hot water ' s not a good you ca er you can ' t have a bath here because it runs in so slowly are you sure? that the hot yeah the hot goes cold as it ' s filling up
2293. right yeah if i ' d thought about it i would have done braised carrots but it ' s mm braised carrots? braised braised in what? just a little bit of water just so it boils off then you ' ve just got butter garlic and they caramelise quite tasty you you can just steam some yeah that ' s what i wanna do now oh just be
2295. s the other yeah is it ouzo is the? yeah ouzo yes now ouzo i can ' t drink at all actually oh yes that ' s a the the greeks drink it mixed with water usually oh well so the french yes yeah the it ' s pastis isn ' t it? yes yes yes i think it ' s disgusting it ' s er it ' s aniseed isn '
2296. it you know to sort out your consider reducing the size of the window so that the basin just bring it up so that you could bring your sink in underneath the window where there ' s already a water supply well that yeah doesn ' t matter yeah about that but it just means it frees up more wall space for everything else cos er that window ' s really low and actually it ' s quite
2300. that was what in the nineteen forties i suppose right er or fifties even well i remember reading a biography of enid blyton and the cottage where she was living had a well for the water oh right well i mean not one of yeah one of the cottage obviously she didn ' t only live in one house all her life but mm one of the places where she lived mm er and being quite
2301. the olympics i was camping for three weeks you know mm and it ' s not that i haven ' t camped before but i think cos it was a longer period mm and i was going for water and you know mm bring it back and then and we had to use quite a lot because we had to wash our uniform as well right so i had like a big bucket and then erm a plunge
2302. boys in work to do that and and then you do it and it creates enough bubbles and it it cleans quite well in er right in your bucket so we ' re doing that obviously loads of water so when i came home to have water on tap mm oh cold water on tap was brilliant but to have hot water on tap yes you know even now sometimes oh hot water on tap it ' s amazing
2303. then you do it and it creates enough bubbles and it it cleans quite well in er right in your bucket so we ' re doing that obviously loads of water so when i came home to have water on tap mm oh cold water on tap was brilliant but to have hot water on tap yes you know even now sometimes oh hot water on tap it ' s amazing you know well the but first you know
2304. creates enough bubbles and it it cleans quite well in er right in your bucket so we ' re doing that obviously loads of water so when i came home to have water on tap mm oh cold water on tap was brilliant but to have hot water on tap yes you know even now sometimes oh hot water on tap it ' s amazing you know well the but first you know mm i lived for two years
2305. well in er right in your bucket so we ' re doing that obviously loads of water so when i came home to have water on tap mm oh cold water on tap was brilliant but to have hot water on tap yes you know even now sometimes oh hot water on tap it ' s amazing you know well the but first you know mm i lived for two years in japan with no hot water on tap yeah
2306. doing that obviously loads of water so when i came home to have water on tap mm oh cold water on tap was brilliant but to have hot water on tap yes you know even now sometimes oh hot water on tap it ' s amazing you know well the but first you know mm i lived for two years in japan with no hot water on tap yeah yeah erm i was yeah filling the bath with cold
2307. have hot water on tap yes you know even now sometimes oh hot water on tap it ' s amazing you know well the but first you know mm i lived for two years in japan with no hot water on tap yeah yeah erm i was yeah filling the bath with cold water and heating up well you know turning like gas on and hit would heat up did you oh no know anybody who had one of
2308. tap it ' s amazing you know well the but first you know mm i lived for two years in japan with no hot water on tap yeah yeah erm i was yeah filling the bath with cold water and heating up well you know turning like gas on and hit would heat up did you oh no know anybody who had one of those? oh that sounds a bit dangerous but when i first went out there
2310. erm and so a lot of the of people when i first went out a lot of of i and and quite a few of my colleagues have this sort of bath where you filled it with cold water and you you had a sort of plastic cover that you put over it oh yeah erm and yeah to keep the heat in to keep the heat in mm and you erm an and in winter in
2311. you know i got this house which just had a hole in the floor yeah yeah you yeah and this funny wagon yeah comes round every two months and yeah you ' re supposed to pour buckets of water down while they ' re clearing it out to up the you know and this little disembodied voice would shout arigato as you did it yes it ' s just really yes and it
2312. was foreign he was deemed that he he was not good enough to help with the extractions sort of thing so the other people had to come and help him you know to to throw buckets of water down and what have you but he was not able to do that right yes you know that ' s not you know a foreigner no no yes yeah er i had something like that in miyachi someone
2314. well wash your hands no on on the sink over there well that ' s just that ' s not washing them properly is it? right can you look but ' s doing it that ' s cold water so that ' s not washing our hands can you you can wait can you please tell me if the mach if the mixture is the same? does it look the same? yeah just about hang on i
2316. india yeah southern india oh like yeah you ge i you get it on a banana leaf yeah yeah you get the banana leaf and then you get all your stuff and then you have a little bowl of water to wash your hand in and yeah and then you throw the leaf in it ' s i mean it ' s tasty the around there they argue that half of the flavour is in the texture and i
2328. course i ' ve done that course i ' ve bought this i ' ve put in that because you ' re consultant it ' s so funny though what ' s happened since then because just drink this water cut a long story short no i can ' t cut a long story short at all erm what happened was i said well look can you check this with you? so she replied back and said co
2329. the house that will eat it she knows that oh yeah so she knows it ' s safe mm but the cat will go and have a little look yeah but the cat and the dog share the same water bowl yeah but the the the biscuits are too big for our cat to eat mm so yeah she ' s never has never gone hungry she ' s got no reason to to worry and and just eat it
2337. is not good for their tummies no so when hedgehogs when people use do leave milk out for them they used to do all sorts of terrible things to their tummies just leave water out for them yes yeah or bread or bread crusts i don ' t know i wouldn ' t have thought so cos that ' s not what they would normally eat in their diet they eat like
2343. right i would normally do that you ' re not oh you don ' t like cheese? no dairy i ' m not having any dairy at the moment oh right i told you mm i need some water why do you think you do it? i have no idea i ' m just really taking it no it ' s not there it ' s gone how often do you go to the? er i was
2344. that take forever to digest and get into your blood yeah but they don ' t seem to take that long like probably if you eat then with like raisins or something it helps you use more water and stuff for digesting fat and stuff don ' t you to break it down? yeah but they ' re good they ' re slow burners but they burn yeah i like raisins and nuts
2345. pigs have you ever seen there ' s a video on youtube somewhere this guy man he ' s totally serious he ' s doctor in korea like a chinese herbal medicinist and he claims that poo water from the poo of a six - year old boy is like he makes poo wine shut up and this woman this woman drinks it on a documentary he claims he ferments it with poo
2346. you feel more relief? hopefully yeah yeah er and with this flush thing it ' s not r it ' s not quite right what i wanted is a thing which you just really spray this stream of water up one nostril and then the water comes out of the other oh lovely er and it ' s with it it takes all of the insides of your nose okay erm it really clears you out
2347. and with this flush thing it ' s not r it ' s not quite right what i wanted is a thing which you just really spray this stream of water up one nostril and then the water comes out of the other oh lovely er and it ' s with it it takes all of the insides of your nose okay erm it really clears you out but what i ' ve got isn ' t
2348. i start using it but mm winter i ' m not not usually in the van that much erm what was i gonna say? er er er er er i ' ve just been drinking so much water the past few weeks i think cos i ' m exercising more and just thirsty mm in litres a day it ' s er good between three and four i think that ' s perfect yeah good enough for
2349. that every day yeah whereas you know lots of people don ' t drink anything er and they don ' t seem to feel thirsty i ' ve noticed that doesn ' t yeah she drinks coffee but never water she never needs a wee yeah i know in some ways it ' s completely stupid cos i ' m having loads of wees in the night but yeah it ' s a small price to pay i
2355. a shit atmosphere and if it was one to one that ' s how i feel then they wouldn ' t wanna have a beer and then it ' s like then they do and you ' re drinking water and then they like resent it and they yyou can you can tell they ' re a bit like on edge yeah and they feel judged but like at the end of the day like our society is
2356. society that ' s like how people think you know? it ' s like twenty - four seven i just find it so sad that you can ' t just meet up with your friends and like have water and like i don ' t know why it ' s like we ' re all trying to run from this thing called reality we can ' t just but the thing is i just found like you know like
2357. likes doing it ah it was really fun we made a really cool one together have you got it? yeah can i have the scissors? hang on i mean this those oh yes the okay i need water i ' m dying like it this tap here is a bit weird this bathroom one for water can you pass me the scissors? yeah yeah don ' t you wanna make one like that for? i '
2358. it? yeah can i have the scissors? hang on i mean this those oh yes the okay i need water i ' m dying like it this tap here is a bit weird this bathroom one for water can you pass me the scissors? yeah yeah don ' t you wanna make one like that for? i ' m kind of nervous about seeing and no i think it will be fine there ' ll be
2359. i ' m just saying cos i don ' t get it as bad yeah but you don ' t have history with them that ' s true er erm i ' m just gonna get some water shall i take the plates in or is it better to leave them here until you wash them up? er leave them sounds like there ' s a party in one of the other rooms on your floor in
2360. i know help it maybe i ' ve got erm stop freaking out chill out stay still for one minute what about yay those wings just stuck together oh no should we give him a bit of water? cos he can have a little wash he ' s getting such vip treatment what is he? crashed our lunch and now he ' s getting special yeah he probably should have a little water can i
2361. of water? cos he can have a little wash he ' s getting such vip treatment what is he? crashed our lunch and now he ' s getting special yeah he probably should have a little water can i like is there anyone who ' s not drinking their water? i can dip him yeah yeah like let him wash have a little bath oh don ' t drown him alright alright go on go on
2362. s getting such vip treatment what is he? crashed our lunch and now he ' s getting special yeah he probably should have a little water can i like is there anyone who ' s not drinking their water? i can dip him yeah yeah like let him wash have a little bath oh don ' t drown him alright alright go on go on mm i ' m just gonna yeah you can sort your own shit
2363. can do now i don ' t need any more bites what is he? i ' ve never seen one of them i don ' t know but his wings are stuck together with oil we need some water on top of him the water ' s completely like oh no maybe he needs to get rained on gently slightly are on him he won ' t get off like let go shall we briefly immerse him
2365. let go haven ' t got many insect that ' s going terribly it ' s all gone weird again are we recording this? shall we? we need to give him a name i wanna put some water on top of it but i can ' t but we need to think of a name before you do that horace horace? he just looks like a horace i wonder what he is what in case i don
2366. he ' s playing dead playing dead oh no he ' s washing himself i reckon on the the kind of cool yeah yeah do that on there i think that ' s an option there ' s no water left on there is that evaporated? yeah i ' m so shocked by the erm shocked by the thing oh no oh have we killed him? oh i think he has died ah are we
2367. we could revise our escape like whe like my mum always used to give like when i was little we used to give bees if they were looking a little bit worse for wear like sugar and water mm yeah put a drop of sugar and water next to them mm that ' s good i ' ve heard that you should give them honey yeah yeah but but sugar and water would have a similar yeah i
2368. like my mum always used to give like when i was little we used to give bees if they were looking a little bit worse for wear like sugar and water mm yeah put a drop of sugar and water next to them mm that ' s good i ' ve heard that you should give them honey yeah yeah but but sugar and water would have a similar yeah i sugar and water tried to go on i was
2369. for wear like sugar and water mm yeah put a drop of sugar and water next to them mm that ' s good i ' ve heard that you should give them honey yeah yeah but but sugar and water would have a similar yeah i sugar and water tried to go on i was about to say isn ' t that like isn ' t that weird like giving cows milk and i was like yeah but milk comes
2370. a drop of sugar and water next to them mm that ' s good i ' ve heard that you should give them honey yeah yeah but but sugar and water would have a similar yeah i sugar and water tried to go on i was about to say isn ' t that like isn ' t that weird like giving cows milk and i was like yeah but milk comes from cows and that ' s what they drink
2374. agony erm until and she just we would see the colour draining from her during the day you want to tell her to get erm maybe she ' s got one like one of those mini hot water bottles cos sometimes that can she has them yeah cos i cos i if my stomach ' s playing i use one of them i sit with one of them on my stomach and just sit and
2375. on she ' ll sit in a thick cardigan because windows are open and there ' s a nice breeze but she feels she really feels the cold erm and we must have four or five hot water bottles at any sta lines up near the kettle at any stage waiting to be filled up again yeah one of the girls got one for christmas from secret santa yeah as well cos hers was a bit
2377. ##s they spend a lot on their props and singing in the rain lost didn ' t it? it did but i think that was the expense of getting the mm the rain in the water said well water ' s can ' t cost much can it? no but getting it pouring down on a school stage might do yeah unbelievable but yeah it was really really good well i ' m going to actually look at
2378. get to the end or whatever they ' ll go over to side puke up well give a sort of acknowledgement so somebody knows to go down mm with a bucket of watbucket bucket of water and then they ' re and they ' re fine and then they carry on well er he was puking as he running past me i thought that was vile oh vile so eventually came in right and bless
2379. drank enough and she didn ' t drink for nearly a week after that little episode yeah i mean i i reme she put that on facebook i think cos somebody somebody bought her a drink of water didn ' t they? and somebody somebody said yeah oh say thank you to i can ' t remember who to say thank you to i can ' t remember what he looks like bless her so i think
2380. i don ' t need one i ' ve got rucksacks galore mm have a look in the cupboard see if there ' s one yeah yeah just to carry around a bigger bottle of water and stuff cos mm well i didn ' t bring the little bottle bought that bigger bottle anyway well i need er at least a bottle that size it ' s gonna last not very long is it?
2381. bigger bottle anyway well i need er at least a bottle that size it ' s gonna last not very long is it? i mean we can buy some more but mm they always rip you off for water in those types of places don ' t they? and you say there ' s plenty of food? oh yeah massi yeah massive food yeah there ' s big food big marquees and doing food
2382. you okay i ' m just teasing you okay there ' s some apple pie if you want it and no i ' m okay thank you some what? that is that one for you? what? water what? mm there ' s some apple pie left there ' s that one apple pies mm serving it to for tea mm must be time for okay mm okay oh these boys they do is increase my
2384. right that dara o ' brian o ' briain mm mm mm you know he said you know all this homoeopathy? mm mm and all this sort of thing he said is that water? mm it ' s sugar isn ' t it and yeah yeah and he says he says let me tell you all these old age remedies and grandmother ' s remedies he said what the
2385. ' s well it ' s just a gesture really isn ' t it for when you ' ve got little babies does anybody want a drink at all? er er no just well maybe a glass of water yeah water?? yeah a glass of water would be lovely thank you yeah i ' ve got wine and beer no i ' m alright i ' m driving water would be good what do you want darling
2386. well it ' s just a gesture really isn ' t it for when you ' ve got little babies does anybody want a drink at all? er er no just well maybe a glass of water yeah water?? yeah a glass of water would be lovely thank you yeah i ' ve got wine and beer no i ' m alright i ' m driving water would be good what do you want darling? nothing
2387. really isn ' t it for when you ' ve got little babies does anybody want a drink at all? er er no just well maybe a glass of water yeah water?? yeah a glass of water would be lovely thank you yeah i ' ve got wine and beer no i ' m alright i ' m driving water would be good what do you want darling? nothing tonic? nope no ta alright i
2388. no just well maybe a glass of water yeah water?? yeah a glass of water would be lovely thank you yeah i ' ve got wine and beer no i ' m alright i ' m driving water would be good what do you want darling? nothing tonic? nope no ta alright i think if you do get a present you should get and er one yeah maybe mm but unless you just get a a
2400. partly yeah i know i wonder if i should bring them in um and what i would maybe experiment with is just to get a little uh one of our little bowls and then you know a bit of water yeah and see if they br sprout? you soak you soak them for a while then you empty and leave just a bit of water then you put the cling film on the top
2401. little bowls and then you know a bit of water yeah and see if they br sprout? you soak you soak them for a while then you empty and leave just a bit of water then you put the cling film on the top and you leave them there in in the warm and yeah and once you ' ve sprouted them i guess you ' re okay to plunk them in
2402. the summer months are much less than twenty pounds they should hopefully be ten pounds a month so it was like it was last summer like well i mean even so far we only have it on for hot water now like we don ' t have any don ' t have any yeah i mean i deliberately like sort of i could see it was quite low you know it was eighteen there nineteen there and nineteen here but
2406. the door i was like no even even drunkenly i was like no yeah no there ' s no chance mm yeah no everyone else just does it everyone else is like i ' ll come with some water but i don ' t wanna be next to you while you ' re throwing up really but then they ' ll open the door and be like will you stay here? and i ' m like you '
2409. ever get that picture of from? yeah i got it yeah yeah is your rice ready? yeah it ' s kind of crunchy oh dear i don ' t know why did you not put enough water? how much did you put? i put one - and - a - half no but what is the just tell me your math four fifty babe four fifty no we can ' t help but we told
2411. luxury wouldn ' t it? got a towel i ' ve got a towel yeah that ' d be luxury wouldn ' t it? that would wouldn ' t it? yeah having a shed with running water and a sink that would wouldn ' t it? oh that ' d be good warm water hot water too i ' ve got a sink in my dairy huh? i ' ve got sink in the studio
2412. d be luxury wouldn ' t it? that would wouldn ' t it? yeah having a shed with running water and a sink that would wouldn ' t it? oh that ' d be good warm water hot water too i ' ve got a sink in my dairy huh? i ' ve got sink in the studio yeah you ' ve got a sink in the studio yeah yeah well what you need then is
2413. luxury wouldn ' t it? that would wouldn ' t it? yeah having a shed with running water and a sink that would wouldn ' t it? oh that ' d be good warm water hot water too i ' ve got a sink in my dairy huh? i ' ve got sink in the studio yeah you ' ve got a sink in the studio yeah yeah well what you need then is er that
2414. yeah you did that didn ' t you? that ' s what i did yes she was ill we were ill oh yeah the very first time we didn ' t have those campden tablets in our water mm we thought oh it ' s a lovely pretty beautiful stream coming down spring water must be totally pure just where we were camping yeah looks so lovely and er so we thought oh it will be alright tonight
2415. she was ill we were ill oh yeah the very first time we didn ' t have those campden tablets in our water mm we thought oh it ' s a lovely pretty beautiful stream coming down spring water must be totally pure just where we were camping yeah looks so lovely and er so we thought oh it will be alright tonight er we didn ' t have it and ah we were ill and we didn '
2416. ? could be yeah yeah yeah it could be that is yeah and er the houses on there and there was people talking about their grandparents who lived in these houses and they used to get all their drinking water out of the river yeah they used to just go yeah down there and stick the bucket in and that ' d be the yeah you know getting all the water yeah cos i mean they had no pipe
2417. and they used to get all their drinking water out of the river yeah they used to just go yeah down there and stick the bucket in and that ' d be the yeah you know getting all the water yeah cos i mean they had no pipe water or nothing no no and er obviously mm no wells or anything down there that ' s right so i suppose they just boiled it didn ' t they?
2418. of the river yeah they used to just go yeah down there and stick the bucket in and that ' d be the yeah you know getting all the water yeah cos i mean they had no pipe water or nothing no no and er obviously mm no wells or anything down there that ' s right so i suppose they just boiled it didn ' t they? must ' ve boiled it up? well it '
2420. oh that ' s really good water cos the red squiggly worms are in it cos the red squiggly worms wouldn ' t live wouldn ' t live in polluted water oh really? oh right no they tested the copper pipe that came out alright yeah but they had that well there for well they only used it for probably three four years or s yeah three years four years
2421. oh right no they tested the copper pipe that came out alright yeah but they had that well there for well they only used it for probably three four years or s yeah three years four years well the water board when we got the water you know woah we got the water the water got water on yeah the water ' s coming yeah the er the er the anglian water board said that they were going
2422. copper pipe that came out alright yeah but they had that well there for well they only used it for probably three four years or s yeah three years four years well the water board when we got the water you know woah we got the water the water got water on yeah the water ' s coming yeah the er the er the anglian water board said that they were going to start charging for everybody for
2423. they had that well there for well they only used it for probably three four years or s yeah three years four years well the water board when we got the water you know woah we got the water the water got water on yeah the water ' s coming yeah the er the er the anglian water board said that they were going to start charging for everybody for wells this is ages ago now mm and
2425. there for well they only used it for probably three four years or s yeah three years four years well the water board when we got the water you know woah we got the water the water got water on yeah the water ' s coming yeah the er the er the anglian water board said that they were going to start charging for everybody for wells this is ages ago now mm and they couldn ' t
2426. only used it for probably three four years or s yeah three years four years well the water board when we got the water you know woah we got the water the water got water on yeah the water ' s coming yeah the er the er the anglian water board said that they were going to start charging for everybody for wells this is ages ago now mm and they couldn ' t could they? be
2429. to start charging for everybody for wells this is ages ago now mm and they couldn ' t could they? becau they reckoned that the water underneath anybody ' s land belonged to anglian water yeah well it ' s a bit like america yeah america ' s got this idea that all the water belongs to them yeah the government yeah mm that ' s wrong ain ' t it? mm yeah well
2431. this idea that all the water belongs to them yeah the government yeah mm that ' s wrong ain ' t it? mm yeah well and it makes you wonder like if if er if you filled a water tub up when it rained would that be illegal? well that ' s right yeah would it? yeah if like theoretically it belongs to anglian water yeah yeah yeah that ' s really weird ain ' t
2434. right yeah you know yeah and then in in mm places like in california they ' re having horrendous droughts but they just keep putting deeper and deeper wells in and pumping more and more water out yeah and they ' re saying well you know this is not sustainable no mm and like the thing is you you know all the the big erm orange growers and that and fruit growers mm
2443. s not true actually the whole building you know the whole building is insured as a whole mm not er space by space by space likewise electricity bill likewise erm lightning rod maintenance gas certificate electric certificates water certificate blah blah blah blah mm then you add up a thousand here two thousand there yeah five thousand here twenty thousand for insurance whatever yeah oh absolutely get up to thirty - six without blinking completely and so when
2445. or a hundred? probably a hundred a hundred that ' s kinda like a fairytale but they made it erm but they made erm like if he ever got thirsty mm there ' s some water for him and in case he got scared of the dark they ' d get some they gave him some light so they might ah and i ' m not sure if fairies ever die? no i don '
2446. yeah going on and there ' s there ' s murder fratricide straightaway and then there ' s a whole tonne of incest in the first book right? can you pass me the water? yep anyway i ' d never even heard of and yes everyone ' s being it ' s deuce in the six five really? yeah so you might you just you just lost an advantage point who
2447. you don ' t have to my salary ' s a little yeah it ' s not as tasty as mine well i try i sometimes make them when it ' s very so are you just having water? well i ' m just having a because i painted for two hours and then i cleaned this kitchen for a full hour i heard you er i scraping down and i was so sweating it was hot er
2450. they ' re very much warm when you ' re going somewhere mm are you cold? do you want to are you cold? i was just a er yeah i was just a bit chilly the hot water are you warm? has it stopped? well don ' t worry no no just in case has it stopped talking to the boiler again? symbol on there? well it ' s it ' ' s up
2453. is why i ' m not living there now erm so yeah i think april time is or may time is sufficient it ' s got a wood burner and that ' s the only heating er water is alright the shower has a boiler where you don ' t touch a thing don ' t change the temperature do nothing and you should get warm water right erm that ' s funny yeah it is and
2454. burner and that ' s the only heating er water is alright the shower has a boiler where you don ' t touch a thing don ' t change the temperature do nothing and you should get warm water right erm that ' s funny yeah it is and then you sort of look out there ' s like a bit of a clearing and they ' ve got horses and cows and ducks and hens and
2455. s you know a big - sized room with just four windows no curtains yeah and yeah i thi i think just that volume of glass makes it really really cold and so i just take a hot water bottle up and have two blankets wear a fleece and when i get up for my first middle of the night wee i take my fleece off and i ' m fine for the rest of the night
2456. the lady that stands outside in? outside yeah oh my god i know i ' m tempted i think older polish women must have loads of secret layers of fat yeah or just be wrapped up in hot water bottles yes cos they stand outside in like minus fifteen degrees celsius well i suppose they ' ve had like eighty years to get used to the weather yeah they maybe have erm oh we are
2457. ' s kind of impossible erm i mean i don ' t mind cleaning the van myself but i maybe need somebody and i know you offered thank you to put coins in the thing to keep the water flowing yeah but also to read the instructions cos these things you know usually have a soap function yeah now where is parking? here we are i can pull in here can ' t i? yes mm
2460. mix them all together maybe you don ' t know what ' s what and now so hot oh it ' s hot mix it all together mix it all together now what i would do is add some water get a little jug of water a little jug of water it ' s all happening very quickly okay well if you can ' t stand the heat woah i was okay how much water? a little bit
2461. don ' t know what ' s what and now so hot oh it ' s hot mix it all together mix it all together now what i would do is add some water get a little jug of water a little jug of water it ' s all happening very quickly okay well if you can ' t stand the heat woah i was okay how much water? a little bit more no nnone yet
2462. ' s what and now so hot oh it ' s hot mix it all together mix it all together now what i would do is add some water get a little jug of water a little jug of water it ' s all happening very quickly okay well if you can ' t stand the heat woah i was okay how much water? a little bit more no nnone yet none yet woah in
2463. is add some water get a little jug of water a little jug of water it ' s all happening very quickly okay well if you can ' t stand the heat woah i was okay how much water? a little bit more no nnone yet none yet woah in my eye that chilli that ' s awesome this is great p you should put this on the youtube channel yeah yeah this '
2464. yeah i oh no i ' ve seen it yeah we should that ' s what how to fix the iphone that ' s what it should be like though oh yeah yeah yeah okay now we need some water cos this should okay then yeah i ' ve got the water here yeah turn it dow it ' s gonna fucking woah watch out everybody what? huh? that ' s er that ' s perfect
2465. ' s what how to fix the iphone that ' s what it should be like though oh yeah yeah yeah okay now we need some water cos this should okay then yeah i ' ve got the water here yeah turn it dow it ' s gonna fucking woah watch out everybody what? huh? that ' s er that ' s perfect that ' s perfect alright mix it up i wanna take the you
2468. man it was like i scrubbed it bits of yeah i scrubbed i haven ' t scrubbed anything ever harder ever bits that weren ' t originally dirty were like skeg dirty we need more er and then water and then he just gave up and left it just a tiny drop he was worried about his fingers smelling even more it ' s really hard to get like the cheese compartment out i know it ' s slightly
2469. are you ready? do you have everything? yeah babes i ' m ready but we ' re waiting for you guys no you guys go ahead and carry on alright okay dude well whatever get some water even though it doesn ' t help do you want s cutlery? gonna have to did you measure for his suit? no i ' m er no they like measured me though yeah i know but we
2470. it but i ' ll make it with a hot milk fine that ' s nice i ' ll make it and i ' ll make you a mocha or whatever it was didn ' t put enough water in that kettle put do you want one? er yes please do you want one? yes please are you sorry now? oh i tell you what cook it do boil the milk but use my coconut milk
2472. there ' s one that i ' ve enjoyed looking through they ' re absolutely fascinating and they ' re full of kind of age targeted gadgets you know yeah there ' s things to s furry hot water bottle slippers and you know a a tray with a cushion and a you know everything targeted to that age and you go through and you ' re absolutely riveted at what you can do yeah the
2473. be able to break it up actually cos it ' s an awful long way from you of course so er well have a good night ' s sleep and get off tomorrow morning oh a wa a water? okay that sounds very modest yes okay alright then mum so er we ' ll keep in touch and we ' ll tell you what ' s going on with our move you too alright mm speak to you
2474. p i ' ve seen it so many times mr darcy was she alright then did she say anything? yeah she said she just had er she just had a packet of crisps and a glass a water sounded like that ' s what she was having for tea she ' s always had her little just just the one just a little for me two thousand and five oh not that was the movie nineteen ninety -
2475. ' s what ' s happened i ' ve bought two pairs one of which i don ' t tell dad anything mean to return just which ones he likes best no okay all things considered crisps and water what ' s that? just simple no it ' s not food no it ' s not food i wouldn ' t be surprised if that ' s her tea course it is good job she ' s eaten
2476. all and i could hardly see out of my right eye it was horrible sso what did they do to you then? well they took me into a little place and they washed my eye out with water just with water because they hadn ' t got anything else at that time and i think i was shouting all the time ah ah oh ah you know and then they called for the ambulance i said i didn
2477. could hardly see out of my right eye it was horrible sso what did they do to you then? well they took me into a little place and they washed my eye out with water just with water because they hadn ' t got anything else at that time and i think i was shouting all the time ah ah oh ah you know and then they called for the ambulance i said i didn ' t want
2478. it in a few minutes oh well that ' s fine but she still she ' s still following the hero ' s journey otherwise she ' ll go marvellous otherwise she will go and drink some cheese water drink some cheese water? yeah i wonder what cheese water ' s like delicious i expect water - flavoured as cheese shall i just shall i just read you a i do understand shall i read you a
2479. minutes oh well that ' s fine but she still she ' s still following the hero ' s journey otherwise she ' ll go marvellous otherwise she will go and drink some cheese water drink some cheese water? yeah i wonder what cheese water ' s like delicious i expect water - flavoured as cheese shall i just shall i just read you a i do understand shall i read you a chapter? can i
2480. but she still she ' s still following the hero ' s journey otherwise she ' ll go marvellous otherwise she will go and drink some cheese water drink some cheese water? yeah i wonder what cheese water ' s like delicious i expect water - flavoured as cheese shall i just shall i just read you a i do understand shall i read you a chapter? can i just pause you for a moment?
2482. you ' ve been marooned on a desert island and one of your friends friends or one of the people on the boat with you has an injured leg right erm you need like food shelter and water mm what do you do? mm and it was this game of who resorts to cannibalism the quickest oh great life of pi all over again yeah it was weird somebody was just someone was
2485. where were were being really stupid and another thing they did which infuriated forfortunately we weren ' t involved erm they were charging people for erm electric light and heating hot water and heating yeah erm who who erm were not getting any er it ' s quite extraordinary and er they they let us know that they were going to disconnect the communal aerial there ' s
2491. sainsbury ' s? yeah are the sainsbury ' s about to deliverer a haggis or? what d ' you want in this one then? uh can you put some water in him for the noodles? is this thing turned up? yeah i dunno d it ' s just i think it ' s cos we ' ve got since we ' ve got that new pan
2492. a glass window in front and and it would create a kind of a phantom sort of figure on the in the glass and then mm reflective the photographer in it? the other one is if you got water on the lens it can create little little spots which can shine and look like uh a they ' re supposed to be orbs of energy orbs of energy or ufos or something oh me mam
2493. to make so this is uh you got what uh honey and soy? mm soy five spice mix in sauce there bit of lemon juice bit of chilli should put put a bit of uh bit of water in with that or? if you want to there ' s some juice in the fist right so could put that in i ' m aware of making it too runny though cos that ' s the
2495. then yeah we we wouldn ' t have to pay water would we? cos i suppose that ' s i don ' t even know yeah that means the next people are gonna get a fucking massive water bill which isn ' t theirs it won ' t be much will it? cos it ' ll be just one month one month yeah but my point is that if we don ' t pay it if
2496. ' t be much will it? cos it ' ll be just one month one month yeah but my point is that if we don ' t pay it if we we ' ve only paid one water bill from january through to june or july whenever and then if we don ' t get another water bill until like until if they don ' t get another bill until like january oh yeah i see that '
2497. but my point is that if we don ' t pay it if we we ' ve only paid one water bill from january through to june or july whenever and then if we don ' t get another water bill until like until if they don ' t get another bill until like january oh yeah i see that ' s gonna be our water bill isn ' t it? unless we ring up the water board water
2498. june or july whenever and then if we don ' t get another water bill until like until if they don ' t get another bill until like january oh yeah i see that ' s gonna be our water bill isn ' t it? unless we ring up the water board water company yeah or just sneak off and don ' t leave a no i ' m kidding let ' s not do that firstly cos
2500. bill until like until if they don ' t get another bill until like january oh yeah i see that ' s gonna be our water bill isn ' t it? unless we ring up the water board water company yeah or just sneak off and don ' t leave a no i ' m kidding let ' s not do that firstly cos it ' s in my name and i really really don ' t want
2503. make those again actually yes so they ' re a bit nostalgic quite a clever idea of theirs hm oh and i didn ' t do you want to try that elderf berry erm sparkling water? you want a glass of that? sounds nice yeah yes? shall i get some? would you like sparkling water? would you like some? or it ' s not your thing yeah i won '
2504. i didn ' t do you want to try that elderf berry erm sparkling water? you want a glass of that? sounds nice yeah yes? shall i get some? would you like sparkling water? would you like some? or it ' s not your thing yeah i won ' t for the moment cos i ' ve just had a glass of wine so i ' m ah yes don '
2506. ninety now and she makes elderflower wine yes mm i don ' t know about the wine it was the cordial i liked right so just so it ' s like a you know like squash just water it down non - alcoholic yeah but you need to buy citric acid to make it yeah which you can ' t get everywhere i think you have to go to the chemist to buy it online oh okay
2507. of brown envelopes when you arrive don ' t you? yeah yeah well luckily they haven ' t found me oh i must be not on their system either no electricity bill they ' re coming no water bill they ' re coming no council tax bill i must sort this out and it says dear occupier the only one that ' s found me is the tv licensing they find everybody but that yes
2509. ' t have a boiler do you not? no no well actually i have a boiler i don ' t have a hot water tank oh it ' s all done externally so oh is it? hot water is on all of the time oh oh wow with eon and it ' s by the erm by the airport and that ' s for the whole town oh i read about this somewhere the disadvantage is
2510. the whole town oh i read about this somewhere the disadvantage is it ' s a monopoly yes so we can ' t shop around yes just switch ours on don ' t i? mm yeah for hot water press the right button somewhere there was always hot by the morning hm yes so that ' s good it ' s hot all the time yeah until it breaks yeah then we ' re in trouble yes the good
2511. switch no switch these off i ' ll do it well they ' re both on that ' s why ah yeah they ' re that ' ll be why yeah well you ' ve drunk a lot of water today dad mm you ' ve drunk a lot of water today yeah i can ' t remember drinking any dear there you go i put this one off there you go this one is one here i think yes
2512. they ' re both on that ' s why ah yeah they ' re that ' ll be why yeah well you ' ve drunk a lot of water today dad mm you ' ve drunk a lot of water today yeah i can ' t remember drinking any dear there you go i put this one off there you go this one is one here i think yes that one yeah that ' s the one mm what '
2514. beach haven ' t you and then feeling sick the next day it ' s like great yeah cos otherwise you just you just flake out and just yeah but when you ' re not drinking enough water and mm it ' s too hot mm you know i didn ' t see any culture or speak to anyone local mm and see anything apart from a few bars full of dick heads so you didn ' t
2519. years before i started making macaroni cheese cos i did have that erm i didn ' t like it i mean it but it might have been like a granular cheese sauce add boiling water no erm i don ' t know it was s but i remember not liking macaroni cheese yes it wasn ' t very tasty i don ' t think just just very mm slimy i
2520. those packet gravies she used to make it properly yeah proper gravy i remember yeah using the the the they didn ' t come in till later juice from the meat and the veg water mm and and cooking through a flour in the fat to be the thickening agent i remember loving sunday roasts mm you still do dear mm and she did loads of baking as well mm i think this
2521. s you use in cooking yeah that ' s for teeth the powder so then i so then i had to stop her and say okay so but i i dilute the bicarbonate of soda in water? olive oil? or or or mix it with olive oil or water? she went no no no no no no no oh silly me you you get that from the pharmacy and sure enough the way she
2522. then i so then i had to stop her and say okay so but i i dilute the bicarbonate of soda in water? olive oil? or or or mix it with olive oil or water? she went no no no no no no no oh silly me you you get that from the pharmacy and sure enough the way she said you would have been putting yeah exactly yeah shaking it into you picture
2523. ##ucy darling? then i ' ll edit it out saying you ' re irresistible uhu it ' s entirely likely that i will i ' ve heard everything cold have you done yourself a little hot water bottle? no are you going to? i ' d like yes i ought to i ' m just gonna you probably should i was going to oh my hot water or my furry marshmallow mm you
2524. have you done yourself a little hot water bottle? no are you going to? i ' d like yes i ought to i ' m just gonna you probably should i was going to oh my hot water or my furry marshmallow mm you know my friend said that she ' d bought an inflatable unicorn horn to put on her cat? yes i asked today and i i sent an email and
2525. be i think it ' s on that one right i am sleepy i ' m just gonna do another say three minutes then it ' s definitely an hour we ' ve done going to do the hot water bottle is that for me? thank you yes darling i filled up the kettle for your hot water bottle thank you dear do you know how to do it properly? you yes expel all the what do
2526. another say three minutes then it ' s definitely an hour we ' ve done going to do the hot water bottle is that for me? thank you yes darling i filled up the kettle for your hot water bottle thank you dear do you know how to do it properly? you yes expel all the what do you mean? so all the hot water bottle? yes you expel all the air the air
2527. yes darling i filled up the kettle for your hot water bottle thank you dear do you know how to do it properly? you yes expel all the what do you mean? so all the hot water bottle? yes you expel all the air the air of course i do it ' s just that when i last emptied it it hissed as it just let out air yours did when i emptied it did
2528. hissed as it just let out air yours did when i emptied it did it? yeah i think there still is the air always gets in it ' s a very effective a very clever invention a hot water bottle isn ' t it? in the old days you used to heat up a a pan a copper pan yeah and slide it under the bed make sure it ' s at the full boil i find how
2529. breakfast didn ' t i this morning? which i ' m sure i shouldn ' t open but oh yeah mm oh for that reason for that reason it ' s just gone everywhere mm interesting fizzy water lucky that i ' ve now managed to clear my throat or it would have gone all over god what a mess look at this mess oh i ' ll just have to wipe this up with your servie
2530. i am saying yes no but i mean it doesn ' t matter does it we ' ll ask her i thought that was plastic but it ' s real i think is it? well there ' s water in there oh right maybe it is then hi can we get the bill please? yes of course thank you thank you of course the other thing i could do to pass the time i could take up smoking
2532. stuck some cheese on your teeth dirty i mean obviously dirt brush your teeth after swishing cheese no i ' ve read er oh what was it on? or even just rinse your mouth out with water you know? yeah on a blog if you don ' t mind smelling cheesy on a blog somewhere i read er i read if you forget you if your forget your toothpaste on going on
2535. to make sure if there were any more questions or whether there was say yes or no really oh fill that up while you ' re up will you? the little yeah what one what with? just water thank you oh thank you mm mm so how far through the decorating are you then? is is the blind up? no is the light pull up? no right i ' m just gonna put that
2536. tactics for not paying i can ' t oh you know a pipe is a pipe they ' ve gotta they ' ve gotta flush it through before they use it anyway you have to you know bung water through at high pressure which cleans out all the rubbish tests all the joints i mean that ' s standard procedure and i am assuming it ' s a drinking water pipe if it ' s sewerage well
2537. you have to you know bung water through at high pressure which cleans out all the rubbish tests all the joints i mean that ' s standard procedure and i am assuming it ' s a drinking water pipe if it ' s sewerage well there ' s even less need to so i don ' t know why they are having to do all of this or why has agreed to do it all i notice
2538. okay right i ' m going to go now well on your way out would you erm put that in the dishwasher fill fill the kettle and boil it so that i can have some warm water ready yeah? alright then thank you very much yeah fine yes okay bye now
2540. hid the we hid the car in the bushes for the start got wwent into the hotel right? the next minute he knocks on the door his sink has just fallen off the wall there ' s water everywhere i bet all i bet you were like had a fucking good laugh there though didn ' t you? the hotel was just like shot to bits talk about fawlty towers of course we ' re
2543. a tree basically and that was like ten metres and then there was like another pallet above that and it was like thirteen metres what jumping into water? yeah just jumping into like these caves with fresh water in it the second one was pretty sick actually cos it had all like lily pads and that and it just looked proper nice and then we just r we rode the quad bikes back that ' s cool
2544. the bath looks really nice and i mean it does look nice but it ' s the size of a normal bath but they ' ve styled it so that it ' s you can ' t get much water in it and the sides of the bath are about that thick so the bath itself is a normal width well you add that and that on both sides you ' ve only got a bath which is about that
2545. my hips so you sit in the bath and just like like i can ' t get my shoulders in my hips don ' t fit in and like you can ' t you can ' t fill the water up because you just end up spitting yeah so you no as soon as you get in the the water just goes like whoosh and and this curve on the bath it ' s it ' s such an
2548. you kind of like a sink into a bath don ' t you? yeah yeah and you just can ' t do that they they ' ve probably done it so it only holds about ten litres of water yeah so you ' re saving money? so you ' d be sitting there and you fill it as opposed to so you ' re not s you ' re not saving money you you ' re having a
2549. we we don ' t have a bath very often cos it it ' s effort isn ' t it? er and it ' s a faff if you haven ' t got like decent hot water that s flies out the tap you know and you can you can run a bath in like a couple of minutes get in it job done our bath because we ' ve got a combi boiler yeah you
2550. you know and you can you can run a bath in like a couple of minutes get in it job done our bath because we ' ve got a combi boiler yeah you ' ve gotta have the water trickling out for it to be piping hot stay hot ye soon as you add a bit of speed onto the hot tap it just goes lukewarm yeah that ' s it so you end up
2551. ' ve gotta run it like just dripping in so like i ' ll have a bath in three hours when the bath ' s full i ' ve i ' ve not been in a house with hot water as good as ours to be honest our hot water ' s on like two hours a day? and we ' ve always got hot water plenty of it? yeah plenty of it yeah i mean i think
2552. like i ' ll have a bath in three hours when the bath ' s full i ' ve i ' ve not been in a house with hot water as good as ours to be honest our hot water ' s on like two hours a day? and we ' ve always got hot water plenty of it? yeah plenty of it yeah i mean i think a lot of that ' s to do with like
2553. ' ve i ' ve not been in a house with hot water as good as ours to be honest our hot water ' s on like two hours a day? and we ' ve always got hot water plenty of it? yeah plenty of it yeah i mean i think a lot of that ' s to do with like all the crazy weird stuff that ' s in the house that naturally keeps it warm yeah
2556. ? we ordered one meal ordered one chicken are we all sharing one chicken? one quarter chick no she ' s bought a wrap a chicken chicken wrap are we sharing that? sorry that ' s your water i ' ll just leave it for you here oh yeah that ' s okay i ' m like well what do i look likesharing a wrap with three people no so i thought oh she must she
2557. scrub that i mean how much does it cost to buy the new a new set? warm war yeah can we start can we send it back? and we we ' ve only got warm soapy water can we send it back? have you got the receipt? yeah okay we can send it back and start again okey - doke right then so outside the box er so what just to confirm no
2558. around to greet us another couple were also waiting to check in when a girl eventually showed us to our room it was nothing like the description on the internet no refrigerator no flat - screen tv no bottled water oh no dirty toilet dirty stained bed sheets oh oh horrible oh he ' d be really at least knew what they were going into yeah cos well obviously he hadn ' t probably he didn ' t tell
2559. your point still then you ' ve gotta yes do that fill them with noughts zeros yeah place value holders mm mm mm does anybody want a drink? i ' m just gonna get some water i think i don ' t think so i need to go to in a minute in a mi well drop my stuff off you can wait a few more minutes yet before you go a few more minutes i
2560. oh oh oh oh oh let ' s see i think we ' re going to yes okay alright then we ' ll just get to the minute there uhu there okay there i ' ll get his water hopefully he ' ll drop off to sleep and then oh i ' m going to have to go are we gonna start to cry cos mummy ' s going out oh poppet come on then come on
2562. it under licence? oh and yeah it ' s quite a process to extract it it ' s not easy they have to put it in these low pressure cookers and that extracts the sugar somehow with water don ' t c oh boils at a very funny temperature very low temperature i suppose oh mm you find it? yes i have yeah that ' s what you want to says it ' s easy to
2563. yeah yeah me too yes yeah i pull the odd weed out when i go by but they ' re actually fine they ' re all in they ' ve been flowering for months yeah well you need some water on them i suppose do you? yeah they seem okay actually i suppose yeah it ' s rained quite a lot here oh i ' ll have a look this week see what ' s needs weeding or
2564. then yes oh yeah yes there we go put it in the kitchen and nobody wants anything else? thank you dearly no no thank you dear thank you i ' m just gonna get a glass of water actually that ' s alright seen that? what ' s in there dear? yes yes i think i ' ll go to bed soon biscuit? would you like another biscuit? there ' s plenty
2565. though no honestly i ate loads today but thank you very much oh okay then oh yes good oh oh well it ' s nice seeing you again yeah yes nice and you yeah very nice gonna get some water so you ' ve got the day off tomorrow have you? i have sunday yeah what do you do on on on sundays then? i ' m going on a walk tomorrow oh of course you said oh
2566. ask me how to get there i wouldn ' t know no no i ' m sure they ' ll know it was years and years ago yes that was right i ' m just going to get some water and that ' ll be that okay would you like anything? no thank you dear i ' m okay okay oh sorry mm mm yeah about an hour yeah and who did you know at then? i don
2567. isn ' t it? and these ones seem to say like you you could save it yourself but um oh of course if you cut the seed out of the middle of it yeah with a bowl of water or something yeah okay a very ripe fruit well that one is very ripe we could maybe try that one rinse it through a sieve to get the seed mm this cheese is a bit disappointing uh this
2568. too many for i ' m saying it ' s done innit? at least an hour out no i ' m just saying they ' re done job less and i can get when he wakes up water on yeah hello pumpkin hello hello hiya hiya come shall we read one book before we go for a shower? no no no no that ' s a big no shall we go for a shower?
2570. s no it ' s me flipping heck gimme a chance daddy hard with five players innit? busy board mm yeah? is that for me? is it a drink? yeah mm delicious fresh water right let ' s get going you can take one off the top please ah now all over you ah ah and another one off the top okay so right then erm oh thank you darling sorry to do
2571. on the tablet game? yep can you actually buy the boards of them as well? yeah you ' ve just gotta er like all the trains and stuff are like well expensive mm it ' s apple water? ah ha ha go then my go? what ' s are they black? yeah so you need three of those cards for those can i have three then please? mummy mummy mummy you move move me
2573. meant the first night you were all in the flat yeah how badly did he burn himself? erm badly enough to like cause a blister ow we we were like just run it under cold water and then wrap cling film around it why cling film? why cling film? why ' d you? cling film i can ' t remember what it does but you ' re meant to
2574. do with the heat or something no you want to keep the heat off it otherwise it carries on burning or or or or or is it not supposed well burning well you you burn run it under cold water for like ten minutes and then you wrap cling film around it is what you ' re meant to do who stands there for ten minutes? he ' s right you are supposed to ten minutes or more
2576. necklace yeah it ' s nice but i don ' t either i know what you mean but you know i don ' t have time to be standing there you know children in africa could be drinking that water well they can ' t not really you could be running it unun on your finger though or your wrist or whatever they ' re not ever gonna drink the water coming out of your tap oh ' s
2577. children in africa could be drinking that water well they can ' t not really you could be running it unun on your finger though or your wrist or whatever they ' re not ever gonna drink the water coming out of your tap oh ' s joined us for dinner yeah sniffing the air we really need to take a picture of this who ' s got their phone with their camera? erm i have but
2593. dog likes my body pizza you are full mm my little legs my little legs are saying to me no more well that ' s fine that ' s fine now do you yes you like to bring your water beaker don ' t you to brownies my water what? you like to take a beaker to brownies yes? mm okay how long is it to brownies? it is thirty - five
2594. legs my little legs are saying to me no more well that ' s fine that ' s fine now do you yes you like to bring your water beaker don ' t you to brownies my water what? you like to take a beaker to brownies yes? mm okay how long is it to brownies? it is thirty - five minutes but we will be going early so do you want
2595. of your neighbours other people have reported it down the street but the animal welfare people can do nothing because they have got a you know they can go in if they want they ' ve got food and water mm mm mm there ' s no law against your dog barking yeah but what about noise abatement? i don ' t know i don ' t know well the police can do something about noise aba
2596. re sick in the morning when you ' re hung - over yeah huh cos you can ' t take anything cos your head is yeah er throbbing but you can ' t keep food down or water mm so you were being invited out again next week i thought he would let this drop he ' s quite keen on you going well quite keen on you generally i think old crazy horse huh he ' d
2598. still drink it but it ' s not as nice obviously what does that matter to you? because i ' ve gone i i ' ve had to make you one otherwise i ' ll just put cold water in a it won ' t make it it won ' t make the t the teabag do anything if it ' s cold it has to be hot to make the teabag has to be yeah honestly
2599. kebab er this is a handle on the door it ' s also called a that you turn it or you ' d knock on it or knocker? door lock? er i boil my water in this kettle yeah all wrong then isn ' t it? er we er i blow my nose in this handkerchief yeah er inject yourself with this needle needle no oh syringe yeah er mmake
2602. ##feine? night got any on there that ' s doing? no what ' s the next gonna be like? you don ' t want anything to drink? no you ' ve got the coconut water ah we ' ve got we ' ve got where is the coconut water now? oh it ' s i think it ' s erm in the erm i can ' t remember whether and i can
2603. what ' s the next gonna be like? you don ' t want anything to drink? no you ' ve got the coconut water ah we ' ve got we ' ve got where is the coconut water now? oh it ' s i think it ' s erm in the erm i can ' t remember whether and i can ' t er can ' t remember where the light is now not saying
2604. ' t it? the showerhead was on top of the taps and it was running down yeah as we went out oh so it could have been it ' s you only need a little bit of water sometimes to yeah find its way and make a right mess anyway it ' s stained the ceiling oh has it? and it ' s yeah and all the wallpaper ' s come off so we ' ll
2606. then and he ' ll still be having his formula milk so you ' ll be able to take the formula milk would you take the powder and then do what though? would you just boil the tap water or boiled cos some bottled water they can ' t have isn ' t it it ' s too what do you do? can ' t they can ' t have bottled water? there ' s some
2607. having his formula milk so you ' ll be able to take the formula milk would you take the powder and then do what though? would you just boil the tap water or boiled cos some bottled water they can ' t have isn ' t it it ' s too what do you do? can ' t they can ' t have bottled water? there ' s some bottled water that they can ' t
2608. just boil the tap water or boiled cos some bottled water they can ' t have isn ' t it it ' s too what do you do? can ' t they can ' t have bottled water? there ' s some bottled water that they can ' t have well do a bit of research on it mm i wouldn ' t have to buy a filter get a brita filter like a brita
2609. cos some bottled water they can ' t have isn ' t it it ' s too what do you do? can ' t they can ' t have bottled water? there ' s some bottled water that they can ' t have well do a bit of research on it mm i wouldn ' t have to buy a filter get a brita filter like a brita filter traveller a travel filter okay yeah
2610. research on it mm i wouldn ' t have to buy a filter get a brita filter like a brita filter traveller a travel filter okay yeah i suppose we could and then either put the bottled water through it or yeah tap water through do you remember when drank the tap water in bulgaria? yeah oh it was so funny why? well bearing in mind we ' d just well we ' d just got
2611. ' t have to buy a filter get a brita filter like a brita filter traveller a travel filter okay yeah i suppose we could and then either put the bottled water through it or yeah tap water through do you remember when drank the tap water in bulgaria? yeah oh it was so funny why? well bearing in mind we ' d just well we ' d just got out there and we were the
2612. brita filter like a brita filter traveller a travel filter okay yeah i suppose we could and then either put the bottled water through it or yeah tap water through do you remember when drank the tap water in bulgaria? yeah oh it was so funny why? well bearing in mind we ' d just well we ' d just got out there and we were the first ones out there do you remember we were
2613. funny why? well bearing in mind we ' d just well we ' d just got out there and we were the first ones out there do you remember we were wi and yes and erm the water was orange through through the tap oh and it had come up from and the water yeah i turned it on and put my hands under it to wash and it come out and i was like oh no and
2614. got out there and we were the first ones out there do you remember we were wi and yes and erm the water was orange through through the tap oh and it had come up from and the water yeah i turned it on and put my hands under it to wash and it come out and i was like oh no and my ring had turned a funny a c funny colour as well we don ' t
2620. so i don ' t have a bath i don ' t go outside i don ' t put a run a tap and i don ' t drink anything ooh dodgy no i ain ' t water you mustn ' t go anywhere near water bearing water is i might be ninety - nine percent water but that ' s just anyhow will and they said we will get there ' s a tree out
2625. ' t yours is really curly goes bouffant bouffant really curly actually i lie i will get a drink you want another drink naughty and went for er like i paid for tap water oh cheeky cheeky oh do you have to pay for you have to pay for tap water? cos by now no but like oh so erm basically i should only be drinking tap water oh
2626. lie i will get a drink you want another drink naughty and went for er like i paid for tap water oh cheeky cheeky oh do you have to pay for you have to pay for tap water? cos by now no but like oh so erm basically i should only be drinking tap water oh sod it no one cares cos it ' s free free drink who cares? they '
2627. water oh cheeky cheeky oh do you have to pay for you have to pay for tap water? cos by now no but like oh so erm basically i should only be drinking tap water oh sod it no one cares cos it ' s free free drink who cares? they ' re not gonna check you are they? they ' re not gonna be like excuse me missus mm
2628. you are they? they ' re not gonna be like excuse me missus mm like we can see actually no no this is my own colourant cos i know it hasn ' t got tap water i ' m the rebel she ' s yeah it ' s not me oh what is this? i keep looking at it oh it ' s erm it ' s just the metro ticket for the er
2630. like? as i was saying it ' s are you watching your milk being made? mm? this is not gonna work just yet cos you need there you go i ' ll put some more water in there that ' s all good oh yes i think needs a drink as well oh watch that milk being made eh? you watch that being made touch it cos it ' s hot it ' s
2631. oh yes i think needs a drink as well oh watch that milk being made eh? you watch that being made touch it cos it ' s hot it ' s hot there there goes the boiling water mummy ' s making seven ounces mm how much are you gonna drink two? three? maybe if we ' re lucky beep beep beebidibee - bee - bee - bee let mummy
2638. i was gonna say yes you ' ve got yes now would you like a drink of anything? no i ' m fine dear i just alright yeah yeah just take a i usually take a glass of water well plenty of water dear plenty yes yeah that ' s true and i might just take those things to the kitchen then yes i ' ll plug this in probably run down the battery it ' s good oh
2639. yes you ' ve got yes now would you like a drink of anything? no i ' m fine dear i just alright yeah yeah just take a i usually take a glass of water well plenty of water dear plenty yes yeah that ' s true and i might just take those things to the kitchen then yes i ' ll plug this in probably run down the battery it ' s good oh you charge it up
2646. it ' s looking a bit red it ' s good it ' s like a sauna isn ' t it? opens up all your pores i ' ll go and like splash it with cold water now to like get get in all the pours yeah i love watching fires i think did dad say anything i think we should watch it till it goes down or until it ' s ready for potatoes or
2649. squelching it around to try and make a seal with the with the clay yeah and it hasn ' t worked it doesn ' t want to take but it it is getting a little bit more water every year but maybe it ' s cos of the drought what half a half a centimetre hm well there was quite a bit in there the other day was there? when we had all that
2650. underground and it comes all the way up to here the hose is underground? yeah cos we used to have the goat sheds there until they all burnt down yeah they all burnt down so we had water oh okay from i think it was from the dai ah from the dairy coming down to feed the goat sheds yeah and so there was a a hose pipe underground there and we dug the pond just in the
2651. it actually in a dish when it ' s all done? yeah put it in a big dish then put it in the oven do the spinach in a separate dish and then drain it mm of water and then it can be introduced perhaps to the cheese sauce okay could you erm sort out the spinach please? oh no cos you said that i had to do go on the cheese the cheese
2652. entire meal have you noticed how clean and tidy the house is though? yes thank you did you boil the kettle? i thought i did don ' t know yeah no you did put a bit more water in there dear do you notice any er political bias in the erm stuff you have to transcribe dear? erm i would suggest it ' s slightly more left wing i would suggest that people
2653. that makes everything taste taste mexican it ' s awesome anyway so but what ' s it called? pozole pozole awesome yeah soup is really that ' s good spicy yeah yeah anyone want water? no but can could you get me erm a beer from the fridge that ' s already open? yeah thanks what ' s that? i don ' t know but it looks all funny it sort
2655. just the guy commented on how made her tea cos she put the erm that ' s the freezer yeah she put the erm tea bag in yeah and then er and then put the water put milk yeah and then like i do that yeah the guy was like no no no why do you put the milk in? like you have to brew it and then add the milk and i don '
2659. it was from like nineteen eighty - eight like yeah they have to be up to date yeah i hadn ' t realised the expiry dates no that jerry can that had he says like just put water in it okay drinking water? yeah well he said like wash it out and put suppose i might leave it on yeah cos you can ' t have too much water i suppose mm you ' ve gotta
2660. eighty - eight like yeah they have to be up to date yeah i hadn ' t realised the expiry dates no that jerry can that had he says like just put water in it okay drinking water? yeah well he said like wash it out and put suppose i might leave it on yeah cos you can ' t have too much water i suppose mm you ' ve gotta sign this bad boy and
2661. had he says like just put water in it okay drinking water? yeah well he said like wash it out and put suppose i might leave it on yeah cos you can ' t have too much water i suppose mm you ' ve gotta sign this bad boy and date it when are we gonna date it for? we ' ll leave it blank yeah until we send it off so long as we don '
2662. sure i ' ll forget about it sooner or later ha ha well you were all kicking off the fuss that ' s why i ' m just erm um what do you want to drink? er water please water? water pint of water? ah what? i ' ll put the erm yep oh i need to go and brush my hair actually are you alright to? seems like the preparation for
2663. ' ll forget about it sooner or later ha ha well you were all kicking off the fuss that ' s why i ' m just erm um what do you want to drink? er water please water? water pint of water? ah what? i ' ll put the erm yep oh i need to go and brush my hair actually are you alright to? seems like the preparation for this meal
2664. forget about it sooner or later ha ha well you were all kicking off the fuss that ' s why i ' m just erm um what do you want to drink? er water please water? water pint of water? ah what? i ' ll put the erm yep oh i need to go and brush my hair actually are you alright to? seems like the preparation for this meal has become
2665. or later ha ha well you were all kicking off the fuss that ' s why i ' m just erm um what do you want to drink? er water please water? water pint of water? ah what? i ' ll put the erm yep oh i need to go and brush my hair actually are you alright to? seems like the preparation for this meal has become this farce i
2666. was it? yeah yeah a couple of months yeah aye since i erm since i last visited mm mm cos er they didn ' t mention it then mm no what you doing? glass of water what ' s a helicopter doing over our house? mm and then he drove rou like all over yeah we also had it over our house yeah you did you did you did didn ' t you?
2669. anymore are they? mm there ' s a lot of bikes today s yeah what are they all doing here? so nothing from the shop? mm no can always come out again later do we need water or anything? no cos wwe bought about six bottles the other day oh i wouldn ' t mind a glass of wine at some point this week yeah okay well i don ' t know when we '
2670. ##m glasses on and like a i can so see that would go with your personality as well that ' s just bright orange yeah race race car mm right i ' m gonna go and is it hot water or cold water that ' s good for your muscles? cold apparently maybe a bit of both? like go from hot an to cold well it ' s like that thing i was trying but i kind of
2671. and like a i can so see that would go with your personality as well that ' s just bright orange yeah race race car mm right i ' m gonna go and is it hot water or cold water that ' s good for your muscles? cold apparently maybe a bit of both? like go from hot an to cold well it ' s like that thing i was trying but i kind of forgot oh weather
2675. you? i think i was about eight seven or eight yeah yeah but luckily because they were so fast they were able to get me a mm to the er kitchen put my ice in cold ice cold water my arms like yeah so yeah i was lucky so there was no scar yeah that ' s really good yeah when erm when my uncle was a kid he erm someone had put a a tea towel
2676. my hand right? what happens it encased these three fingers but the outside went hard and the inside was still molten hot so instantly i ran to the tap to try and get it off put cold water on it freezing cold water but all it did was harden the outside of it jesus and the inside was still boiling hot a so the reason i was so badly burned was because it was just such a long
2677. happens it encased these three fingers but the outside went hard and the inside was still molten hot so instantly i ran to the tap to try and get it off put cold water on it freezing cold water but all it did was harden the outside of it jesus and the inside was still boiling hot a so the reason i was so badly burned was because it was just such a long it had been on my
2678. i couldn ' t sleep at night cos the pain was that bad in those fingers so i had to i just had to sit with like i used to sleep with my hand in a cup of water it was that bad? i honestly couldn ' t bear it it was awful there ' s nothing you can do really once it ' s burned they just have to all that from hot toffee hot
2679. because it ' s the the valve has blocked it ' s still just going like billy - o and it ' s the middle of the night and all the radiators are boiling hot and the water is piping hot and everything and it won ' t switch itself off because the valve is stuck in the open position it ' s really frustrating mm mm yeah they are annoying we when we do the kitchen
2680. have things like planning permission which council don ' t take any notice of cos they install ugly concrete blocks randomly without asking anybody but there was that point in history where beer was safer to drink than water yeah oh those ducks look so sweet bobbing up and down would probably be quite fascinated to look at them yes mm ah cos we don ' t rarely very often open the curtains in the snu
2684. all night well you ' d have to have it in here always yeah but i sleep with with i normally have that door open cos i get up from time to time and get a drink of water or something so mm that wouldn ' t necessarily stop me hearing it ah right no that that might not be a good idea put it this way i bought i used to have a lovely little erm alarm
2685. much i don ' t like strawberry jam because when i was a kid i had a huge tablet and the doctors asked me to erm swallow this on strawberry jam mm if they ' d given me water i ' d have swallowed it happily but the strawberry jam i gagged on it and do you know for years i couldn ' t eat strawberry jam without gagging and of course grandma ' s always give
2686. woke up the first morning in beijing with blood all over the place and and of course you couldn ' t get any ice we were just stuck in this student accommodation erm and there was tepid water and that was all there was there wasn ' t even cold water you ran the tap it didn ' t really come very cold mm well actually wasn ' t very very enthusiastic when i said well ice cube
2687. and and of course you couldn ' t get any ice we were just stuck in this student accommodation erm and there was tepid water and that was all there was there wasn ' t even cold water you ran the tap it didn ' t really come very cold mm well actually wasn ' t very very enthusiastic when i said well ice cubes but er but it works mm and i put i just get
2689. that if y if they can explain it we can talk about it and interview other people about it yes so the idea is erm i would say is to go and put your eye in some cold water and you will get rid of what ' s bothering your eyeball cos the way you flush out your eye is just by getting some cold water and just flushing out the thing in your eye okay alright
2690. is to go and put your eye in some cold water and you will get rid of what ' s bothering your eyeball cos the way you flush out your eye is just by getting some cold water and just flushing out the thing in your eye okay alright erm starting to feel like mickey rourke okay erm i ' m just trying to think of a bigger picture thing which is er well i actually
2691. ? pardon? in the lounge in the lounge is he? come in food is on the table darling oh he he he he he he he he he he he he he ah that ' s your water that ' s your plate we ' ve got another pizza in the oven by the way and there ' s a bit of salad for you? we should pull in your chair what? you alright darling?
2692. just make it look that way oh do you want some food? do you want to sit next to? do you? yeah i can sit yeah okay come on may i please have a glass of water? you can do you know where they are? or cos somebody else will have to get it for you? i ' m literally a little bit sick i see thank you how ' s your mum
2693. she ' d cut her knuckles erm holding onto the er rope so tight oh did she? yeah oh she didn ' t tell me that oh she said that when they came to the erm water watering hole to bathe yeah? a lot of the elephants didn ' t want to go in yeah and hers didn ' t so she said to the trainer oh don ' t make him don ' t
2698. i start it again? cos this is a good specimen i tell you what yeah but how will you? it ' s not what our sh our shower our shower was running slow last week the water wouldn ' t run down the plughole so he took the thing out you know and he says look at this and there ' s a big coil of hair and it were you two wash your hair in
2699. passport one yes w which i think is what we ' re gonna have to do i ' m going to do that now that ' s fun ain ' t it? what? would you like some water? no would you stop coughing then? what time are you going to town dad? i don ' t know huh? i don ' t know a little while the dishwasher ' s empty so
2700. but well i could put it off like it ' s not desperate mm mm yeah i might leave it another three weeks and then i might do it yeah yeah cheers let ' s go and get some water does anyone want anything? i ' d love some water water? smithy? yes please water water for three yeah i i wasn ' t going to i was gonna let all the dye grow out a
2701. not desperate mm mm yeah i might leave it another three weeks and then i might do it yeah yeah cheers let ' s go and get some water does anyone want anything? i ' d love some water water? smithy? yes please water water for three yeah i i wasn ' t going to i was gonna let all the dye grow out a bit so i didn ' t have to dye it any
2702. desperate mm mm yeah i might leave it another three weeks and then i might do it yeah yeah cheers let ' s go and get some water does anyone want anything? i ' d love some water water? smithy? yes please water water for three yeah i i wasn ' t going to i was gonna let all the dye grow out a bit so i didn ' t have to dye it any more
2703. it another three weeks and then i might do it yeah yeah cheers let ' s go and get some water does anyone want anything? i ' d love some water water? smithy? yes please water water for three yeah i i wasn ' t going to i was gonna let all the dye grow out a bit so i didn ' t have to dye it any more um then i started doing that and
2704. another three weeks and then i might do it yeah yeah cheers let ' s go and get some water does anyone want anything? i ' d love some water water? smithy? yes please water water for three yeah i i wasn ' t going to i was gonna let all the dye grow out a bit so i didn ' t have to dye it any more um then i started doing that and realised
2712. they overtook china recently yeah and er yeah when you think that their economy is everything from you know mud hut rural economy that ' s right you know people you know sort of dying of starvation and no water no toilets no nothing no electric and then you get other bits of the economy where they ' re sending you know orbiters around mars that ' s right yeah yeah what is that about and stuff like that
2725. ##m yums or are they yum yums? well i ' m pretty sure they ' re just glazed with sugar bunsy sugar bugsy sugar buns and sugar would you like some more water? yes i would like some water thank you for asking can i finish? have a great escape part two with water no you need to eat all your chicken and your rice thank you and and all your
2726. ##m yums? well i ' m pretty sure they ' re just glazed with sugar bunsy sugar bugsy sugar buns and sugar would you like some more water? yes i would like some water thank you for asking can i finish? have a great escape part two with water no you need to eat all your chicken and your rice thank you and and all your peas because you put all of that
2727. sugar bunsy sugar bugsy sugar buns and sugar would you like some more water? yes i would like some water thank you for asking can i finish? have a great escape part two with water no you need to eat all your chicken and your rice thank you and and all your peas because you put all of that on our plate i want to stuff my face i ' m going to stuff my
2729. favourite dessert? me too yeah ice cream sit down on your bottom please don ' t lie across the table sit down and wait for to finish please no chocolate ice cream mm do you want any more water? mm pardon? that ' s horrible exorcism what i don ' t like about normal chocolate is that your mouth gets clotted and you can ' t really eat any more chocolate well i
2730. t any of that really it was quite funny after oh dear well yeah you d we ' re not talking about that well tell me about it well erm so erm can i have some more water? went down to the trackers and there was like a bridge and thank you do you know with the? is he in my is he a tracker? yeah he ' s a tracker yeah yeah i
2733. to pay it ' s not too bad really all you ' ve gotta pay is your food and the electricity and gas bills don ' t you? you know? but do you know how much our water is because we don ' t have a water meter they ' ve just said the standard rate for this area is fifty pounds a month sounds quite high that ' s a lot isn ' t it? yeah
2734. all you ' ve gotta pay is your food and the electricity and gas bills don ' t you? you know? but do you know how much our water is because we don ' t have a water meter they ' ve just said the standard rate for this area is fifty pounds a month sounds quite high that ' s a lot isn ' t it? yeah and we i don ' t i don '
2735. ##dad are still there alright well we ' re going now via via sorry go on erm while grandma and granddad are still over we might yeah keep it because we don ' t know how much water we ' re gonna be using yeah but that ' s that ' s a lot so then again maybe it ' s not a good idea have the meter you ' ll be having a shower once a week
2736. s getting a new shower actually i don ' t know i know it ' s well she wasn ' t going to but i think she might it depends how much money and that what ' s your water pressure like? well it ' s an electric shower it ' s like no i don ' t i mean er i don ' t know say you ' re running the sh you ' re running the bath
2737. like? well it ' s an electric shower it ' s like no i don ' t i mean er i don ' t know say you ' re running the sh you ' re running the bath water oh it ' s not very good no it ' s not very good it ' s quite weak it ' s quite weak cos you could have a shower like in mine where it ' s attached to
2738. very good no it ' s not very good it ' s quite weak it ' s quite weak cos you could have a shower like in mine where it ' s attached to the taps yeah my water pressure ' s good though so it comes out really strong well the plumber was like yeah your shower ' s like an antique it ' s like it ' s so weird it ' s like got these

