Cluster 1
3. re gonna take greeks aren ' t ev multinationals are paying and i heard on the radio er you know john humphrys? yeah his son lives in athens with his greek wife yeah and their child yeah and he said when they used to go to the centre of athens all these lovely little erm specialist shops rows of them i wanna i wanna put it in here cos they ' ll dry don
5. worry about yeah pensions or you know every getting property or any of that stuff but you ' re gonna make enough money in your own right to not need any of that provided and i never have a child that ' s true but if we had a do you think a child would tchange it then? if we have a child we ' ll be poor for the rest of our life why would you
6. stuff but you ' re gonna make enough money in your own right to not need any of that provided and i never have a child that ' s true but if we had a do you think a child would tchange it then? if we have a child we ' ll be poor for the rest of our life why would you be if you ' ve got to the status of lecturing or whatever
7. right to not need any of that provided and i never have a child that ' s true but if we had a do you think a child would tchange it then? if we have a child we ' ll be poor for the rest of our life why would you be if you ' ve got to the status of lecturing or whatever? i mean you ' re only on about oh that '
10. probably a bit upset that she ' s not pregnant yeah she was just never pregnant she ' s not lost anything yeah she ' s comparing herself to the trauma of some other woman having to lose a child yeah yeah yeah which you can ' t even imagine how bad that must be no i think she ' s disgusting she ' s playing him for a fool for a start isn ' t she cos she
16. it ' s a right yeah primarily to to london so how is it sold to them? how do they? i don ' t know to london sold to their parents right they ' re taking a child to london for three weeks they ' re gonna learn english in the mornings and in the afternoons we do excursions mm the teenagers of course it ' s more fun to be mm you know on the excursion
17. what year? no which day? oh i can ' t remember tuesday i reckon so i could find out for you so i ' m full of grace? oh that thing? yeah monday ' s child is fair of face tuesday ' s child is full of grace er wednesday ' s chil is full of woe child? yes? wednes thursday ' s child has far to go f has far
18. i can ' t remember tuesday i reckon so i could find out for you so i ' m full of grace? oh that thing? yeah monday ' s child is fair of face tuesday ' s child is full of grace er wednesday ' s chil is full of woe child? yes? wednes thursday ' s child has far to go f has far to go friday ' s child is can
20. thing? yeah monday ' s child is fair of face tuesday ' s child is full of grace er wednesday ' s chil is full of woe child? yes? wednes thursday ' s child has far to go f has far to go friday ' s child is can ' t remember say it er ffull of grace fair of face full of woe i dunno far to go it was
21. s child is full of grace er wednesday ' s chil is full of woe child? yes? wednes thursday ' s child has far to go f has far to go friday ' s child is can ' t remember say it er ffull of grace fair of face full of woe i dunno far to go it was a sunday so erm so the child was born on sabbath day
22. go friday ' s child is can ' t remember say it er ffull of grace fair of face full of woe i dunno far to go it was a sunday so erm so the child was born on sabbath day is boney and bluth bonny and blithe and good and gay yay and gay? i that means happy oh i hope i get my children born on monday
23. you know that ' s just a a an very old rhyme? it doesn ' t necessarily mean it ' s true wednesday and what does wednesday mean? can you remember the rhyme? monday ' s child is fair of face tuestuesday ' s child is full of grace thurs wednesday ' s child is full of woe full of woe well that ' s not what does that mean?
24. rhyme? it doesn ' t necessarily mean it ' s true wednesday and what does wednesday mean? can you remember the rhyme? monday ' s child is fair of face tuestuesday ' s child is full of grace thurs wednesday ' s child is full of woe full of woe well that ' s not what does that mean? full of sadness that ' s not you at all i
25. s true wednesday and what does wednesday mean? can you remember the rhyme? monday ' s child is fair of face tuestuesday ' s child is full of grace thurs wednesday ' s child is full of woe full of woe well that ' s not what does that mean? full of sadness that ' s not you at all i ' m no and then thursday ' s child has
26. child is full of woe full of woe well that ' s not what does that mean? full of sadness that ' s not you at all i ' m no and then thursday ' s child has far to go friday ' s child is loving and giving saturday ' s child works hard for its living but the child that is born on the sabbath day but the child that ' s born on the
27. woe well that ' s not what does that mean? full of sadness that ' s not you at all i ' m no and then thursday ' s child has far to go friday ' s child is loving and giving saturday ' s child works hard for its living but the child that is born on the sabbath day but the child that ' s born on the sabbath sabbath day is boney and bonn
28. does that mean? full of sadness that ' s not you at all i ' m no and then thursday ' s child has far to go friday ' s child is loving and giving saturday ' s child works hard for its living but the child that is born on the sabbath day but the child that ' s born on the sabbath sabbath day is boney and bonny not boney bonny and b
29. ' s not you at all i ' m no and then thursday ' s child has far to go friday ' s child is loving and giving saturday ' s child works hard for its living but the child that is born on the sabbath day but the child that ' s born on the sabbath sabbath day is boney and bonny not boney bonny and blithe blithe and good and
30. and then thursday ' s child has far to go friday ' s child is loving and giving saturday ' s child works hard for its living but the child that is born on the sabbath day but the child that ' s born on the sabbath sabbath day is boney and bonny not boney bonny and blithe blithe and good and gay s but what do you think? how do
31. really grumpy okay well we ' re all we ' re all got different characteristics and none of us are okay happy all the time or grumpy all the time okay mm monday ' s child is really good tuesday tuesday ' s child likes a walk in the wood tuesday ' s child oh that ' s nice mm wednesday ' s child is really cheeky no wednesday ' s child is rea
32. re all we ' re all got different characteristics and none of us are okay happy all the time or grumpy all the time okay mm monday ' s child is really good tuesday tuesday ' s child likes a walk in the wood tuesday ' s child oh that ' s nice mm wednesday ' s child is really cheeky no wednesday ' s child is rea loves to play with lego no i liked
34. grumpy all the time okay mm monday ' s child is really good tuesday tuesday ' s child likes a walk in the wood tuesday ' s child oh that ' s nice mm wednesday ' s child is really cheeky no wednesday ' s child is rea loves to play with lego no i liked er no erm wednesday ' s child is really cheeky thursday ' s thursday ' s child is
35. ' s child is really good tuesday tuesday ' s child likes a walk in the wood tuesday ' s child oh that ' s nice mm wednesday ' s child is really cheeky no wednesday ' s child is rea loves to play with lego no i liked er no erm wednesday ' s child is really cheeky thursday ' s thursday ' s child is quite peaky really or always really sneaky
36. s child oh that ' s nice mm wednesday ' s child is really cheeky no wednesday ' s child is rea loves to play with lego no i liked er no erm wednesday ' s child is really cheeky thursday ' s thursday ' s child is quite peaky really or always really sneaky no quite or is feeling peaky okay is is peaky what does peaky mean? feeling
37. child is really cheeky no wednesday ' s child is rea loves to play with lego no i liked er no erm wednesday ' s child is really cheeky thursday ' s thursday ' s child is quite peaky really or always really sneaky no quite or is feeling peaky okay is is peaky what does peaky mean? feeling ill friday ' s child is friday ' s child is
38. ' s thursday ' s child is quite peaky really or always really sneaky no quite or is feeling peaky okay is is peaky what does peaky mean? feeling ill friday ' s child is friday ' s child is very bored tuesday ' s saturday ' s saturday ' s child likes a sw likes to play with his sword but the child is born on the sabbath day sabbath day loves her
39. child is quite peaky really or always really sneaky no quite or is feeling peaky okay is is peaky what does peaky mean? feeling ill friday ' s child is friday ' s child is very bored tuesday ' s saturday ' s saturday ' s child likes a sw likes to play with his sword but the child is born on the sabbath day sabbath day loves her brother come what may or
41. peaky mean? feeling ill friday ' s child is friday ' s child is very bored tuesday ' s saturday ' s saturday ' s child likes a sw likes to play with his sword but the child is born on the sabbath day sabbath day loves her brother come what may or i thought you were gonna who loves her she loves her brother as well as oh wait who loves who brother that will always stay
43. success er on her kicking me out er i mean er yeah you huh you can ' t actually fathom it can you you can ' t actually think that a mother someone who gave birth to a child i know manages to justify kicking her firstborn out the door yeah but it ' s okay you ' ve turned out to be a success and in fact actually it was all m all my doing yeah so
48. is there? well it ' s it ' s this one is close to giglio cool it says go to giglio for the day classic dolphins whales and lols that eat i know and a child i want that one it ' s as bad as my swap back remember when was the last time we had that happen? got possibly you always i want you always you always do that but that ' s
52. entitled those are the people that i that i don ' t like yeah there was a lass in erm the paper and erm her and her boyfriend got that many benefits cos they had a child mainly so they would get money er they had a flat in london that is proper beautiful flat they had all the expensive things in it because they ' d get basically like in a year they probably maybe get
54. and i was just like yeah mm ye bless her well done lass mm only sad thing about that is is like when you see people are that big and they ' ve got kids they say but your child ' ll lose their parent and like she ' s already lost her kid like do you know what i mean? well she ' s younger than us why? how old is she? in that white top
58. a knobhead from a rebound got pregnant to him after they ' d been together five years and then they ' ve been together ever since and she isn ' t happy with him but she loves the child which you always will do and that ' s worth it yeah but like you know when you look at someone and you just think i never want that and you automatically feel sorry for them because of your own
61. i ' m just having my breakfast having my crunchy nut like charles what the? stop snoring the hell not charles philip philip get her anyway she wouldn ' t be in bed with her child that would be a bit extreme charles god oh yeah but like cos at the time they did it because they thought it would erm it would stop the cameras like being so erm like insistent like
65. is why i need to marry someone who ' s good looking cos i don ' t have much going for me so i need them to like shut up create most of the the genes for the child really i think your combination would go well with mm like a dark person like a dark haired person mm but see i can ' t marry a black person cos what if the kid was black and ginger
66. maybe i ' m not actually ginger i just yeah it ' s weird like is brown hair have? h i dunno mm cos i did i kind of don ' t wanna our ba my child is gonna look so boring if i marry someone with brown hair and brown eyes did you always have brown hair? yeah cos some people have blonde when they ' re younger don ' t they so?
84. it ' s really weird youngest in mine is four so yeah yeah my cousin ' s just had a baby actually ah that ' s nice yeah actually no that ' s wrong no my cousin has a child so that ma that ' s a first cousin once removed yeah second cousin i ' m glad you know because no it ' s second no no it ' s not second cousin because if had a child then
85. child so that ma that ' s a first cousin once removed yeah second cousin i ' m glad you know because no it ' s second no no it ' s not second cousin because if had a child then they his child and and his cousin ' s child would be second cousins cos they ' re the same generation your cou your cousins no it ' s the same cos i looked at it
86. that ' s a first cousin once removed yeah second cousin i ' m glad you know because no it ' s second no no it ' s not second cousin because if had a child then they his child and and his cousin ' s child would be second cousins cos they ' re the same generation your cou your cousins no it ' s the same cos i looked at it it ' s anyway
87. removed yeah second cousin i ' m glad you know because no it ' s second no no it ' s not second cousin because if had a child then they his child and and his cousin ' s child would be second cousins cos they ' re the same generation your cou your cousins no it ' s the same cos i looked at it it ' s anyway he has a child and your cousin
88. ' s child would be second cousins cos they ' re the same generation your cou your cousins no it ' s the same cos i looked at it it ' s anyway he has a child and your cousin ' s child is your second cousin and your child ' s second cousin as well yeah cos he ' s my cousin second mm once removed what ' s removed? is when they '
89. cousins cos they ' re the same generation your cou your cousins no it ' s the same cos i looked at it it ' s anyway he has a child and your cousin ' s child is your second cousin and your child ' s second cousin as well yeah cos he ' s my cousin second mm once removed what ' s removed? is when they ' re like up or down on
90. same generation your cou your cousins no it ' s the same cos i looked at it it ' s anyway he has a child and your cousin ' s child is your second cousin and your child ' s second cousin as well yeah cos he ' s my cousin second mm once removed what ' s removed? is when they ' re like up or down on the family trees yeah so like your
92. ' s pregnant as well she ' s pregnant yeah she ' s about to give birth? she ' s the year below us with a k do you remember?? yeah she ' s had a child is it funny how all the popular girls are pregnant? oh you know? yeah she ' s at uni with me oh er i bumped into her during like freshers ' and we were oh my
93. young i i don ' t want to be judgemental i i ' d rather have like a but it ' s probably they don ' t want to get an abortion or they want to keep the child for whatever reason mm yeah i mean i because their relationship which they ' re in is really special and important to them ah they love each other so much so much i ' m not like old fashioned but
95. was to the side and there was this look of complete like you know love and devotion like through the family you know you could just see in that yeah it ' s like wow there ' s a child ' s come into the world i ' m over the moon i ' m over the moon and yeah yeah because if my first son is getting married yeah and you know you look at his life is un
105. oh yeah gypsy woman yes and her husband expected her to clean all the time and you know yeah that wouldn ' t work never change a nappy and and not be present at the birth of a child and all the rest of it i think that would be harder yeah but anyway yeah i ' m not quite sure what other culture i would like to be born in em but i suppose it would have to
110. the to to ghghana which was known as the kind of like the white man ' s grave so the wives never used to go there he then fell in with a native girl and had a child he left the country due to illness i think while she was pregnant came back and then they obviously split up but he left his son well provided for but you think to yourself if his great grandfather had not
111. player was like i don ' t want to yeah please don ' t fix me because if i go back on the pitch and i get concussed again i won ' t even remember my own child yeah and he was like okay but i wanna fix you and then they killed mcdreamy oh my gosh i know he died he died in a car crash didn ' t he? i i yeah
112. a tradition that er that snooker player started it i think donkey ' s years ago when he won the world championship higgins suddenly a tearful higgins yes was brought on with a chil brought on a child? his his child was thrust into his arms you know it ' s and that kind of thing and and this was in the crucible on a sort of a bank holiday monday that ' s ri midnight
113. that snooker player started it i think donkey ' s years ago when he won the world championship higgins suddenly a tearful higgins yes was brought on with a chil brought on a child? his his child was thrust into his arms you know it ' s and that kind of thing and and this was in the crucible on a sort of a bank holiday monday that ' s ri midnight or something like that
120. re under eighteen it doesn ' t say that what? it doesn ' t say that it ' s just saying about i hereby grant blah blah blah permission to collect store use and otherwise exploit my child ' s writing and or speech that ' s if you have a child if if you ' re using a child if you ' re using someone under eighteen in the recording that ' s why it says on
121. t say that it ' s just saying about i hereby grant blah blah blah permission to collect store use and otherwise exploit my child ' s writing and or speech that ' s if you have a child if if you ' re using a child if you ' re using someone under eighteen in the recording that ' s why it says on the back erm er name of my minor parent ' s or guardian
130. fifty yeah and he firmly believes he ' s definitely been er by his own admission in his own words you know in his twenties he was a bit of a ladies ' man you know he had a child in his teens was he? did he? wiwith yeah he when he was eighteen i think his daughter was born and the mother was just seventeen god you know so he ' s definitely you know he
131. yeah but it doesn ' t leave much room for anybody else no and i think this has given him some some space to do it mm er forgive me i can ' t remember are you his only child? erm no he has he had a a daughter is his second wife and he married erm er a woman called june and they had a little girl called who is about i think i think she
132. i told you this didn ' t i? yeah you probably did tell me that i don ' t know why that didn ' t stick in my mind yeah and god i think she was her only child and she was incredibly close to her i think this is probably where some of the tension arose mm you know that she was so and it made me think of erm and erm what ' s her
133. know so there has to be another planet ninety - two million miles from its sun that can sustain life i agree i mean if you think about the fact that you know the whole gestation of a child mm and the creation yes thing that ' s miraculous isn ' t it so you ' re thinking you ' re telling me that yeah life can ' t exist on another planet but that can happen? yeah
135. paced lifestyle well he doesn ' t have to rush is it? he doesn ' t have kids he ' s single he can do whatever he wants i do have what do you mean i have a child? but yeah you in the supermarket you drive me mad you ' re not coming with me when i go into the shop it took us two hours in scotland to do the mats how come you ' re
140. must if you must i think you all need to know that marco and i are in a very loving relationship and have been for two years what? and it ' s been that would make you a child and it ' s been an absolute joy and a privilege this this man is er a demon between the sheets absolutely and he ' s making me truly very happy thank you thank you very happy all he does
149. s okay yeah fine like i said it er cutting it down the middle and that erm is a bit like that fable where they the the the chi the f the two mothers are fighting over the child and the king the wise king decides h which mother ' s gonna get it and they can ' t decide so he says well i ' ll cut the baby in half and the one of the mothers er
150. can all integrate and fuse and push all of our families together we don ' t know that is going to be able to accommodate you no we don no no no no one no no she might single child that ' s a s that ' s a sideshow but if he wants to go there then she says yes then she ' s that ' s fine then she should say okay have a nice christmas and
151. there mm um and being away from my family mm i want like i the thing that fills me with terror which is me getting way ahead of myself of course but i don ' t wanna have a child and be away from my mum mm and not only be away but be an ocean a thirteen - hour plane ride away exactly it is so far isn ' t it it ' s really far and i don
153. the other little boys next to him he ' s like three times their size it ' s cos they sit there and eat shit and then just yeah it ' s just what are you feeding your child at that point? probably kebabs and they ' re like they ' re trying to say it ' s genetics and like it ' s just glands and all that bollocks fucking punch in the
154. not that big no she ' s like and was never that big when he he was never that that big fucking well bad now don ' t even care the thing is that her jesus of course that child is gonna have diabetes by the time it ' s bloody twelve or something he ' s gonna get yeah he ' s gonna have bullied at school he ' s gonna have no confidence during his whole life
157. the village weren ' t far away from us one lived down our road and she disappeared for several several months because she was pregnant right? mm with an american and she come back several months later no child that had been taken away and put up for adoption and other one that lived just up the road from us and exactly the same thing happen she disappeared this is this is in the what was it? ten
158. ' t allowed em well that ' s what it seemed like well the thing is it was very difficult for a single person you know someone who wasn ' t married to you know to bring up a child no that was why most children in that position was brought up by the parents as their children weren ' t they? yeah mm yeah yeah you know there ' s an awful lot of that went on they
159. also i look around and just see eh the world that you ' re bringing your children into how many children already exist? and how many problems there are with that then we need to have our own child or yeah we ' d take a child and give it a home i mean the way you talk it sounds absolutely you know i can understand travelling you you you ' re learning and the way to learn is
160. the world that you ' re bringing your children into how many children already exist? and how many problems there are with that then we need to have our own child or yeah we ' d take a child and give it a home i mean the way you talk it sounds absolutely you know i can understand travelling you you you ' re learning and the way to learn is travel around the world yeah it bothers
161. you you you ' re learning and the way to learn is travel around the world yeah it bothers me as well that i feel like at the age of four you kind of have to give your child up for the state and just kind of like oh yeah school is now notary you ' ve got to do it you got to give your child up and i don ' t really agree with the way
162. age of four you kind of have to give your child up for the state and just kind of like oh yeah school is now notary you ' ve got to do it you got to give your child up and i don ' t really agree with the way they teach in schools or how schools are in general and the idea for me to have a child and then think i get that child for four years
163. got to do it you got to give your child up and i don ' t really agree with the way they teach in schools or how schools are in general and the idea for me to have a child and then think i get that child for four years and then the state takes it until it ' s like sixteen or eighteen and they decide what the child learns and they decide who the child is with and
164. give your child up and i don ' t really agree with the way they teach in schools or how schools are in general and the idea for me to have a child and then think i get that child for four years and then the state takes it until it ' s like sixteen or eighteen and they decide what the child learns and they decide who the child is with and all that kind of stuff and they
165. general and the idea for me to have a child and then think i get that child for four years and then the state takes it until it ' s like sixteen or eighteen and they decide what the child learns and they decide who the child is with and all that kind of stuff and they control them for me i that ' s not the kind of environment i ' d want my child to be in apart
166. have a child and then think i get that child for four years and then the state takes it until it ' s like sixteen or eighteen and they decide what the child learns and they decide who the child is with and all that kind of stuff and they control them for me i that ' s not the kind of environment i ' d want my child to be in apart from i ' d much rather you
167. decide what the child learns and they decide who the child is with and all that kind of stuff and they control them for me i that ' s not the kind of environment i ' d want my child to be in apart from i ' d much rather you know we teach the child i mean and i have said if we could just work part time both of us and we alternate and we make sure that
169. mean and i have said if we could just work part time both of us and we alternate and we make sure that because we have thought that and if you know i ' m at home with the child when she ' s when ' s at work erm yeah and you raise you teach your own child but that ' s not particularly easily done so you don ' t know where you ' re at in
170. make sure that because we have thought that and if you know i ' m at home with the child when she ' s when ' s at work erm yeah and you raise you teach your own child but that ' s not particularly easily done so you don ' t know where you ' re at in ten years do you? we might try and get dual citizenship with another country we ' ve seriously considered
172. i think she then some sort of guidance came out from the unions in little bits and pieces which says you know you make it clear that they can film it yeah but they ' re only filming their child or whatever it is yeah erm and if and if they don ' t and if the child can ' t be filmed then you don ' t put them in play yeah that makes sense why stop if
173. says you know you make it clear that they can film it yeah but they ' re only filming their child or whatever it is yeah erm and if and if they don ' t and if the child can ' t be filmed then you don ' t put them in play yeah that makes sense why stop if for the majority yeah because of one person yeah course i mean people are so proud of they '
178. to fat club to get fatter why? to get fatter why? oh is that a joke? yeah yeah we could only four out of three hundred and sixty - nine families spotted that their child was very overweight well i don ' t know how they do those surveys they surveyed nearly three thousand families yeah but wei they probably just weighed their children and asked them is your child obese? well
179. spotted that their child was very overweight well i don ' t know how they do those surveys they surveyed nearly three thousand families yeah but wei they probably just weighed their children and asked them is your child obese? well what if the child was and they didn ' t reckon listening? you wouldn ' t want to say yes if they were listening would you really if you ' re well i think it
180. well i don ' t know how they do those surveys they surveyed nearly three thousand families yeah but wei they probably just weighed their children and asked them is your child obese? well what if the child was and they didn ' t reckon listening? you wouldn ' t want to say yes if they were listening would you really if you ' re well i think it ' s a ticky box thing isn
183. here you ' ve already said that you ' re gonna punch somebody in the stomach if they ' re pregnant and you ' ve head butted a person in the face even if it ' s your child but if you ' re not allowed to be involved that baby ' s getting batted can i have some of your juice? is it in the other one? yeah it ' s in the other one it
186. yeah there aren ' t many of us and if or i never have children well it ' s soon to die out well no erm going back to my s half - sister i believe has a child so from my dad the baton will have been on on from his dad definitely cos ' s had so many children and so many grandchildren yeah she ' s got loads so er yes i could genetically hit
187. ' ll probably adopt if we end up having children wow just when we ' re forty or something and then at least we can choose and we were thinking if wei think the best time to adopt a child would be just before they go to university so if i pay for them to go to uni and then we ' ve got an agreement going on and then they just pay they sort us out when we
191. re not yeah you ' re not going a to b no you are literally just unadulterated yeah falling through time and space yeah experiencing your true experiencing self the new born baby the chi the child beautiful beautiful yeah it ' s absolutely wonderful experience and i ' d recommend to anyone listening to try and get your hands on something like that erm if you haven ' t already yeah completely riskless yeah
200. oh my god i want i want that room like and she she kind of erm i guess she ' s been looking into a lot cos she ' s just had a year like having this child and she ' s like there ' s no one that really does a good aesthetic for kids it ' s like it ' s like either really really retarded like patronising like or or like really
201. maybe i ' ll make stuff for like just i think honestly she just hasn ' t had anything like had a creative outlet for like two years cos she ' s incubated and raised this child mm you know? incubated yeah incubated for one year and raised it for one year so an incubator and then she ' s done her first ki creative project which literally just decor
205. about a week alright ladies and gentleman i ' m going to lay my head are you alright? bye good night i shall see you tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow night night shall i get laurie and show the the child? the baby yeah he ' s child like what do i need? i think i need a hot chocolate do you know what i need? a cake? cake or phish food ice cream where is
206. ' m going to lay my head are you alright? bye good night i shall see you tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow night night shall i get laurie and show the the child? the baby yeah he ' s child like what do i need? i think i need a hot chocolate do you know what i need? a cake? cake or phish food ice cream where is the phish food ice cream? like
207. actually not that cool and then my canadian friend this is probably way too gossipy erm she said erm that he came onto her at a queen concert when was pregnant with their with their first child really? and i just thought do you know what? i just don ' t even wanna and the thing is though ' s really nice but i just didn ' t want to meet her do you believe
217. re in australia you ' re going to need to get rid of that so they ' re not they ' re not his kids? they ' re not his kids and he ' s only got one child which is my mum does she know what happened like why he didn ' t stick around? well she she was a one night it was a one night stand ah but my nan it turns out was was
220. get her title of the mum of the year stripped? god knows cos she used to walk fifty miles back and forth each day to fetch water no she didn ' t she probably just has a child no but she it ' s like bum of the year? how do you become rear of the year? exactly who who organises that? fhm no rear of the year isn ' t fhm
221. like health reasons um yeah cos that ' s the other thing that it ' s risky it ' s really risky erm i think it ' s more risky if you haven ' t had a child right if it ' s your first one which she has yeah so it lowers the risk but obviously you know you ' re in your forties so it does runs a risk mm um but everything is healthy
222. you know i did adopt a ba a baby so i was lucky and that has been hugely fulfilling and so you know that ' s what i did instead and yeah there are other ways of getting a child and erm erm so then you know i ' ve built it up in my mind as being you know it would be this enormous like you know psychological thing but actually do you know it wasn '
229. would have to take priority really i mean er would would no no would have to take priority yeah sorry yeah yeah do do you know what i mean? that that yeah cos he is ' s child yeah right? it ' s not as if yeah it ' s just your child yeah you know? yeah so to get to get say say to the irish school right? yeah erm he ' d
230. take priority yeah sorry yeah yeah do do you know what i mean? that that yeah cos he is ' s child yeah right? it ' s not as if yeah it ' s just your child yeah you know? yeah so to get to get say say to the irish school right? yeah erm he ' d have to sort of say sorry i can ' t take you to university oh yeah
231. money there erm it would er really i then i came up with sort of idea i thought mm one of my children could live yeah and pay the bills and i could go and live with another child and i would have two two rooms one in in one possibly in and one and one yeah in road and then the erm like whoever was living in my house yeah erm would have to put up
234. go to it yet no don ' t know anybody that ' s there no no no just she just booked oh free settling in sessions ah free settling in what to expect build relationships with you and your child excellent our fees and charges now this is what? find out what it ' s gonna cost we are yeah find out what it ' s gonna cost and our nursery runs from september the first to august thirty
235. many know how many children they take at a time? no idea mm i go and ask for this one mm so it doesn ' t say exactly how much your u the minimum number of sessions your child can be booked into the nursery for is two sessions per week one session equals either a morning or afternoon half day so the minimum is one full day okay okay yeah so that ' s so that will suit
244. so i don ' t really know what he is thinking yeah my my friend is pregnant she is seven months pregnant she ' s older i think she is thirty and erm they were like oh your child has got this like so they do a down ' s syndrome test now no that ' s really good like really negative they ' re like yeah especially for your age she was like what do you mean especially
245. but they ' d only been married oh eighteen months? yeah and erm she had a li and i didn ' t know she ' d had a little boy oh right mm i never knew this child existed and apparently he lives in erm america or canada or wherever mm and er he contacted on facebook in vietnam right and he said i don ' t suppose you ' re my dad are you? oh
248. oh god so it was quite difficult and is so remind me again really different to her as well let ' s have a recap so ' s mother was married to this guy mm and had a child with him a son he that ' s the oldest brother mm they then separated and ' s mum married ' s real father dad mm they had and they had ' s sister they had two children together mm
249. two children together mm and then but ' s dad assumed the role of father fully over because the other guy disappeared basically so really ' s father completely raised brought up the three children brought up the three child brought the older son up as well as his own in every sense mm and he was fully inside their family mm although he does have a relationship with his father now his real father kind of came back into
251. my god and they were friends subsequently so and then it again happened that came into the picture oh gosh and by that stage they were quite o like in their early forties so immediately had a child mm mm and that ' s the youngest son and he i mean then the now the three of them are kind of so when goes back really the person he grew up with is his mum more or less
253. they they escaped rather than they were liberated in forty - five they were they escaped yeah and they erm went to israel in nineteen forty - four forty - five and then immediately i guess had a child but they joined one of these communities cooperative communities that had already been set up which were later called the kibbutz but the people that originally went were zionists and very staunch socialists they were like com
271. anyway oh she was? oh so she was learnt she learnt spanish er italian before she had any children? yeah ah so i always thought how difficult it must be to go through the whole having a child thing and still trying to learn the language good lord i didn ' t think these these they never forecast this this rain might have some light showers they said yeah today was meant to be alright wasn ' t
274. oh mm i my friend ' s mum does that yeah i ' d it would be the short - term things i interviewed a lady yesterday that just yeah there ' s an issue or problem have this child baby now yeah four days whatever until it gets in to wherever it ' s going and just yeah yeah really hard she erm gives up her weekends mm every other weekend although it can swap around a little
277. they ' re with foster parents mm maybe short term maybe long term but that foster parent needs a break yeah bit of respite oh right yeah so every other weekend mm this lady will have the child or the children just just overnight really mm j a couple of nights mm to give the the foster parents a break so she ' s like a foster foster parent yeah mm erm and i wow i really
287. they get to a c and you know you ' re not gonna see a you know eighteenth month old on a treadmill on a cross trainer baby it ' s just like how do you let your child you are fat look at you it ' s like how do you let your child get this fat? i ' m moving my thing sorry i suppose i suppose just feed it what if it cries? the
288. know eighteenth month old on a treadmill on a cross trainer baby it ' s just like how do you let your child you are fat look at you it ' s like how do you let your child get this fat? i ' m moving my thing sorry i suppose i suppose just feed it what if it cries? the obviously the it starts crying and but that is spoon in the mouth it ' s
290. you find you know names of like old people spicy nan or a plain nan? yeah like can you imagine what them as a child? naming a baby that? like i wouldn ' t name a child margaret yeah like my my nan is called or no but imagine when when you ' re old you ' re gonna be like grandma? and then everyone ' d be like oh imagine naming your child how weird
291. a child margaret yeah like my my nan is called or no but imagine when when you ' re old you ' re gonna be like grandma? and then everyone ' d be like oh imagine naming your child how weird would that be? have you seen like the names that are coming up i ' m gonna be coming up in the generations so bad isn ' t it? what dolly dolly rosie maybe your kids
295. because we want to do our protest they said no we want to get donations and they said it ' s racist yeah hello oh just sleep on these are these are people that literally said that if their child their own child got hit by a car and died instantly they would rejoice in that because it is a g it is a decision made by god and they are meant to rejoice in all
296. to do our protest they said no we want to get donations and they said it ' s racist yeah hello oh just sleep on these are these are people that literally said that if their child their own child got hit by a car and died instantly they would rejoice in that because it is a g it is a decision made by god and they are meant to rejoice in all decisions their child
297. got hit by a car and died instantly they would rejoice in that because it is a g it is a decision made by god and they are meant to rejoice in all decisions their child if their if someone decides to leave the church they ' re like banished from the church and not allowed to have any contact and they asked do you are you sad? you know you can ' t speak
298. beliefs and their lifestyles on something that potentially isn ' t real and yet and yet they abuse people who are you know you know exist based on it ' s just the fact they said my own child could be hit by a car could be killed and i would rejoice in that because it is a decision made by god there well is is it the fact that there are gay people a decision made
301. yeah at all like there ' s one thing like you know being crazy about it but i mean she reads every day without fail she has to read every day without fail i think if you want your child to to to you know perform really well then you ne you need to do it yeah cos otherwise they ' ll they ' re just you know well that ' s like my ar my argument with er
302. he she could be doing numerous things she could do stuff at home with him it ' s just bone idleness isn ' t it though? this is another thing people leave their entire care of their child and the education of the child down to the education system to the school and then they blame the school when they don ' t do very well or something yeah it ' s not you know you ' re
308. ##m you said about family we have a couple in the teaching she ' s norwegian and he ' s israeli and they met when they were travelling abroad and he lives there with her now they have a child and erm i was talking to him about it sort of saying how how do you find norway i can ' t think of any two more diametrically opposed countries and obviously they ' d decided to
312. i ' ve never done that i ' d never be like oh that the that women this is this is what this says eileen was a lovely women no one says that a single women can have a child now you say single women can have children now but you wouldn ' t say a you wouldn ' t say a single women can have a child now it ' s stupid old norse eggs and italian pianos that
313. women no one says that a single women can have a child now you say single women can have children now but you wouldn ' t say a you wouldn ' t say a single women can have a child now it ' s stupid old norse eggs and italian pianos that ' s the next title one of the main causes of plural puzzlement lies in the fact that english words is full of words that have been
314. weren ' t yeah false arguments and false arguments it change direction quite easily yeah i mean the argument they used very kind of emotive things like oh you ' re you ' re neglecting your child if you ' re not giving them immunisations yeah that was basically the main kind of of the argument and you want yeah and that erm what ' s the other argument? that you say
316. ' s just wrong because for the whole community yeah it ' s wrong yeah that ' s the argument yeah exactly for the whole community it ' s wrong not just for your child your neglecting your child and neglecting the community yeah you ' re putting everybody else in danger yeah stuff like that and that ' s the spin they gave it and yeah that ' s the spin of erm of them that
321. did you? and then i introduced all my mates to it because yeah mum used to play it i think my mum basically the there were five kids yeah but there ' s five years in between each child oh right so as one went to school to school another one came along it was like oh it would be nice to have a little one running round so that ' s what they did which meant she would
323. some kind of conversation mm it doesn ' t matter what it ' s about i want them to start to like me as a person that ' s interested in them yeah that ' s it and their child or their dog yeah and then you ' re open and receptive and therefore they will l then the pressure ' s off isn ' t it? yeah yeah exactly it ' s like when you go into
324. did come and you were you know obviously your money that had gone and you were dhss at that point you erm would have be not a single person any more you have a a dependent a child now if you only had a one bedroom there is a chance not not very good chance in this area that you could be rehoused with the two bedroom if you ' re in ' s area that
325. area that you could be rehoused with the two bedroom if you ' re in ' s area that would be quite quick i mean for instance had she had a two - bedroom flat and one child erm november she had the baby was born she registered that you know with the council or housing association in erm december just before christmas i think or maybe a i don ' t know in december and
327. no darling down there look there ' s quite a bit okay well oh no you can use that anyway okay i can do that cos i got my bank statement yeah yeah proof of address for your child that goldfinch now aren ' t there? mm what has it got there? proof of address the different things they accept mm that can you see it? oh it ' s come the photoph
331. who rent properties so now i ' m gonna have to change that mm say i i now found i can well well say that ananyone can i can if i if i ' ve got a child mm if i ' ve got a child then i can because she ' ll think you only want for the yeah yeah that ' s true you say the situation is that i ' ve not just found that
332. gonna have to change that mm say i i now found i can well well say that ananyone can i can if i if i ' ve got a child mm if i ' ve got a child then i can because she ' ll think you only want for the yeah yeah that ' s true you say the situation is that i ' ve not just found that i am eligible and i can rent a
333. what ' s good for cos mm she doesn ' t care what you want no she cares what hopefully cares with what will have mm more than what you want you know you wanna be with your child and tough as far as she ' s concerned but she should be listening to what ' s best for mm and she ' s moving to for school mm you know but she still hasn ' t got free
336. early seventies mm mm and my parents were born mid forties mm mm so yeah they were probably the last generation of that my generation certainly both partners go out to work equally although still domestic chores and child raising i suppose it ' s predominantly still perceived as a female role but i do think even my mum even though she went out to work she still did all of the chores and yeah she i i suppose
337. ' t now? which is the irony because her mum contacted me can she write you a letter? but and yeah it it was the whole thing that must have tried to make me think that the child is in china yeah and then the letter never got there because chinese post is rubbish mm erm but you know again that ' s shortsighted because sure enough would have written oh i ' m not
343. grandma grandad nan nanny definitely you know let them just do what they wanna do or or at the same er the t and i meai mean this to the parents does it really matter? your child is being looked after they ' re loved and that person wants to be yeah that p that that status in their life and they ' re playing that role so why not let them? yeah does it really
344. she had her first one well yeah but shouldn ' t it grow should if you ' re if you ' re old enough to if you ' re old enough to have sex to conceive a child mm and to choose to be a parent you ' re old enough to make paren p adult decisions and and and it ' s immature you it ' s being immature one would hope so but people have
345. s just do you know what? let ' s just relax for a second let ' s chill erm and they got used to actually just being themselves and then it was actually if we bring a child in and go through the adoption process which t could take ab up to three years then or more mm and they might not any get anything like with just they might not get anything out of it they might
346. five to ten years is the problem but do you see them in your future? do you see them in your future though? erm and i both love to experience erm and therefore having a child would be one of the biggest experiences we could possibly have so obviously that ' s a massive draw erm however there ' s some negatives we probably wouldn ' t be ready to have children until late
347. late thirties so then we ' ve thought well maybe if we are ready we ' ll adopt or something we ' ve considered that and we kind of you know discussed probably the best age to adopt a child would be just before they go to university so we could just pay for university and then er when you get old they ' ll look after you you crack me up shut up w you er d good luck
349. it depends on what you find a struggle and what each person finds a struggle i have a one of the biggest problems for me is this idea that at the age of four i have to give my child up to the government and then they decide how my child is educated and how my child is brought up and what my child does with its days until the age of eighteen and then my child ' s probably
350. person finds a struggle i have a one of the biggest problems for me is this idea that at the age of four i have to give my child up to the government and then they decide how my child is educated and how my child is brought up and what my child does with its days until the age of eighteen and then my child ' s probably too angry to really talk to me until it ' s
351. a one of the biggest problems for me is this idea that at the age of four i have to give my child up to the government and then they decide how my child is educated and how my child is brought up and what my child does with its days until the age of eighteen and then my child ' s probably too angry to really talk to me until it ' s like twentysomething just seriously
352. me is this idea that at the age of four i have to give my child up to the government and then they decide how my child is educated and how my child is brought up and what my child does with its days until the age of eighteen and then my child ' s probably too angry to really talk to me until it ' s like twentysomething just seriously i mean get to the age of
353. give my child up to the government and then they decide how my child is educated and how my child is brought up and what my child does with its days until the age of eighteen and then my child ' s probably too angry to really talk to me until it ' s like twentysomething just seriously i mean get to the age of four oh i ' ve got my child now i have to give
354. eighteen and then my child ' s probably too angry to really talk to me until it ' s like twentysomething just seriously i mean get to the age of four oh i ' ve got my child now i have to give it to the public school system which i don ' t think is a good education system at all and then they decide what my child learns and they decide and there ' s systems
355. of four oh i ' ve got my child now i have to give it to the public school system which i don ' t think is a good education system at all and then they decide what my child learns and they decide and there ' s systems outside of that but you can ' t afford to privately teach your children so why are you going into the education system then if you feel strongly about it?
356. children through and like i don ' t wanna live in england particularly so yeah but you ' re not gonna live in eng er england are you? unless where am i gonna be when i have a child? unless something dramatically changes or you you feel that something ' s changed within you guys mm that you want to that ' s never been an option for you i mean how old are you now? thirty
357. think like okay well let ' s say i do want children how far do i have to get well how long ' s it gonna take me to get settled in a country where i can have a child? cos i ' m not the type i wouldn ' t i know it ' s not good for the child to move them about all the time i ' ve met children like that? they are
358. s it gonna take me to get settled in a country where i can have a child? cos i ' m not the type i wouldn ' t i know it ' s not good for the child to move them about all the time i ' ve met children like that? they are intelligent and highly cultured but they don ' t fit in with the people that are around them so yeah they '
359. ? they are intelligent and highly cultured but they don ' t fit in with the people that are around them so yeah they ' re loners almost yeah yeah they yeah it ' s a great child really mm and i ' m sure they ' ll be successful and whatever but they don ' t fit in with the people that yeah are around them so i don ' t wanna do that to my child
360. really mm and i ' m sure they ' ll be successful and whatever but they don ' t fit in with the people that yeah are around them so i don ' t wanna do that to my child so i need to find a country where i ' m can be settled yeah i need to have got qualified enough and get a good enough job it ' s not fair on the child either they ' re
363. mm and we ' ve chosen to erm commit to one another marry and spend the rest of our lives with one another er but you have the ultimate say you ' re the person that carries the child and delivers the child er well yeah absoabsolute the man really doesn ' t get much of a choice well absolutely but it it affects you know yes you know i carry the child i deliver
364. ve chosen to erm commit to one another marry and spend the rest of our lives with one another er but you have the ultimate say you ' re the person that carries the child and delivers the child er well yeah absoabsolute the man really doesn ' t get much of a choice well absolutely but it it affects you know yes you know i carry the child i deliver the child and he
365. the child and delivers the child er well yeah absoabsolute the man really doesn ' t get much of a choice well absolutely but it it affects you know yes you know i carry the child i deliver the child and he ' ll be off working and i ' ll be here during the day and all that sort of stuff but there ' s it affects the man a lot more er sorry er
366. the child er well yeah absoabsolute the man really doesn ' t get much of a choice well absolutely but it it affects you know yes you know i carry the child i deliver the child and he ' ll be off working and i ' ll be here during the day and all that sort of stuff but there ' s it affects the man a lot more er sorry erm equally as much
367. it because of you know they it definitely affects us just as much but i ' m what i ' m saying is that you get the choice er aabsolutely if you wanna have a child then you ' ll have a child if you don ' t wanna have a child then you won ' t have a child yeah yeah cos no one can force me to yeah exactly yeah so it doesn
368. definitely affects us just as much but i ' m what i ' m saying is that you get the choice er aabsolutely if you wanna have a child then you ' ll have a child if you don ' t wanna have a child then you won ' t have a child yeah yeah cos no one can force me to yeah exactly yeah so it doesn ' t really matter what we think
369. m what i ' m saying is that you get the choice er aabsolutely if you wanna have a child then you ' ll have a child if you don ' t wanna have a child then you won ' t have a child yeah yeah cos no one can force me to yeah exactly yeah so it doesn ' t really matter what we think it ' s no i er well it er
370. you get the choice er aabsolutely if you wanna have a child then you ' ll have a child if you don ' t wanna have a child then you won ' t have a child yeah yeah cos no one can force me to yeah exactly yeah so it doesn ' t really matter what we think it ' s no i er well it er i mean for me i i think we
371. excellent mother but thank you i don ' t know if we would you would i don ' t know i ' m not very good at hiding things that i resent i think if i resented my child can you imagine how that would be? there isn ' t but er yeah but you never resent your child and d you ' d absolutely adore people say that but that ' s a fear you
372. m not very good at hiding things that i resent i think if i resented my child can you imagine how that would be? there isn ' t but er yeah but you never resent your child and d you ' d absolutely adore people say that but that ' s a fear you what if you turn around like i have a child and then it ' s four and i ' m like man
373. ' t but er yeah but you never resent your child and d you ' d absolutely adore people say that but that ' s a fear you what if you turn around like i have a child and then it ' s four and i ' m like man i really need to travel like really need to just change my life and i can ' t because of that child that i then learn to res
374. around like i have a child and then it ' s four and i ' m like man i really need to travel like really need to just change my life and i can ' t because of that child that i then learn to resent cos i just like end up hating them for like ten years y i know but the thing is is that by the time they ' re four yeah but by the
375. you yeah i know i could ' ve been doing something erm but the thing is that because er by the time they ' re four you will ' ve had four years to completely bond with that child and you would love them inside and out and do anything for them and you ' ve made that choice to set it er and you would never make that choice if you weren ' t a hundred percent happy
376. that pe some people in the family are having children quite young and stuff i ' m like concern just cos the amount of years you ' ve got like i was surprised that and had had a child yeah i know so young and i ' m su i was we were very we were very i don ' t know i don ' t know what they ' re like together but y i ' m sure
377. gonna want people or want different things so and then the cycle just repeats again but you ' ve been with s but and i and you and have been together for that long yeah but you throw a child in the mix it ' s er very different mm especially if you threw a child in the mix pretty early i mean right you haven ' t really got to know each other but they ' ve been together
378. you ' ve been with s but and i and you and have been together for that long yeah but you throw a child in the mix it ' s er very different mm especially if you threw a child in the mix pretty early i mean right you haven ' t really got to know each other but they ' ve been together since for they had been together for a while for two or three years yeah but
379. s what i mean like i think when you ' re with someone at a young age you have to grow together and we ' ve managed to do that and that ' s great but to throw a child in there as well mm i wouldn ' t wanna do it no you need the room to breathe and develop as a couple but quite often they don ' t have enough time for each other when you '
380. mm i wouldn ' t wanna do it no you need the room to breathe and develop as a couple but quite often they don ' t have enough time for each other when you ' ve got a child yeah i wouldn ' t wanna do it because you guys have been able to experience you s at er at er l er by yourself and together mm you know and i have experienced ourselves and together as well
381. her dad ' s getting old and like she kind of does she? is that? is she er was her parents quite old when they had her then? yeah i mean she ' s the fourth child so right oh sorry she ' s the the youngest so her dad ' s like seventy now i mean sh wow she ' s the main reason that we ' re at home now yeah we had two options
382. on a bit of weight didn ' t he? but then he ' s shrunk down again yeah no he has he did yeah majorly bless him yeah and well he ' s had a child yeah i know how time changes oh my god i know i think it ' s just like with? yeah? yeah? yeah cool oh my gosh yeah i spoke to the other day as well yeah
383. and when you think was like what ten pound something he was an elephant wasn ' t he? yeah he was a beast no so i ' ve got a friend that erm she had her first child good friend she says she keeps having she ' s had flashbacks to the labour oh i di don ' t think it ' s fair that people say it because i think people who haven ' t had children
384. feel myself to feel back to normal mm and then it was like i never felt the sense of broodiness but i just sort of thought i knew that i didn ' t want to be an only child no it was time to have another it ' s not it ' s not a it it ' s not fair really i felt like i was doing it for my own selfish reasons and i thought i was
385. know they they do this and they can do that and they ' re writing sentences at three and a half years old and you just yeah and it ' s almost like a race to how quickly your child can this is one of the main problems i have with the education system really is that we ' re we g we have this idea that you need to be at the peak of your education by the age
387. mingling with who they mingle with and however you wanna put it that it they ' re that is who they become you know so yeah mm yeah all these stresses of having children i think one child i think yeah i i would do everything i can and i ' d plug em in but at the same time i ' ve s i ' ve got friends who were in private school and the way they
388. like he ' s always trying he ' s fine he ' s well behaved and stuff he ' s just like yeah yeah he has the i think he he is must be weird to think about your child and like but i mean it doesn ' t matter how much you in he ' s easily distrahe ' s easily distracted so he ' ll c doesn ' t matter how much you input it really
390. ' t matter how much you input it really is up to the child isn ' t it? the type of personality they are well this is it because everything i did with and because he was first child i was completely anal yeah so it was like you know every night it would be like reading but also you know making sure he was learning alphabet mm and words and numbers and so i was doing all of
391. what? i mean but look look at she didn ' t do much with and seems very sort of you know well adaptable and forward and whatever so i think cos he it was my first child i was one of these oh my gosh you know do everything mum was like that with me i think she was a bit not quite the she was quite anal i think yeah but and i think oh
392. mortgage or getting himself just something yeah you know maybe if he doesn ' t have any more then when they ' re older you know well the thing is what are they gonna do? have an only child like you know i think they ' d like another child yeah they ' ll have another one but is is er quite sensible he ' s like well if you want another child one you ' ve gotta get
393. he doesn ' t have any more then when they ' re older you know well the thing is what are they gonna do? have an only child like you know i think they ' d like another child yeah they ' ll have another one but is is er quite sensible he ' s like well if you want another child one you ' ve gotta get back into work mm and secondly not for at least four
394. do? have an only child like you know i think they ' d like another child yeah they ' ll have another one but is is er quite sensible he ' s like well if you want another child one you ' ve gotta get back into work mm and secondly not for at least four years like you know he goes i have to find my feet the problem is i just think when you marry that young
395. ##enting your children? and i ' m sure most people don ' t like ninety - five yeah no no no yeah no but what if i turn around and i ' m great having into having a child and then you know they ' re six and i ' m going i need to get out of here i need to travel i need to do something but this is how i feel with your mum and dad
398. ah no two dogs but they were his parents dogs but i don ' t get to see them now cos my sister and her ex - fiance literally it ' s like their pug is a child like he gets to have him on weekends and she has full custody ah no i ' m not even joking she literally refers to as if it were a person like my nephew yeah literally there babe? i
412. trouble getting together again after the war but i think because probably because of mother ' s big romance erm th it she was able to to do it he was married anyway the romance and had a child so they agreed between them that they could not break up these all these situations and th just out of selfishness so i think they would ' ve decided that anyway but erm the contrast between you having
414. is because of the schools i know it ' s really annoying it ' s really really annoying it ' s just like i ' m sorry private school mums piss off taking your chil your one child to school in your land rover can ' t you get them on a bus? yeah put them in a bus or do a car share or something like it is genuinely ridiculous the difference between going to work
422. ' d be lovely to my children cos people get so sick of their children when like when they get to like age six or seven cos they turn into little brats and what if the child annoyed you though? how bad would that be? it would they ' re supposed to annoy you but like what if you didn ' t like? like yyou know those kids that you meet and
423. ' re so annoying well it ' s like love that love thing isn ' t like? that you love your children yeah for no matter what they do to you i guess like if i love my child as much as i love like say my cat i think i ' d be good i think you will you ' re supposed to yeah you will like well some people have trouble like bonding with their baby when
424. sort of thing yeah they do but they eventually you know? they eventually kind of yeah yeah apparently breast feeding helps what? stops you from being depressed? no no just like makes you connect with your child oh i ' m like no this is fun i ' m having a ball yeah no i doubt it really doubt that i i i ' m not sure i like the idea of breast feeding to be honest
426. policy that ' s oh what? that ' s just their policy they it ' s their policy the don ' t get infected do they? makes life easier for them they ' ll have one less child and that ' s one less and just and they still have to pay yeah that ' s true but has to well i suppose i suppose it ' s looking after an ill child which wouldn ' t be
436. i mean come on i feel like if you ' re travelling i paid three quid for my ticket yeah i feel like if you ' re travel so what you know you ' re travelling with your child you weren ' t taking up a seat er for one give someone a break do you know what i mean least they ' re doing something with their children well that ' s it innit? jesus we
437. for for for members that i mean like his daughter was there and you know and they were saying you know saying things like well of course he found life even more difficult after he ' d had a child you know very tactful and this poor kid ' s been through suic her his her father committed suicide and then sheshe ' s it ' s almost as if she ' s to blame
439. i don ' t think lady pirates actually had children i don ' t think they did i think that would ' ve been quite tricky why? well it would ' ve been a bit awkward having a child on a ship wouldn ' t it? no like if you had the child on land mm at least the child would never get seasick cos they ' d be on the ship their entire life i
440. they did i think that would ' ve been quite tricky why? well it would ' ve been a bit awkward having a child on a ship wouldn ' t it? no like if you had the child on land mm at least the child would never get seasick cos they ' d be on the ship their entire life i know but you don ' t want a child seeing piratey things do you
441. ve been quite tricky why? well it would ' ve been a bit awkward having a child on a ship wouldn ' t it? no like if you had the child on land mm at least the child would never get seasick cos they ' d be on the ship their entire life i know but you don ' t want a child seeing piratey things do you? well no they would think it
446. have different sensitivities to them exactly and we there ' ve been tests erm dodone done after okay oh right erm of of particularly after birth of er er er looking after a child mm erm and men and women basically have the same responses in terms of the hormones that gets released in terms of attachment to the child mm yet almost everyone would assume that women are instinctively more drawn to
447. of of particularly after birth of er er er looking after a child mm erm and men and women basically have the same responses in terms of the hormones that gets released in terms of attachment to the child mm yet almost everyone would assume that women are instinctively more drawn to looking after a child but yeah there ' s i mean i don ' t i ' m not saying that ' s completely false but it
448. men and women basically have the same responses in terms of the hormones that gets released in terms of attachment to the child mm yet almost everyone would assume that women are instinctively more drawn to looking after a child but yeah there ' s i mean i don ' t i ' m not saying that ' s completely false but it ' s definitely not completely true and it ' s definitely more complicated so yeah erm
449. like cos cos at a hunter gatherer stage it made more sense to have like a a specific unit between people like one person to go and forage and hunt another person to raise a child and maybe also forage as well yeah yeah yeah so we are also partially at least engrained with the idea that monogamy is a is beneficial yeah mm hm but also not cos of the
450. named kid one white named kid yeah you you yeah you flip a coin which one ' s the asian kid i think that ' s a major discussion point though within a couple in a marriage what? child names baby names especially between i don ' t know sometime sometimes it ' s different sometime they let one of them take first one like okay so really wanted to call him because his grandfather him and his son
451. ' ve never a friend ' s i ' ve literally never heard it as a name before no? harley they won ' t be long till they ' re asleep okay just watching gruffalo ' s child i ' ve watched gruffalo ' s child it ' s alright yeah i never liked it why? cash in mate dunno i just don ' t yeah it is cash in i just big time but
452. ve literally never heard it as a name before no? harley they won ' t be long till they ' re asleep okay just watching gruffalo ' s child i ' ve watched gruffalo ' s child it ' s alright yeah i never liked it why? cash in mate dunno i just don ' t yeah it is cash in i just big time but oh i like love all of the b i
453. there do they look do they look anywhere near going to sleep? no not really i mean i ' m not an expert but i would say no are they both still just watching gruffalo ' s child? no that ' s over that ' s finished with what are they doing? they said they thought the second one was a bit derivative what was on? gruffalo ' s child on the d who
454. ##alo ' s child? no that ' s over that ' s finished with what are they doing? they said they thought the second one was a bit derivative what was on? gruffalo ' s child on the d who? on the portable dvd player what was it? did you watch it? gruffalo ' s child yeah dad what? gruffalo ' s child have to watched it yet? there
462. got any signal no? oh need to get my charger need to get my charger from the car i ' m on i ' m eyes in the sky cool i will invidulate your child nearest nearest holiday holiday more than this open oh it might be easier just to this is the future of charging well not quite if you ' ve got the now there ' s a sentence an opening gambit
469. photo in because mm i hope i assume she hasn ' t i assume her friends dobbed her in that ' s fucking mental you ' ve got issues and shouldn ' t be allowed to keep your child er don ' t like that er uh the monkey mask? i don ' t like it i er found her on facebook you know? really? yeah i did some er stalking yeah she ' s b
470. not a choice it ' s like a sexual attraction yeah like er it would be for a man or a woman or yeah man and man it ' s um er er a man on female for a child it ' s sick and it ' s wrong but it ' s something that they have to fight against all the time yeah i ' m not saying you know that ' s like us feel sorry for them
471. really tainted his opinion on people because those are the types of people that he ' s met huh like two and a half years man such a long time of your life if you think that his youngest child is like six or seven so that ' s two and a half years that you missed of your children ' s life is that why he broke up with his wife then? his girlfriend whatever no they no
472. ##gged he found out she was pregnant he left or they ' d broken up and then she said oh i ' m pregnant and he didn ' t go back so they were never together when their last child was born and then all this happened about a year or so later wowsers but like obviously he was telling me he was finishing off the story when we were in the pub and he ' s like
492. just sit and listen for the moment carry on and he and he and there ' s the circus in town that like offers a space for a new per for like three new people two parents and one child? right and because jamie is an only child and doesn ' t have millions of sisters uhu or brothers or sisters he thinks it ' s a brilliant idea and his parents uhu s erm were
495. do you know there ' s a lot of people do that now? why? i don ' t know i mean why would they d? we couldn ' t understand why she ' d want her child had dual citizen that ' s right chinese citizenship no well ' s friend yeah they had the baby ' s birth at the same time yeah but that ' s what one of em come back to edinburgh where
498. then b much like this they ' re mental and they get back together he s they shag she has been telling him that she ' s on the pill and she has been ever since the previous child was born so who ' s two at this point i think cos three years between them he says can you just take the morning after pill just in case they just got back together and she ' s
499. obviously took that morning after pill she was like yeah of course yeah i know no wants new babies quick cook me a baby oh my good gosh yes they never got back together so their this third child came along and they ' re no longer in a relationship together yeah he thinks she ' s a fucking psycho well sh she ' s a quite clearly a fucking psycho yeah but then he was like uh it
504. i ' d move him to full term erm and then you know? it ' s not as much to ask your other two mummies think you should have wednesday ' s to yourself send your child and leave him in for the morning at least and have a bit of time i feel too mean if it was three if i worked three days a week he loves it why? i know well it '
507. scene right and that ' s probably what triggered that divorce yeah yeah but then her you know who ' s who ' s my grandad and ' s dad yeah he went on to have a second child with erm with her mum yeah so it wasn ' t just like a flash in the pan thing no it wasn ' t just a a bit of yeah but they actually had a boy as well as
509. s side of the family always felt mum married dad married i mean they beneath him yeah but they had oh dear eight children and they still had holidays every year and they had a car and er each child in the photograph had yeah er said auntie your au great you know aun gr auntie great mm auntie to you was er said that he was i think okay money - wise mm mm fair
520. her wartime travels don ' t you? mm i ' ve told you that you know prisoner in siberia and in recent years we found out that she had to travel down through kazakhstan lost at least one child if not two and ended up in africa in a hospital working and they had the choice of going to america britain or back to poland and she had to come to britain because she ' d got a bucket
521. had a baby on the train that died on the train so whether she ' d had the baby that died on the train and then er she she was living in kazakhstan for a bit i think this child it said on it she died of pneumonia bless her mm so in the end she had had more children but in the end there was yeah and his sister i did say to her once what was the name
522. neither is it a guarantee i think if you have good looking parents i mean even then it ' s still not totally guaranteed that that they way that their jeans will merge together will create a good looking child i had a friend when i played netball called hayley who was really like she was a model you know like stupidly good looking yeah and her mom and dad were both like funny looking people her dad
523. anything well they ' ll ring you if you ' re in the house i should know well yeah yeah you get a ring yeah cos you get a phone call home yeah cos said if your child ' s in the house erm will have received a phone call yes she ' s right tell so that ' s just i ' ve been on the end of that the very next day oh no after
528. just for like study time? what in sixth form? yeah er yes have they got a name those? it has yeah yeah so i had a text to say for your information will be er your child your son daughter will be kept back for detention on the seventeenth of march for not attending this oh class told me about that obviously a genuine misunderstanding mis yeah or he was at the careers talk or something that
530. the moment but erm in time hopefully it will still be the same well you just apply straight away for one apparently that ' s what you can do yes that ' s right on behalf of your child cos was born in england yeah mm he got a p kiwi passport pretty yeah no that ' s that ' s the way that you do it that ' s the way you do it mm he
532. his dinner yeah with his case of clothes for the week oh yeah because he ' s with you all week now mm mm what would she do? well she wouldn ' t go on holiday without her child would she? wouldn ' t book herself a holiday w thinking that ' s alright they can yeah not long ago it was bloody day and night not too many people can do that can they? no book
533. asked them if you said my cleared so could you speak coherently and say that again? it ' d it ' d be really funny if we said oh my poor jor my erm my child is better now but we didn ' t get to see anything so can we please have a ticket back to this and like flash your eye lashes well i ' ll be able to flash my eyelashes in a
534. it down to their great grandchildren cos er c whoever they marry like if they do they become magical do they? yeah that ' s cool cos it ' s mainly the girls but the little child which is a baby boy? baby girl mm mm are they? has an uncle ha called harry can i turn the? harry potter no just harry well if it was harry potter and he can do magic
535. they turned up they turned up really early no it was quite a while ago oh they turned up maybe it was seven o clock or something in the morning mm knocking at the door here ' s my child sorry i i don ' t really want your child thank you yeah it was her fault she knew and not not only that we we sent out forms and they they knew our holiday time from september yeah but
536. was quite a while ago oh they turned up maybe it was seven o clock or something in the morning mm knocking at the door here ' s my child sorry i i don ' t really want your child thank you yeah it was her fault she knew and not not only that we we sent out forms and they they knew our holiday time from september yeah but she was a bit busy they forgot didn ' t
539. t think he ' s ever bought a toilet roll that washing machine ' s glistening yeah so he never quite left home no no it ' s nice for half an hour you ' ve always had a child that ' s er yeah lived with you the whole time yeah well has been back now for three years it ' s is a nice area yeah it ' s really nice area oh he lives lives with us
540. their god allah the one and only god yum yum mm allah the one and only god which can ' t be depicted told erm told muhammed to go er go and kill his child on top of a mountain yeah well so did christianity mm? it ' s the same thing muhammed the same yeah i know i ' m not saying i ' m not saying christianity is any less
544. called her kid yeah but she ' s also got a kid called princess yeah yeah but and junior bunny? and she ' s straightened all princess ' s hair did you see the picture? her w child ' s weird - looking anyway you don ' t straighten a little girl ' s hair and it was really long my auntie straightened her hair you can ' t do that to a little girl no who
545. i don ' t know what wwhether or if any well i think one must be married the ' s sons mm mm ' s son er because that ' s already occupied with a young child of in this end that they did first the end that they developed first oh you think they ' ve got one? they ' ve got a child now whether the other one whether one of the others has
546. er because that ' s already occupied with a young child of in this end that they did first the end that they developed first oh you think they ' ve got one? they ' ve got a child now whether the other one whether one of the others has is married and mm and they ' re developing the other end of it they are developing the other end but whether it ' s for him or not
547. churchgoer to be able to use the church well i suppose it is a bit hypocritical to want to have your it is a bit hypocri but everybody ' s child christened if you ' re not religious yeah i could never understand people wanting to have their children christened when they didn ' t go to church but but then again you know it ' s tradition isn
548. of people see it as a thing to do well i suppose from the church ' s point of view if they did christen them there ' s no there ' s no reason to say that that child might not be be er be a religious sort of person when it grows up no i think they sh and they might take a dim view of the fact that they weren ' t allowed to be christened
551. yeah to make it more serious cos a not keep ringing me with petty things like that she ' s only a young lass yeah yeah i don ' t think she ' s got her own bloody child if you ask me no cos a lot of em up there are in only in their early twenties yeah just qualified and straight in yeah straight in and actually they sorta look like they ' d be
553. ##ans? but also if you if you end up down the park drinking cider? if you ' re from a if you ' re from a successful family yeah then uh you you you want your child children to be um successful so um that that would mean you ' d wanna go to a successful school where the majority of them you have to pay full but but um but but not all i mean that
555. emptying their kids ' pockets at the end of the day mm and the things that they might find in there can imagine if they found something proper dodgy you ' d be genuinely worried for your child like heroin yeah right do you wanna swap? does anyone want the last wedge? you can have the last wedge can we swap brushes? yay just cos i ' m doing this flower yeah and
560. and they were lovely and they got married and his wife her brother ' s wife died of breast cancer when she was only thirty - seven oh god and she was diagnosed when she was expecting their second child so they couldn ' t even start the treatment until you know? mm and she i think the baby was two when she died and i just thought to myself that poor man they ' re not related you
563. that mate it ' s not been good no well i mean it ' s been alright i mean you know she ' s got the cart blanch to be in a mood right yeah no carrying the child inside her yeah of course it ' s not very comfortable no it must be terrible absolutely fucking you can ' t even imagine it it would freak me out do you remember the fly? it freaks it freaks
566. t have kids for a little while we still wanna do a phd after we do you wanna have kids then? a part of us definitely does like both and i like to experience things and having a child is a pretty big experience it ' s well it ' s the ultimate one that yeah it ' s massive could obviously yeah and it ' s a massive experience and nothing else covers it so we ' ve
567. then i guess we ' ve decided that at that point we may just adopt i think yeah erm it would be but that ' s not the same is it though? you ' ve got a child that ' s not the same as you it ' s not the same but if you think about it adoption could be better if you waited and you adopted a child when they were eighteen years old and just
568. though? you ' ve got a child that ' s not the same as you it ' s not the same but if you think about it adoption could be better if you waited and you adopted a child when they were eighteen years old and just about to go to uni and you pay for them to go to uni yeah and then they ' d just be like oh cheers mate and then you you
569. s gonna batter them like but it was good yeah i had a go at driving i ' d be a sailor in the canteen yeah and he said it was great for us but obviously you know their child then there was i think seven or eight and she must have been bored out of her wits because probably much to do it ' s perfect for that and it ' s like ah relax just have another pin
580. on you but because they ' re so influential on your development it ' s actually bidirectional because they are actually influential on the immediate family as well yep so so for example oh so the child is indirectly affecting itself? yeah by affecting those around it? exactly so all good gifts around us mm sent so a bad marriage from heaven above a bad marriage can influence the child but a fussy baby
581. example oh so the child is indirectly affecting itself? yeah by affecting those around it? exactly so all good gifts around us mm sent so a bad marriage from heaven above a bad marriage can influence the child but a fussy baby can also create frictions in a marriage wow so oh and then vice versa just keeps on going oh dear so yeah so that ' s the main oh dear oh dear principle of
592. ? yeah well you forgot that didn ' t you? no i didn ' t forget that yeah you did if i was a father and i fell and broke my hip you just did that and my child was whining when i came home i ' d be less inclined to be quite so nice with the child you are correct in part though because neighbourhood if it ' s er there ' s quite aggressive
593. i was a father and i fell and broke my hip you just did that and my child was whining when i came home i ' d be less inclined to be quite so nice with the child you are correct in part though because neighbourhood if it ' s er there ' s quite aggressive criminal oh g oh dear that ' s not good aggressive criminal but i i wasn ' t actually looking i was
594. ? the macro? of that cultural yeah oh it ' s your valuvalues so like culture and erm polite cos you ' re british so how do you what do you think a child who lives a child who what do you think is fit for a royal baby? how do you think their relationships would be affected? i dunno cos i i am not a royal baby i have
595. of that cultural yeah oh it ' s your valuvalues so like culture and erm polite cos you ' re british so how do you what do you think a child who lives a child who what do you think is fit for a royal baby? how do you think their relationships would be affected? i dunno cos i i am not a royal baby i have i haven ' t
596. the you ' re you may have different people who are in the micro - circle like nannies mm and et cetera yeah yes that ' s true mm how do you think that would affect a child? erm i think if there ' s still ample contacts with the immediate family as in like still contact with mum and dad what you ' d have is you ' d probably have different strands then going
599. when i ' m washing up look what i ' ve made i know oh that ' s very good i think he ' s the same but i don ' t know whether that ' s like first child or just personalities i think it ' s probably personalities yeah cos as you must notice is is quite different different yeah yeah brothers you know i mean we as it was i had to kind of like come
603. so what ' s happened then? she went into prison for a couple of years and then she married with a she must have gone she now she ' s married and living in peru so with her child i didn ' t see that coming at all checkmate checkmate nice howzat? well done won you won? he won yeah i think they took quite did you let him win? no i
608. she still she i suppose anything kind of consultant kind of training and stuff she basically still does it as well right mm oh right mm but it ' s er but i just think yes ' s last child is i mean he ' s going to sweden by the way for a year is going to is he? norway oh sorry you always say sweden but it is norway i know i know got to get it
609. ' t she? i think who i used to work with in the erm medieval jousting wild west shows oh yeah they had a kid together and er they erm yeah they had a child together er his name was what a lovely name cos she was a bit don ' t tell me his family name was bear huh i think he ' s in or or somewhere now like that who '
611. on some of the bottles in the supermarkets here mm erm i can ' t read what it says obviously but on some there ' s you know like a picture of erm a mum and a child or a pregnant woman as though this water is specially formulated yeah yeah pregnant women for pregnant women what? why or how? probably be better off with a bottle of guinness mm just anyway an interesting thing i
615. by the way i ' m gonna become a father again that would have pulled the rug from under her yes it would have done and the thought that my dad and his new erm wife having another child and then a boy erm she it would have also hurt by proxy his first wife because they had two children together which were daughters she probably wanted a son he probably wanted a son with her i meant
616. i meant it must have been debated on he would have liked to have a boy that never happened he then had another marriage that didn ' t work and then he had a marriage again and had a child erm so for him for for them they they feel like feel like our family is is it doesn ' t it doesn ' t necessarily cement the families together no it doesn ' t the children can feel
617. twice it was a case that she knew that she was to and was coming up with the old with the excuses that i would come up with the real excuse is don ' t need to have another child i ' ve got all the help i need i have one son two daughters i don ' t need any more i don ' t need to be more tired don ' t need you to be more tired
618. you were saying you ' d become infertile or something we we just no no no no not to my knowledge erm erm we talked about you know years ago we talked about having a child but we just ruled it out with too old too much of an impact on on the er on the existing families surely you don ' t wanna go through that all again when you ' ve just? er
623. and i went into reverse and the woman like left her buggy right behind my car and then proceeded to stay like you couldn ' t s you can ' t see it about ten minutes loading her child into the buggy behind my car had the reverse lights on and everything she should ' ve done it on the pavement much more safe easier but no oh ten minutes doing that did you see the buggy
629. emperor found out that rey was it ' s not the emperor any more is it? i mean the baddie mm? first order found out then they would obviously then they would take her and her child and start asking her questions about where luke lived maybe or turn h or try and turn her evil yeah well he ' s got the force hasn ' t she? so she ' s definitely called i don
631. ' s always been quite protective hasn ' t he? mm but i i think and christian i don ' t know i think you may be making an assumption there maybe but in most cases once your child has left home you now they ' re they ' re considered able to make that type of dedecision aren ' t they? yeah that ' s right but erm no i was just meaning i
632. that ' s alright i do understand i mean you know you do accept the boyfriend of your children girlfriend of your children into the family don ' t you? because they do matter a lot to your child yeah so i think that ' s like a gesture probably to him as well isn ' t it? but yeah fact is that it ' s erm didn ' t i hear that he was a local
633. s cute i like that and then erm then he went off and got his one of his females from the pride and brought her to meet them and ah it ' s like he ' s their child but yes yes this my erm i ' ve been using this nail strengthener which seems to be working actually my nails haven ' t split since i had it on it make my nails look all shiny
636. said where ' s that come from? so she starts laughing she said oh i have got something to tell you she said i ' ve been avoid talking to you a gran a grand a grand no child no? i said that grandchild i said they ' re having a baby? she went no and er cos is ' s girlfriend and they ' ve been together a while and she practically lives there
638. ##iscovered my sister discovered about twenty years ago this was about nineteen forty - three or nineteen forty - four my my mother and my parents had been married for a couple of years and had a child of about one my mother announced that she wanted to leave my father oh and he came back from where he was mm and er managed to persuade managed to persuade her not not to go through this mm er
639. mm she walks along there and um ' s er widow um mm her name is um she er i saw her about i dunno six months ago and she told me that the younger daughter or youngest child was um getting ready to go to university wow um so she must have gone i don ' t know can ' t remember now where she said mm er she must ' ve gone to university in september mm
641. t need a role model sexes where ' s your evidence to support that? in my opinion you don ' t need it right yeah but if i said to you okay i ' m gonna take a child and give it to some gibbons to see if the gibbons can raise it i ' m not being oh sorry alright gibbons cos that ' s i was just gonna say but erm i e let '
642. see if the gibbons can raise it i ' m not being oh sorry alright gibbons cos that ' s i was just gonna say but erm i e let ' s do an experiment with this child ' s development yeah? people would be up in arms about it quite rightly mm? it is an ex to my mind it is an experiment to put a child with a same sex couple because no
643. s do an experiment with this child ' s development yeah? people would be up in arms about it quite rightly mm? it is an ex to my mind it is an experiment to put a child with a same sex couple because no one actually knows what will come out the other end what? so what ' s your argument? well there are there are single sex couples who have adopted was this was
644. s a middle aged woman she ' s carrying a bit of weight around her stomach but she doesn ' t she ' s not fat but she ' s not skinny why would you say that to your child though? especially like no matter how old you are do you wanna grab it ' s very you ' re very impressionable aren ' t you? yeah and girls especially are a little bit more what do
650. of a fight didn ' t they last season didn ' t they? have they been in egypt? that was in the first series they went he caesar went there and got with cleopatra and had a child with him and now she wants her child to be recognised by mark antony or some shit and he was like no that ' s not gonna happen so he hasn ' t got they haven ' t got together
651. season didn ' t they? have they been in egypt? that was in the first series they went he caesar went there and got with cleopatra and had a child with him and now she wants her child to be recognised by mark antony or some shit and he was like no that ' s not gonna happen so he hasn ' t got they haven ' t got together mark antony and no do they get together
658. er the bit where obviously they kind of think mm is that their father the king was in france for thirteen months so er sorry eleven months so the gestation shshe got pregnant and had a child but he wasn ' t in the country for eleven months he took er and considered it his his own but there seems to be a remarkable difference between the celebration that was had for their first born and the
662. had by the end it was girls as well yeah so they had a spate of er teenagers getting pregnant so they didn ' t have to go cos if you ' re pregnant or had a child yeah you didn ' t have to do it yeah so they just had eighteen year olds getting pregnant and also erm you know how can a country sustain paying i know and there isn ' t enough for
666. that i think well i don ' t mind like the first day of primary school yeah and i don ' t mind the first day of big school but i don ' t want to know that your child ' s starting year five you showed me yeah six when they were starting year one yeah seven yeah i don ' t yeah like great they ' re starting big school brilliant they ' re starting primary school oh
667. big school brilliant they ' re starting primary school oh they are cute you know but then after that it ' s like no i don ' t need to know yeah i ' m not bothered by your child at that much now like mm you know show me the odd picture but that ' s fine but yeah my my feed was just full of first day back to school pictures yeah for like two or three days
679. menopause really young oh do they? she ' s quite worried about that yeah because we ' ve kind of discussed and said maybe like when we ' re forty maybe we ' d like a child then yeah so we can kind of focus on career and our life and the next ten years erm but like her mum and her her sister her mum ' s sister both hit the menopause at
680. really? really young bloody hell it is young yeah so she ' s quite worried about it mm but then we ' ve discussed it again and said well if it comes to that and we want a child we ' ll adopt so it ' s hard to not want that kind of looks like you though isn ' t it at least to see what it would look like yeah definitely yeah a huge really weird mm
681. actually do these things yeah so but you ' ve just got to force it i suppose yeah say look i ' ve got a a lad i want to play football i want to yeah you have a child you know quality of life i like cycling i like playing this that and the other so you ' ve got to plead your case why you need it yeah pretty much yeah and eventually he agreed they ' re
682. ' s like the four like the kids and the oh god really? the parents just like being hung there and the whole thing is about in the family the same thing happens to these different families one child will disappear and then the rest of the family get murdered like horrifically and it all gets caught on camera erm and you find out act i mean are you going to watch it or not? i
695. yeah she ' s like please don ' t tell my mum about the kissing thing i was like first thing i ' ll be doing man and i saw i was like oh do you know what your child did to me last night? i want this on the record oh in case she writes a fucking autobiography one day you know oh she ' s she ' s well up for like exploring the world take your
697. er cos of balloons was a fucking i wasn ' t banned couldn ' t go yeah but you were like the no i was just bad i was just stupid like older you ' re the first child and like does whatever the fuck he wants cos like loads of first child ' s are just really nice yeah you ' re really nice no no i ' m not he ' s not having that man
698. t go yeah but you were like the no i was just bad i was just stupid like older you ' re the first child and like does whatever the fuck he wants cos like loads of first child ' s are just really nice yeah you ' re really nice no no i ' m not he ' s not having that man not going along with that sorry what? but i wasn ' t nice at
702. from my parents and my mum said she went almost three months without seeing him he only lived down the road i know i know and they were still taking care of you know still babysitting his child from time to time but it would always be the mother that brought brought him round so yeah i think depends on the children too i think with i ' m going to have to force to see him yeah
703. i suppose it ' s kind of nice that he has and around some family children that are still family yeah yeah definitely yeah whatever the situation is it was all strange for all of them us having a child right yeah initially and all of that and i think erm can you see them? we ' re bound to see him oh yeah i see him up on the hill kicking the ball around oh oh no
707. them down somewhere does seem easier doesn ' t it? i ' ve told you about our plan to adopt haven ' t it? no yeah thought i said if we were to ever to have a child we would adopt and we ' d probably adopt a child just before their eighteenth birthday oh pay for them to go to university they can go out and and then they can look after us in our old age
708. i ' ve told you about our plan to adopt haven ' t it? no yeah thought i said if we were to ever to have a child we would adopt and we ' d probably adopt a child just before their eighteenth birthday oh pay for them to go to university they can go out and and then they can look after us in our old age and then and then they can look after us when we
711. and he doesn ' t get the jobs that he wants so he decides to join the army that ' s all that ' s happened so she ' s still married to him and has she had a child? no no don ' t worry and er i thought that was all when she no she erm she has a kid with him well it ' s on the cards isn ' t it? she is
712. re as well mm i think it ' s probably quite an old saying because i think it will be considered a bit unfair to say that just a son will make you happy and fulfilled i think any child really has potential mm that ' s whether it ' s a boy or a girl but i think it ' s a bit like the christmas carol it ' s all your hopes and all your fears when you
713. ##plexed and really felt for you more so than when i did them myself i think you take it more in my stride i think yes but er it seems more important when it ' s your own child i think and really it ' s your life ' s work watching your child grow up and it ' s all your effort trying to make it right and trying to make it erm better than it was
714. i think you take it more in my stride i think yes but er it seems more important when it ' s your own child i think and really it ' s your life ' s work watching your child grow up and it ' s all your effort trying to make it right and trying to make it erm better than it was for you and make you yes more successful and that you erm get the
716. been with the scissors yeah she hurt me with both the clippers and s but how ridiculous to just say oh i ' ll know for next time? like no you ' ve done something to my child ' s hair that i n have not said is that why it ' s all crazy? no no the mermaid style but it i didn ' t want her fringe feathered i would ' ve said that
721. growing children and our bounce mattress is designed to give your children ' s bodies the optimum support and comfort needed for hours of quality rest the reflex foam in our bounce mattress moulds to your child ' s shape during the night okay so it ' s like latex or memory foam is that like yours then? probably similar does that actually say what it ' s made of though? mm does it
723. funny thing is got the skirting board yes so the funny thing is had i given that to and yeah they would have they just put it straight on the floor put it on the ground measured their child and yeah and always thought yeah their child was thirty centimetres bigger yeah and been buying clothes uhu and said to don ' t you just love the way you get lumped in with me now? and
724. yes so the funny thing is had i given that to and yeah they would have they just put it straight on the floor put it on the ground measured their child and yeah and always thought yeah their child was thirty centimetres bigger yeah and been buying clothes uhu and said to don ' t you just love the way you get lumped in with me now? and he said well your mum ' s probably
728. episode of eastenders where sonia give birth it was just massively distressing as someone who ' d never seen eastenders before it didn ' t mean anything to me it was just like half an hour of child - birth at the end i was like my mum was like that ' s eastenders see what you ' ve been missing? it was quite funny that was an excellent eleventh birthday twelfth eleventh i think it was
729. ' t he? but instead he ' s fallen into this fucking trap he ' s got two different girls pregnant that ' s just ridiculous yeah two different how can you two different mums two different child but are you fucking for real then? what kind of like at what point would you think like either what people are you meeting this is like this is how i or yeah and why are you not learning
730. i just wanna let you know that like i know ' s a dick and he ' s a complete idiot and like he ' s literally like fucked me over he doesn ' t think enough about his child he only wants to go out all the time he ' s a fucking mess like literally like came out with all this stuff and she was like at the end of the day i know what he ' s
731. ##ed out there? that was fucking awful will you will you get an invite to that wedding? erm seems to think i will we won ' t considering we optimistic we haven ' t seen her child for since it was born or not born oh yeah i think i think the last time i saw her properly mm yeah was like the baby shower but that ' s so mean i ' m glad we '
732. as a friend and you ' re not saying that their life choice is is bad but you ' re just saying that in certain in certain situations situations it ' s not you shouldn ' t bring a child it ' s not that handy to have a kid around and like no they could cos that that that was my main problem i sort of said like but surely that person knows that like that ' s
733. s children when you have children of your own cos you yeah you realise that like with me like i would lo i love children and i hate children like literally like when when there ' s a child like when me and you were like shopping and there ' s like there was this child and everywhere i turn this child was like at my feet running around oh my god that ' s so annoying and i
734. with me like i would lo i love children and i hate children like literally like when when there ' s a child like when me and you were like shopping and there ' s like there was this child and everywhere i turn this child was like at my feet running around oh my god that ' s so annoying and i kind of just turned around and i ju i didn ' t even say anything just looked
735. i love children and i hate children like literally like when when there ' s a child like when me and you were like shopping and there ' s like there was this child and everywhere i turn this child was like at my feet running around oh my god that ' s so annoying and i kind of just turned around and i ju i didn ' t even say anything just looked at the woman like this get
736. my feet running around oh my god that ' s so annoying and i kind of just turned around and i ju i didn ' t even say anything just looked at the woman like this get your fucking child away from my feet what are you doing? i ' m gonna fall over your child and i ' m gonna trip over and then who are you gonna be shouting at? me for tripping over your
737. turned around and i ju i didn ' t even say anything just looked at the woman like this get your fucking child away from my feet what are you doing? i ' m gonna fall over your child and i ' m gonna trip over and then who are you gonna be shouting at? me for tripping over your fucking child who ' s running around me like a fucking tripwire like do you know
738. my feet what are you doing? i ' m gonna fall over your child and i ' m gonna trip over and then who are you gonna be shouting at? me for tripping over your fucking child who ' s running around me like a fucking tripwire like do you know what i mean? like i ' m gonna end up killing your child with my pure size like this little kid and i just
739. shouting at? me for tripping over your fucking child who ' s running around me like a fucking tripwire like do you know what i mean? like i ' m gonna end up killing your child with my pure size like this little kid and i just felt like taking the plate and just fucking launching it and going fetch you know what i mean i ' d just had enough like i ' m we
741. ' s pulling the child ' s pulling the coat or something oh and they ' re like mum mum oh god mum and i ' d just be like are you fucking haven ' t seen your fucking child no do you know what i mean? i ' m thinking why are you not talking to that child? because i will talk to that child i will shout at them and then i just don ' t
746. wrist of the child come on come on like this and they ' re like going and i ' m thinking and the child ' s like thr and i ' m like that would not be my child like that would not be my child i honestly my child i wanna be able to do this to my child cos this is what my dad used to do to me he used to go i know that
747. on like this and they ' re like going and i ' m thinking and the child ' s like thr and i ' m like that would not be my child like that would not be my child i honestly my child i wanna be able to do this to my child cos this is what my dad used to do to me he used to go i know that ' s the way and that '
748. they ' re like going and i ' m thinking and the child ' s like thr and i ' m like that would not be my child like that would not be my child i honestly my child i wanna be able to do this to my child cos this is what my dad used to do to me he used to go i know that ' s the way and that ' s what i want
749. and the child ' s like thr and i ' m like that would not be my child like that would not be my child i honestly my child i wanna be able to do this to my child cos this is what my dad used to do to me he used to go i know that ' s the way and that ' s what i want to be able to do to my child yeah i
750. my child cos this is what my dad used to do to me he used to go i know that ' s the way and that ' s what i want to be able to do to my child yeah i don ' t want it to be scared of me but i want them to know respect that you ' ve got the authority like respect for your elders yeah i can ' t ever imagine going going
751. ha very good wish it was a real one oh yeah i was like brilliant ready to be grandaddy i don ' t know why though like he doesn ' t i wouldn ' t leave me child with him i ' ve already said that yesterday you did say this it ' s probably a wise decision you might have a kid you what? you might have a kid i might have a kid? mm
752. wise decision you might have a kid you what? you might have a kid i might have a kid? mm why why? well i hope i hope so at some point no you might have a child sooner than you think well now i just feel you ' re like somehow doing some sort of witchcraft i think we should yeah i think we should do like oh yeah go to like one of those reading things
757. would just had not long completed her pgce but hadn ' t got qts qualified teacher status right okay yep which is a year on after your pgce right because she ' s got a small child and she wanted to do something but there ' s no there ' s no preparation you go in you take the les you take you have probably five period twenty - five periods a week out of twenty -
762. the neighbours who had just moved in were the ones over the road yeah but you ' ve now got them there and next door there ' s a few they ' re not particularly noisy they have small child erm how many are there? dunno no seems to be one family yeah well that ' s good yeah er fuck knows ' s beginning has chatted to them they don ' t speak any english
767. yeah until six o ' clock which if you ' ve got strange isn ' t it? well i think it ' s there if you ' ve if you are a working parent if you drop your child off at eight and you ' ve got to be in the office yeah for nine and then you finish at five you can be back to pick up your child that ' s right but you know you '
768. are a working parent if you drop your child off at eight and you ' ve got to be in the office yeah for nine and then you finish at five you can be back to pick up your child that ' s right but you know you ' re not giving your children ththeir breakfast no you ' re not seeing no each other no they ' re having these afternoon things mm a lot of the
771. go to zoo you go to you go mm and all this and you ' re thinking oh they should let you go home early or whatever say you ' ve got back you shouldn ' t have a child yeah no you should yeah just be the driver for the day or or so you ' ve got back and you ' re er at the six hour of your eight hour shift they should go right go on
772. ##ened i know that and i can see that you told him that but if you didn ' t believe you know the christening is in case it you know it was invented in case your kid your child dies we ' ve got him covered right? they ' re going to heaven but you know and the the godparents are there if something happens to the parents okay but you were in singapore right?
773. my mum mm had at erm oh right and my mum was too young yeah you know it i mean it ' s erm and yet i ' ve got a friend whose yeah fir whose first child was born when she was sixteen but er oh yeah yeah erm but it ' s different natures of the people you know yeah erm do you think with some people it actually i mean hello mummy
775. they won ' t budge mm like mm yeah must know he ' s the intelligent one and he ' s the business person and and also and also to be kind of a bit frightened of your own child or a bit scared around your own child mm mm mm i find that quite odd but then and then imbuing like with all that and he well at work you know and it ' s not good
776. yeah must know he ' s the intelligent one and he ' s the business person and and also and also to be kind of a bit frightened of your own child or a bit scared around your own child mm mm mm i find that quite odd but then and then imbuing like with all that and he well at work you know and it ' s not good for yeah also it ' s not good
778. hard enough to be in a or whatever mm he you know he but there ' s er this big at certain points of children ' s lives with some children when you realise that that ' s the child you ' ve got if you see what i mean yeah so you look for ways of helping that child fit into that nature cos it ' s not going to change but there ' s erm ways
787. i left must ' ve been about august time and was introduced to her baby granddaughter and she just sort of plonked this thing oh no i ' ve never h i ' ve never held a child in my arms it ' s like shit what do i do now? you know bit like hugh grant in about a boy exactly like hugh grant in about a boy okay er there ' s a living thing
790. the fees up erm they should put your wages up then well i ' ve got a two hundred pound bonus so i ' m not complaining erm but two weeks at this school to send one child for two weeks it ' s two and a half thousand pounds woah to send how much of that do you see? erm one child yeah er well i see one child yeah i get one child
791. erm but two weeks at this school to send one child for two weeks it ' s two and a half thousand pounds woah to send how much of that do you see? erm one child yeah er well i see one child yeah i get one child to pay yeah uhu that ' s crazy erm for a month and a lot of them come for a month five thousand pounds wow no
792. school to send one child for two weeks it ' s two and a half thousand pounds woah to send how much of that do you see? erm one child yeah er well i see one child yeah i get one child to pay yeah uhu that ' s crazy erm for a month and a lot of them come for a month five thousand pounds wow no discount for doing extra? no discount
794. yeah you know? i couldn ' t stand anybody hugging me or touching me could i? and erm i had to just go take a deep breath when wanted to hug me like this is my child it ' s okay but yeah when it was like coming near me i was oh keep away keep away keep away you know and all of that couldn ' t stand it but erm so that ' s
797. ' s erm well i suppose he had his parents although his father is dead now mm but his his mother ' s still there mm but it ' s not it ' s you know that your child you want them to be you know? i know i know it ' s but it ' s not uncommon is it? you often hear about family feuds and you know somebody ' s not speaking to
798. yeah that was a bit sad did you hear about erm and ' s old friend as well erm no i remember big goal guy yeah yeah massive guy yeah he erm hung himself while his child was he was with his child he said i ' m just going out to the garage to get something his child went out to see where he was about ten minutes later and found him and found him still
799. did you hear about erm and ' s old friend as well erm no i remember big goal guy yeah yeah massive guy yeah he erm hung himself while his child was he was with his child he said i ' m just going out to the garage to get something his child went out to see where he was about ten minutes later and found him and found him still alive like oh right squi
802. yeah yeah yeah and er you know she ' s just been having her er you know? just beginning to have her life yeah that she she exhausted most of her twenties thirties and forties on just child rearing you know but what? does she? she had an education though does she have a degree? no she didn ' t finish she didn ' t? no so she she was in uni
803. she didn ' t? no so she she was in uni she was at university enrolled and maybe the first or maybe the second year and then she didn ' t finish oh because she had a child oh and then she had another one yeah yeah and then she had another one then she never g managed to go back and w never went back yeah so yes but i think for some mothers you know?
808. seen her around well he ' s eighty - seven ' s eighty - seven cos he was telling me he ' s eighty - seven yeah but but i you know? if it is the youngest child of the youngest child yeah type well the mother must be about fifty odd must she? yeah sixty maybe yeah i h i don ' t think they are any older than twenty - five ah do you know
809. he ' s eighty - seven ' s eighty - seven cos he was telling me he ' s eighty - seven yeah but but i you know? if it is the youngest child of the youngest child yeah type well the mother must be about fifty odd must she? yeah sixty maybe yeah i h i don ' t think they are any older than twenty - five ah do you know what? but honestly
811. no i think it is it is oh was that for everyone? problems problem families which would be called problem families but it ' s it ' s just where you have mm yeah usually more than one child in the house a history of non - work and oh right educational underachievement er you have to fulfil certain criteria yeah yeah and then yeah basically you ' re getting some money because clearly
814. ' ve ever seen and he ' s just generally but then if you ' re a parent and you logged in every day like to look at the photographs to see how it and then you see your child i don ' t think that like i don ' t think that probably would have gone on it no you see your child sort of here there everywhere you know oh he was a happy kid was he?
815. like to look at the photographs to see how it and then you see your child i don ' t think that like i don ' t think that probably would have gone on it no you see your child sort of here there everywhere you know oh he was a happy kid was he? he was a happy kid yeah oh thank goodness for that he ' s just blissfully unaware of how oh is he?
816. happy kid yeah oh thank goodness for that he ' s just blissfully unaware of how oh is he? oh well now that ' s really good i think because it would be awful to see your child being really miserable he ' s a really happy kid he just loves life in general he ' s very happy i remember we were bowling er for one of our evening activities all the juniors went bowling sort of
820. of soft really in some ways isn ' t he? oh he is he is he is quite erm soft as well well yeah it ' s having his grandad baby him and being an only child and being an only child as well probably having a mum and dad on and off all the time yeah bloody good job we are there i think it ' s acceptaccepted now that ' s
821. ways isn ' t he? oh he is he is he is quite erm soft as well well yeah it ' s having his grandad baby him and being an only child and being an only child as well probably having a mum and dad on and off all the time yeah bloody good job we are there i think it ' s acceptaccepted now that ' s permanently off oh yeah i
825. ' s worth it yeah like i ' d pay more er and the but the judges today were telling me about this new policy it ' s like the child benefit policy mm if you have a second child in poland you get five hundred złoty per month for that child right er er dependent on your income er no no no not dependent on your income oh okay s but if you have a high
826. the judges today were telling me about this new policy it ' s like the child benefit policy mm if you have a second child in poland you get five hundred złoty per month for that child right er er dependent on your income er no no no not dependent on your income oh okay s but if you have a high income er you don ' t get money for the first child if you have
827. for that child right er er dependent on your income er no no no not dependent on your income oh okay s but if you have a high income er you don ' t get money for the first child if you have a low income you get money for the first child mm er and you know he was saying er i mean he was like i don ' t need the money so it ' s a bit
828. no not dependent on your income oh okay s but if you have a high income er you don ' t get money for the first child if you have a low income you get money for the first child mm er and you know he was saying er i mean he was like i don ' t need the money so it ' s a bit of a shame that they don ' t do it by income because
829. do know who have chosen to stay at home and bring up their kids i ' m thinking of in particular lovely woman worked with her in furniture reuse for years at national level and she had a child and this child is her life and mm you know good luck to her if you like children erm but yeah i know it really does her head in sometimes and just wanting to have a mm an intelligent
830. have chosen to stay at home and bring up their kids i ' m thinking of in particular lovely woman worked with her in furniture reuse for years at national level and she had a child and this child is her life and mm you know good luck to her if you like children erm but yeah i know it really does her head in sometimes and just wanting to have a mm an intelligent conversation yeah and
835. ' s not a baby the i mean it ' s i mean you have to be responsible their sense of responsibility yeah that ' s the thing yeah um and you wouldn ' t want to give a child to parents who are not um responsible enough to look after them yeah you can ' t you know our human rights law forbid us from saying to people you can ' t have a child yeah um but if
836. to give a child to parents who are not um responsible enough to look after them yeah you can ' t you know our human rights law forbid us from saying to people you can ' t have a child yeah um but if it ' s somebody else ' s child then we can take a bit more care yes well but but yes it does i mean i i mean they i think people should be asked to
837. to look after them yeah you can ' t you know our human rights law forbid us from saying to people you can ' t have a child yeah um but if it ' s somebody else ' s child then we can take a bit more care yes well but but yes it does i mean i i mean they i think people should be asked to take every now and again they change the rules competency tests
846. ? or did i think mine ' s the twenty - eighth was it? you might be looking good then i think towards the end of next week what do i win? nothing just the pride the child so i win the yeah first congratulations first first hold of the baby oh i win i win godparent me and have always been really close so we decided this is how we ' re gonna choose god
848. you want to see in slow mo? let ' s see mm that oh he hands look really big compared to his head well that ' s aptamil follow on milk for you you want a child with hands it develops bigger than their head it develops you indiscriminately some ki some kids have massive features and they don ' t know why so quite cold i ' m gonna go home
854. had lots of lovely children mm? there ' s er i have and i said you said but anyway i said and spelt wrong he was erm he had married and he wanted to have a child right and then i had like a different dream of that was like how do you know he wanted to have a child? did they say that? yeah mm do they? and he ' ll have love
855. spelt wrong he was erm he had married and he wanted to have a child right and then i had like a different dream of that was like how do you know he wanted to have a child? did they say that? yeah mm do they? and he ' ll have love hearts popping out of his head it ' s like i wanna have a child so do love hearts mean i would like
856. you know he wanted to have a child? did they say that? yeah mm do they? and he ' ll have love hearts popping out of his head it ' s like i wanna have a child so do love hearts mean i would like to have a baby? yes or love hearts mean that this is what they sound like i want to have a child that ' s that is that what they say
857. it ' s like i wanna have a child so do love hearts mean i would like to have a baby? yes or love hearts mean that this is what they sound like i want to have a child that ' s that is that what they say? it ' s dad who wants to have a child oh i want to have a child no but do they actually say it in the game? yeah yeah
858. baby? yes or love hearts mean that this is what they sound like i want to have a child that ' s that is that what they say? it ' s dad who wants to have a child oh i want to have a child no but do they actually say it in the game? yeah yeah okay and if he if it ' s before they say that mm? or it ' s like have
859. that this is what they sound like i want to have a child that ' s that is that what they say? it ' s dad who wants to have a child oh i want to have a child no but do they actually say it in the game? yeah yeah okay and if he if it ' s before they say that mm? or it ' s like have a child erm they have love
860. want to have a child no but do they actually say it in the game? yeah yeah okay and if he if it ' s before they say that mm? or it ' s like have a child erm they have love hearts and they like to make babies? yeah but erm i can ' t believe it but somebody quite cool was going to marry piggy poop it ' s a character
866. pressure of christmas yeah doing the food doing the meal yeah yeah yeah yeah but it wasn ' t the food when she died and i started going through all the paperwork i knew she ' d had a child before a year before right erm and i didn ' t i did actually know he was born on christmas day and died on christmas day oh god but then it then it kind of hit me then yeah
868. alright then chilli yes dad do you need me to help? of course all help gratefully received? pardon? are you gonna help? i ' m not helping i ' m looking after my child yeah and he needs a lot of looking after look at him he needs me look at him he ' s he ' s troublesome he needs his mother he is very labour intensive look at him he '
869. for dinner? i don ' t know i don ' t know what we ' re doing cos will need to eat so we could always er she ' s not she can ' t leave the child which obviously depends so much on his mother she just pointed out so of course she won ' t be doing tea as well hopefully he ' ll be good what do you mean doing tea? that day as
870. ? that day as in going out going out we ' ve gotta go out for tea first i ' m dieting as well oh yeah she ' s dieting and she ' s looking after a child maybe you ought to make your own way there after all no we ' ll all go together i ' ll erm yeah hopefully he ' ll be alright that day i mean he is being bathed now if
871. if ' s staying there then needs dinner so she ' s gonna have to go and meet for dinner is what i ' m saying mum i don ' t know so i ' m now bathing said child as well am i? well i ' m definitely not gonna be there at quarter to seven am i? well i don ' t but we ' ve gotta be there at seven i don ' t know
872. his brothers yeah as part of the family yeah but i didn ' t know why and the reason was because her father who ' s a farmer from ireland had come over married old auntie had one child and then just got fed up of it and gone back to ireland and left them mm done bish bash bosh gone i i didn ' t know that and it so so that ' s why they
873. can ' t remember er but yeah it was abortion and it was still like really hard to get an abortion yeah two doctors had to agree that there was a significant health risk to the mother or the child yes there was something about abortion the other day oh the er erm i was reading an interview with erm one of the fam one of the famous feminists from the sixties and the seventies i
874. just going through a really hard time she ' s just had another baby her husband is not putting in any effort he doesn ' t wanna be a dad really mm even though it ' s the second child he ' s still just like i don ' t really want children they tie you down so well well a bit late now mm and basically shshe ' s been like the sister in law ' s
875. two step - sisters and two step - brothers yeah oh wow and i have a half - brother who ' s five oh my gosh do you really? yeah so my mum my mum had a child at forty - seven so he ' s called wow so i just saw him at the weekend so he ' s a little five - year - old boy is he really cute? yeah i mean he er
878. or? psychological tests do you? yeah what both parties? the guy and the woman? cos the chil just the woman? not yeah just the woman the woman is gonna bring up the child erm not so sure about the the the donors i mean they must have some kind of psychological screening you can ' t have but i mean the physiology i suppose it ' s really well the diseases that
879. control haven ' t they? i think he d i think they have to by law give basic information about themselves yeah yeah they have to disclose mm i suppose on the moral grounds is that if the child ever did want to find his biological parent father that ' s the only way that well i suppose as a society we can ' t handle it mm mm otherwise what we ' re looking at is a bunch
881. if i had children and i you know i was faced with that kind of sort of decision to make n to rebel i ' d just go no no that ' s not worth it i mean my child ' s life just a simple thing about travelling yeah from the airport to the wherever you ' re going or i mean i ' ve been the buses there and absolutely terrified absolutely terrified w i there was one
882. ' ve been the buses there and absolutely terrified absolutely terrified w i there was one time i thought that ' s it i ' m gonna die this is it god so why would i then put my child in that position? no you wouldn ' t you know there ' s no car seats there ' s no prams there ' s nothing no it ' s real it ' s really it ' s really
884. a program at the mo a building designing whatever erm erm a one stop shop for parents yeah so they can have their mobile or whatever device they tend to use and they know exactly what their child ' s been looking at you know it sounds very big brother yeah but my gosh it makes sense yeah if your child ' s eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen you know up to a point you do
885. their mobile or whatever device they tend to use and they know exactly what their child ' s been looking at you know it sounds very big brother yeah but my gosh it makes sense yeah if your child ' s eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen you know up to a point you do need to be supervising what they ' re looking at and you need to be able if they do come across something by mist
888. work? now she ' s staying as an air hostess well she won ' t she won ' t need to work mm no won ' t i when the money comes in she ' ll want a child or get a child mm can you get a child? get just and stop working mm what ' s the word? not accumulate? what ' s the? well she can ' t have one that late
889. ' s staying as an air hostess well she won ' t she won ' t need to work mm no won ' t i when the money comes in she ' ll want a child or get a child mm can you get a child? get just and stop working mm what ' s the word? not accumulate? what ' s the? well she can ' t have one that late i think she '
890. hostess well she won ' t she won ' t need to work mm no won ' t i when the money comes in she ' ll want a child or get a child mm can you get a child? get just and stop working mm what ' s the word? not accumulate? what ' s the? well she can ' t have one that late i think she ' ll acquire adopt or acquire a
891. get just and stop working mm what ' s the word? not accumulate? what ' s the? well she can ' t have one that late i think she ' ll acquire adopt or acquire a child mm can ' t she? got nobody to have one with that ' s it won ' t need to work again will she? mm i imagine she would though no does she not like being an air
892. she nine years won ' t she? be thirty? thirty - three twelve twelve years between and him mm twenty - eight twenty - eight mm see i can ' t actually imagine actually physically having a child but i ' m i can imagine her wanting to have her own family what do you think? i don ' t know cos will she not want all the attention that and have had? mm yeah
904. and then she got pregnant and the son couldn ' t look more like him if he tried no so it was absolutely no point in denying paternity it was just like this little angry red headed child oh boys well good game good game couldn ' t have been closer couldn ' t have been you lot caught up well though cos you came you went second oh yeah especially after ' s not successful start
915. research and looked at that and it was quite clear that that was not the way to proceed no and so the surgeon erm worked erm very early in repairing the cleft right right so the child had a normal anatomy to use as speech developed yes yeah yeah oh erm i suppose the the the most vital part of it all and i used to work on ents years ago oh did you?
922. don ' t even know where the time is going yeah by the time you know it we ' re gonna be thirty oh well according to my five - year plan i should be married and have a child by then so i know i remember when we were younger and you were like when i ' m twenty - five i wanna have like two children i know two out of the four children you were planning on
923. we were younger and you were like when i ' m twenty - five i wanna have like two children i know two out of the four children you were planning on having yeah i still wanna have a child before i ' m thirty i ' m counting on it so that ' s another five years yeah in the next five years you ' re gonna have a house and a baby you look strangely terrified it '
924. ' s that ' s meant to be realistic isn ' t it like? that ' s what people like to go up in five years yeah yeah oh god well i think if i accidentally have a child i wouldn ' t mind having it at like thirty - fi er thirty - three maybe thirty - four yeah yeah i ' d be okay with an older baby an older age having yeah being old as a
926. ve got so many children to make it easier? yeah to make it easier yeah for people to adopt because the process is like two two and a half years at the moment mm? to adopt a child that ' s ridiculous wwhy? mm because they just i think that for some they have to evaluate you for two and a half years yeah they and they go it ' s crazy this is this
931. at no point can you interfere with that like you can ' t grab the kid you cannot at any point shut the door while you and the child are there you can ' t trap you and your child in there you can ' t stand in the doorway because that ' s seen as like predatory mm you can ' t chase the kid down to his house yeah it ' s all about your behaviour isn '
934. had a fit and my teacher was telling me and i wasn ' t even in like a really rural poor area and erm she was like we were pretty poor they were really quite worried about the child because the mother didn ' t wanna she was like the mother should take her to hospital or more but she doesn ' t cos of the cost mm and even the cost was meant to be reduced it
935. t cos of the cost mm and even the cost was meant to be reduced it still costs and i don ' t think any parent should ever be in a position that they hesitate to take their child mm yeah and in england no parent is ever ever in that position no sure no no you take your child to hospital at any or in europe and that should be the standard you should never ever hesitate mm
936. don ' t think any parent should ever be in a position that they hesitate to take their child mm yeah and in england no parent is ever ever in that position no sure no no you take your child to hospital at any or in europe and that should be the standard you should never ever hesitate mm about taking some especially if something ' s serious as epilepsy yet conversely we have old people dying because
937. it ' s just money so you can take the time off work yeah yeah yeah exactly cos somebody has to take so you don ' t have to worry about that yeah time off work if your child goes deaf then you need extra care yeah yeah of course so you just out but if you get like a critical illness and like leukemia is so your sister ' s got that? yeah so that ' s
940. i ' m sure there ' s all sort of gypsy names that are a bit weird might not sound like levi levi levi i really thought gaylord was got to be the worst name to name a child i mean yeah gaylord is bad gaylord the lord of the gays i ' m sure there ' s probably worse names yeah yeah gaylord ' s not too bad vagile it ' s
949. there is going to be impossible so let ' s work it out is what? he can ' t even remember if it ' s his son or not so ' s on his third wife and seventh child don ' t say that in front of which wife are you on? mm oh so that thing of people calling their erm their children a double - barrelled combination because they can cos the women
951. ' t mind sharing the um aforementioned cake of course not and me putting it in my mouth just a little bit in the mouth huh oh huh oh huh so the boy the child rescheduled the child the date the child the child i mean er i just find that incredibly rude what is this about? incredibly rude work ethic well do you want this squash? oo this this one that ' s
955. singing but can you just wait no the teachers there their teachers was like singing silent night holy night all is calm all is bright were they actually singing like that? no round yon virgin mother and child shh it ' s just a bit loud ouch holy infant so tender and mild sleep in heavenly peace shh sleep in heavenly peace? sleep in heavenly peace right let me look at your hand so
959. a lot of dedication and a lot of practice and to erm get them doing all that kind of stuff go to to be everyone seems to be well into their children extra good at something oh my child ' s doing this at four and like it doesn ' t mean shit it doesn ' t mean anything does it? yeah but that ' s cos you haven ' t got children and you ' ve
960. ' t mean anything does it? yeah but that ' s cos you haven ' t got children and you ' ve not gone through that experience at the moment everyone thinks it ' s great their child ' s doing something everyone ' s child is gonna be good at something at four surely? yeah i think it ' s just erm i mean i ' m not gonna lie ' s is pretty good
961. but that ' s cos you haven ' t got children and you ' ve not gone through that experience at the moment everyone thinks it ' s great their child ' s doing something everyone ' s child is gonna be good at something at four surely? yeah i think it ' s just erm i mean i ' m not gonna lie ' s is pretty good on his feet and all that kind of
962. five years ago he didn ' t exist i know where it didn ' t happen it ' s weird it is really crazy very strange so yeah why does it take them i ' d consider having a child a bit more if you know by the time they ' re like eight they were ready to leave home and the you know what i mean? and nowadays you wouldn ' t want them to at eight though
964. on the child though isn ' t it? if not with me it would be a bit difficult trying to move into a new property and trying to make do with not having very much but having a child as well it ' s bloody hell you ' re not ready for a child no way no no won ' t ever be not mature enough not ready for a kid you ' re just not there yet yet
965. be a bit difficult trying to move into a new property and trying to make do with not having very much but having a child as well it ' s bloody hell you ' re not ready for a child no way no no won ' t ever be not mature enough not ready for a kid you ' re just not there yet yet as if i ' m gonna be there well you might be not sure if
966. might not be erm my no you might not be but if you when and if you did you ' d probably be like oh my god anxious and jesus christ and all of this but when that child comes and you hold that child in your arms it will just blow your mind it ' s game over isn ' t it after that? no but you wouldn ' t be thinking about it that way well
967. no you might not be but if you when and if you did you ' d probably be like oh my god anxious and jesus christ and all of this but when that child comes and you hold that child in your arms it will just blow your mind it ' s game over isn ' t it after that? no but you wouldn ' t be thinking about it that way well i dunno if i think
968. it after that? no but you wouldn ' t be thinking about it that way well i dunno if i think about it that way now why wouldn ' t i think about if i had a child? i feel like my man ' s gone game over friend ' s gone why is he gone? cos he ' s gone isn ' t he? he ' s just committed in other areas at
969. if you ' re not gonna be cracking open the wine you ' re gonna be cracking out the cafetiere you know what you know what i mean? and your you ' ll be putting the child to bed at eight o ' clock and you ' ve gotta be quiet there ' s no more dancing around in the living room at two in the morning it ' s not gonna happen or showing your hairy
970. t it? yeah a little bit because you know that you ' d have to settle down and you ' d have to not travel quite as much and there ' s no way i could have a child now it ' s a huge commitment cos i ' d resent it can you imagine if you resented your own child? no it must be horrific mm like i couldn ' t do that to another
971. not travel quite as much and there ' s no way i could have a child now it ' s a huge commitment cos i ' d resent it can you imagine if you resented your own child? no it must be horrific mm like i couldn ' t do that to another living being i couldn ' t if there ' s a risk that i ' m gonna resent my child so if fell
972. your own child? no it must be horrific mm like i couldn ' t do that to another living being i couldn ' t if there ' s a risk that i ' m gonna resent my child so if fell pregnant i hope she ' d have an abortion to tell you honestly really? yeah would you leave that as her decision? i mean why is it just her decision? because it ' s
973. yeah and because emotionally it would affect her more but i mean it ' s quite a big decision yeah i don ' t think just because we have sex that i should have to commit to having a child for the rest of my life mm i don ' t think that ' s very fair erm i think it should be er sixty forty split personally of course it should weigh slightly more on the lady '
974. forty split personally of course it should weigh slightly more on the lady ' s side mm but mm the fact of the matter is pretty much in this day and age if the woman wants to have the child we ' re screwed mm and we ' ve gotta pay for it for the rest of our lives mm that ' s not very fair is it? mm just cos you don ' t wanna have an
975. little bit and i think she was just a bit sick but it made us think at that time we got really nervous and really worried and it made us just totally go i don ' t want a child neither of us wanted a child then and we were really nervous mm mm and it was just sort of so it kind of made you realise that actually you know no i mean if if you think it '
976. was just a bit sick but it made us think at that time we got really nervous and really worried and it made us just totally go i don ' t want a child neither of us wanted a child then and we were really nervous mm mm and it was just sort of so it kind of made you realise that actually you know no i mean if if you think it ' s gonna happen and and you
977. it was just sort of so it kind of made you realise that actually you know no i mean if if you think it ' s gonna happen and and you ' re like wow we might have a child yeah then go for it have a child yeah yeah but if you think it ' s gonna happen and it scares the shit out of you and you ' re just like this is the worst thing that could
978. of made you realise that actually you know no i mean if if you think it ' s gonna happen and and you ' re like wow we might have a child yeah then go for it have a child yeah yeah but if you think it ' s gonna happen and it scares the shit out of you and you ' re just like this is the worst thing that could possibly happen right now mm mm i mean
979. ' t helped but erm i mean i can ' t tell her what to do but she knows how i feel so i ' m sure that would sway her decision i don ' t want a child now mm if i had a mm if she i don ' t she wouldn ' t want to have a child without you wanting it anyway oh if she can you imagine the scenario? i don ' t
980. feel so i ' m sure that would sway her decision i don ' t want a child now mm if i had a mm if she i don ' t she wouldn ' t want to have a child without you wanting it anyway oh if she can you imagine the scenario? i don ' t want a child she has one anyway mm that child is gonna have the shittest life ever mm i mean maybe
981. i had a mm if she i don ' t she wouldn ' t want to have a child without you wanting it anyway oh if she can you imagine the scenario? i don ' t want a child she has one anyway mm that child is gonna have the shittest life ever mm i mean maybe i stay with her and then resent my own child for the rest of my life mm mm what kind
982. don ' t she wouldn ' t want to have a child without you wanting it anyway oh if she can you imagine the scenario? i don ' t want a child she has one anyway mm that child is gonna have the shittest life ever mm i mean maybe i stay with her and then resent my own child for the rest of my life mm mm what kind of scenario is that? mm she
983. the scenario? i don ' t want a child she has one anyway mm that child is gonna have the shittest life ever mm i mean maybe i stay with her and then resent my own child for the rest of my life mm mm what kind of scenario is that? mm she ' d have an abortion i ' m pretty sure mm i wouldn ' t force her into it but i guess through
984. that is i think it should be reduced by a couple of weeks mm one of those yeah call you a religious nut don ' t they? why religious? if you so you ' d rather that child grow up in a shitty home and have a shitty life no no for the whole of its life no than no j quietly put it out of its misery? no i just cos that ' s what
985. life no than no j quietly put it out of its misery? no i just cos that ' s what ' s gonna happen with all these people that oh crap i don ' t want this child it ' s twenty weeks in it kind of looks like a baby but if i have this child it ' s not gonna have a dad i ' m gonna be poor for the rest of my life it
986. ' s what ' s gonna happen with all these people that oh crap i don ' t want this child it ' s twenty weeks in it kind of looks like a baby but if i have this child it ' s not gonna have a dad i ' m gonna be poor for the rest of my life it ' s i ' m gonna resent this child do you think that ' s better? well
987. like a baby but if i have this child it ' s not gonna have a dad i ' m gonna be poor for the rest of my life it ' s i ' m gonna resent this child do you think that ' s better? well that ' s why they haven ' t reduced it then or should it go into adoption? no should it just go be born because what ' s the alternative
990. but i ' ll support you that ' s the only choice really isn ' t it? yeah to be the honourable person yeah and then you end up well you couldn ' t walk away from your child could you? but you know what would happen though we ' d end up divorcing mm and splitting up and the child would have a crappy upbringing and it would just be crap wouldn ' t
991. and then you end up well you couldn ' t walk away from your child could you? but you know what would happen though we ' d end up divorcing mm and splitting up and the child would have a crappy upbringing and it would just be crap wouldn ' t it? why should i put a child through that? well at the end just because it wouldn ' t be your final decision
992. happen though we ' d end up divorcing mm and splitting up and the child would have a crappy upbringing and it would just be crap wouldn ' t it? why should i put a child through that? well at the end just because it wouldn ' t be your final decision though would it? maybe it would be better to split up if she really wants to have the child mm mm and
993. put a child through that? well at the end just because it wouldn ' t be your final decision though would it? maybe it would be better to split up if she really wants to have the child mm mm and then she can find somebody that does actually wanna look after a child mm i was gonna say that maybe you ' d split up like straightaway even though you were still its father and you
994. be your final decision though would it? maybe it would be better to split up if she really wants to have the child mm mm and then she can find somebody that does actually wanna look after a child mm i was gonna say that maybe you ' d split up like straightaway even though you were still its father and you ' re su supportive but then you ' re putting an ultimatum on them aren '
995. that that looks terrible yeah i know i know to everyone well it ' s not about everyone anyway it ' s about the two of you what about if you said okay well let ' s have the child but adopt it? immediately put it into a loving family of course you can ' t get rid of this baby you believe that you you yeah you shouldn ' t end this life yeah but we can '
996. s it is it? just just and you ' re meant to be selfless at that point aren ' t you? and just devote your life to them but i couldn ' t imagine having a child and and i guess you wouldn ' t allow yourself to resent it is that what people do? they just don ' t allow themselves you convince yourself that that ' s i just think naturally you wouldn
997. think naturally you wouldn ' t because you would become accustomed to the fact it would take you a while to get your head round it but what if you don ' t like children? yeah but your child is different to everybody else ' s children everybody says that mm it ' s everyone says that it ' s i don ' t think it ' s true i think it ' s something that not everyone but
998. round and everything you know sometimes it ' s kind of like god it ' s weird or i can ' t get on with him or do you know what i mean? it ' s like your child is the one that you have the time and effort for and and all of that because you ' ve got that and you ' re shaping him bond yeah from conception to birth and onwards but that bond has
999. t go away? yeah yeah what if that you have that and it doesn ' t end and some some women have that don ' t they? yeah yeah yeah they actually don ' t love their child for the first few years yeah and that ' s fair because you can ' t just expect to love something immediately because it ' s yours yeah you have to spend time doing it and having them yet it
1000. ##powering feeling to want babies and be around children and all of that it ' s more the woman that would have that feeling and then it grows with a man i just feel like when you have a child you end up spending most of your time around children and i really enjoy adult company intelligent conversation not mm mm the conversation with children mm i find it quite tedious i i can do it for a while
1002. that i ' m not a good parent if i think that then i can ' t be a good parent that ' s not what a parent should be so no but if i were to have a child now it would be ridiculous being a parent is like s it ' s not something that you know are you cold? it ' s something that you learn no of course but there ' s quite a large
1007. social and and er numerous attributes like er loads of things that i mean most people kind of develop as they go on through the having children maybe they didn ' t have it quite right on their first child but they ' re better on their second child that kind of thing mm mm i guess i see those attributes and think oh i should have x amount of money in the bank before i have a child mm
1008. of things that i mean most people kind of develop as they go on through the having children maybe they didn ' t have it quite right on their first child but they ' re better on their second child that kind of thing mm mm i guess i see those attributes and think oh i should have x amount of money in the bank before i have a child mm and i think i should be able to provide
1009. child but they ' re better on their second child that kind of thing mm mm i guess i see those attributes and think oh i should have x amount of money in the bank before i have a child mm and i think i should be able to provide it for these things and if it wants to go on a school trip i can afford for it to go on a school trip mm okay and these kind
1010. a school trip mm okay and these kind of things do you know what i mean? mm there ' s a whole a whole plethora of attributes that i feel are necessary before you have a child i mean i ' m of such a a liberal mindset that i actually personally would change the whole structure i know you would yeah you ' ve told me before i don ' t think that children should
1011. should a we should all be euthanised euthanised sorry we should all be sterilised and you should apply to have children and you should meet x amount of criteria before you have a child and then that child probably should effectively i mean i don ' t see why we don ' t have systems for having children if you need to apply for a driving licence and you need to apply t it
1012. all be euthanised euthanised sorry we should all be sterilised and you should apply to have children and you should meet x amount of criteria before you have a child and then that child probably should effectively i mean i don ' t see why we don ' t have systems for having children if you need to apply for a driving licence and you need to apply t it ' s a massive
1013. if you need to apply for a driving licence and you need to apply t it ' s a massive criteria to adopt it takes years to be able to adopt but yet you can just pump out a child no worries with no nobody evaluating you in any sense whatsoever that to me is is ridiculous absolutely ridiculous and the only reason it exists is because it ' s that easy to have a child so but also it
1014. pump out a child no worries with no nobody evaluating you in any sense whatsoever that to me is is ridiculous absolutely ridiculous and the only reason it exists is because it ' s that easy to have a child so but also it ' s freedom isn ' t it? otherwise you ' re going back to china and er places like that where they you er er have they have rules that you can only have isn
1015. can only have i mean that wasn ' t as it was a rule but the only rule that really existed the only way that they enforced that rule was that they said if you have more than one child mm you have to pay for everything for that child oh right okay that was how they did it yeah they didn ' t say you can ' t have a child they just said you can only have one
1016. it was a rule but the only rule that really existed the only way that they enforced that rule was that they said if you have more than one child mm you have to pay for everything for that child oh right okay that was how they did it yeah they didn ' t say you can ' t have a child they just said you can only have one child that the state will pay for mm if you
1017. said if you have more than one child mm you have to pay for everything for that child oh right okay that was how they did it yeah they didn ' t say you can ' t have a child they just said you can only have one child that the state will pay for mm if you want another child which was fair enough really you need to be yeah i mean i don ' t have i don
1018. you have to pay for everything for that child oh right okay that was how they did it yeah they didn ' t say you can ' t have a child they just said you can only have one child that the state will pay for mm if you want another child which was fair enough really you need to be yeah i mean i don ' t have i don ' t see a problem with that mm the
1019. that was how they did it yeah they didn ' t say you can ' t have a child they just said you can only have one child that the state will pay for mm if you want another child which was fair enough really you need to be yeah i mean i don ' t have i don ' t see a problem with that mm the problem is that you then get mm all sorts of negative effects
1020. should be having children that aren ' t mm so i don ' t see why we just what i my perfect system would be i ' m cold you don ' t you don ' t have a child i if i ' m talking sci - fi like you know what i mean? mm like in a in the future nobody has children children are created and they ' re created without defect genes without all this
1021. the future nobody has children children are created and they ' re created without defect genes without all this kind of stuff yeah yeah was talking about this the other you know what i mean? you make a child yeah so none of these genetic defects are passed on and then they are placed into the care of people temporarily mm you know and i maybe could consider the prospect of having a child a lot more if it
1022. ? you make a child yeah so none of these genetic defects are passed on and then they are placed into the care of people temporarily mm you know and i maybe could consider the prospect of having a child a lot more if it was for five years or something if we were okay we ' re gonna have a child for five years and then we ' ll teach everything we can to that child for five years
1023. care of people temporarily mm you know and i maybe could consider the prospect of having a child a lot more if it was for five years or something if we were okay we ' re gonna have a child for five years and then we ' ll teach everything we can to that child for five years and look after it and we ' ll have a bond with it and then it ' ll move on to someone
1024. having a child a lot more if it was for five years or something if we were okay we ' re gonna have a child for five years and then we ' ll teach everything we can to that child for five years and look after it and we ' ll have a bond with it and then it ' ll move on to someone else now we don ' t forget the child we still have some role to
1025. everything we can to that child for five years and look after it and we ' ll have a bond with it and then it ' ll move on to someone else now we don ' t forget the child we still have some role to play within the child ' s life but it it ' s not living with us you know what i mean? er and then you can also control how many children we '
1026. look after it and we ' ll have a bond with it and then it ' ll move on to someone else now we don ' t forget the child we still have some role to play within the child ' s life but it it ' s not living with us you know what i mean? er and then you can also control how many children we ' re having and like the population doesn ' t need
1027. growing and keep getting bigger mm and when we don ' t have a fi we have a finite amount of resources and and the whole system to me and if i think this how can i have a child? mm i ' ve said to you before i don ' t agree with education er how it is how can i give my child up to the state mm in four years in and then just say alright
1028. system to me and if i think this how can i have a child? mm i ' ve said to you before i don ' t agree with education er how it is how can i give my child up to the state mm in four years in and then just say alright it ' s up to you to educate my child? even though i ' m a teacher and i ' m educated and i '
1029. don ' t agree with education er how it is how can i give my child up to the state mm in four years in and then just say alright it ' s up to you to educate my child? even though i ' m a teacher and i ' m educated and i ' m qualified to impart my wisdom on my children well you have another option there don ' t you? you you teach
1030. rich? mm er you need to be rich to do that mm so i don ' t have that option i ' d love to have that option yeah brilliant and i stop working and we raise a child maybe we could do that but you need a hell of a lot of money in the bank to be able to do something like that mm so that option doesn ' t actually exist it ' s not a
1031. only a real option for people that have a lot of money mm so all of these k all of these attributes and all of the ways i think just make me think i shouldn ' t have a child i shouldn ' t do it cos it ' s just well you ' re a lot erm what ' s the word? i don ' t think not bravery you ' re a lot more level
1032. feel like er you know what are we missing out on if we don ' t have children? oh definitely and you ' ve always got this thing as well that every person that ' s had a child is gonna look down on you and go you just don ' t know cos you haven ' t had a child and that i find frustrating why would that bother you? it bothers me because it
1033. ' ve always got this thing as well that every person that ' s had a child is gonna look down on you and go you just don ' t know cos you haven ' t had a child and that i find frustrating why would that bother you? it bothers me because it ' s like saying i can ' t possibly have any idea of what it ' s like to drive a car just
1034. wait until you have your own children and then you ' ll know mm as if there ' s some magical boundary that you ' re gonna cross and then suddenly it all becomes clear when you have a child i find that quite patronising to tell it would it would be quite interesting if you do to then have a conversation again just to see if you and i ' m sure i ' d make all the
1035. more thought into not having children mm than the people that had children and a lot of p people are becoming more career - minded and and haven ' t got the time in their life to have a child yeah there ' s definitely a lack of years isn ' t there? in life that ' s er i think people are different i think i think couples or youngsters or older people that don ' t
1036. that ' s a choice that we make isn ' t it? but i mean as a teacher i have the potential to impact a variety of children or a variety of people mm not just my one child but you can go home at the end of the night i mean i ' d have to i work my job is working with people mm all the time you know what i mean? mm and i '
1037. not to have children yeah it ' s a very very big decision to make yeah do you think the pressure is more on and we have to live with it for a whole that you should have a child what than not having one? when you ' re together as a couple? oh massively so and especially now i ' ve proposed to anyone we meet that knows that we ' re engaged or married or
1038. what i mean? and living abroad it ' s even harder because that is a very strict system mm you know what i mean? mm in korea you have a ch you get married you have a child mm they can ' t understand why you don ' t have children mm so pretty much every single korean you meet and get to know a little bit is gonna be asking you where are your children? and
1039. said because we have this plan i can ' t where where do you fit children into that plan? mm and that plan is much more important to me than the other i mean if i have a child i could make a strong impact on one person if i follow academia i could have a strong impact on thousands of people mm i could write come up with some revolutionary theory that has an impact on lots of
1040. could have a strong impact on thousands of people mm i could write come up with some revolutionary theory that has an impact on lots of people forever or who ' s to say though i could have one child and that you and er you know will have your ten - year plan and get where you wanna go and then decide okay the time ' s right now we may do we may do who ' s to
1041. live far away from mm quite live quite far away from where i am now if i never have children i can always visit them if i have kids they ' re not gonna be a part of my child ' s life really mm i mean they might see them every so often but that community that i ' m building is not a very good community for having a child in mm if they ' re the people
1042. not gonna be a part of my child ' s life really mm i mean they might see them every so often but that community that i ' m building is not a very good community for having a child in mm if they ' re the people that i want my child to be around how am i gonna get them all together to do that? they ' re gonna be surrounded i ' m gonna go to
1043. i mean they might see them every so often but that community that i ' m building is not a very good community for having a child in mm if they ' re the people that i want my child to be around how am i gonna get them all together to do that? they ' re gonna be surrounded i ' m gonna go to school with those people and be looking at all the rest of the
1044. well it ' s not the right way is it? to kind of like there ' s no right way no there ' s no right way just not ideal to work full - time and have a child but no but that ' s what everyone does you can ' t mm can ' t not well i certainly d i wouldn ' t have been happy being at home all the time no not now not after
1045. a life outside of home if you know what i mean and something i ' m good at and something that i feel like i have achieved but imagine that system that i proposed where you look after a child for a few years mm what if let ' s not talk about because obviously you have a very close mm relationship with that you can ' t possibly look outside it mm let ' s talk about somebody else
1047. ##dised for work you don ' t have to work many hours you could do your work at home but that ' s like er like fostering isn ' t it? yeah so you have that child for a few years and then you go back into full - time work and you still have access to that child mm you can still go and visit them you can still spend time with them at the weekends
1048. ' s like er like fostering isn ' t it? yeah so you have that child for a few years and then you go back into full - time work and you still have access to that child mm you can still go and visit them you can still spend time with them at the weekends and in the evenings if you want to but now somebody else is completely off work looking after that child also mm
1049. that child mm you can still go and visit them you can still spend time with them at the weekends and in the evenings if you want to but now somebody else is completely off work looking after that child also mm mm and they have and they end up growing up and actually having access to numerous families that they can live with mm mm and numerous fam and if they decide yeah i wanna go and live
1050. the whole system ' s just not conducive to having a healthy lifestyle for children i don ' t think which is why i just mm i ' m not the right person to have a child i think about it too much it ' s sad to a certain degree are you hungry? i ' ll have some yoghurt probably i ' m feeling a little bit hungry oh is your stomach back
1051. said he ' d make some kind of quip at my expense then everyone laughing how old is she? have we has she told us yet? no she hasn ' t told us yet has she child oh eighteen yeah well when she wrote this yep everything i said he ' d make some kind of quip sorry i ' m just messing about he said when i looked hurt it ' s alright i sl
1059. you? er and well i but and i answered what i thought and i should have waited for him to say but it was that they were struggling with you know they ' ve already got one young child and another was going through that was going through the terrible twos another one on the way and i used to look after him and we got on alright so and so it may well be that he knows
1066. s really good so yeah edward is orig it was and george the sixth was the queen ' s dad who was the king ' s speech speech issue so you ' re going to victoria to her child second in line mm to he is queen ' s speech ' s dad queen ' s speech ' s dad king ' s speech ' s dad yeah yes so basically oh it ' s not a big gap
1070. you would have to oh yes not now of course i disapprove very strongly of that because if you ' re a young mother in the air force or in any services and you have a child a baby you cannot put the service first and therefore your if you rush off because you ' ve got a baby your colleagues are carrying the weight and i think that ' s quite wrong they used to have
1071. couldn ' t join if you had children under fifteen and i thought that was fair after that they can fend for themselves but until that time we felt that erm careers should come secondary to the child mm it ' s difficult with the men really yes i think it ' s just so hard it ' s just not fair but i mean the norm now is that they can be pregnant in the service and
1072. kuwait war had a baby but then i suppose i i suppose that erm there ' s probably more peace time enough jobs and are based in this country of administrative nature that that if you have a child you could be you know sort of confined to duty at some base either here or in germany or that you wouldn ' t have to be no but again it could mean again that your male colleagues are taking
1074. s only moved here for two years so she ' s usually you know wanting to make friends and meet people and well yeah cos it was interesting that she came there to these glasses after having a child already you ' d think they were for people who haven ' t had children yet mm hm but she ' s had a child and she didn ' t have them for her it ' s definitely where they
1075. ##s it was interesting that she came there to these glasses after having a child already you ' d think they were for people who haven ' t had children yet mm hm but she ' s had a child and she didn ' t have them for her it ' s definitely where they ' re meeting people isn ' t it? and also she knew she was gonna have a caesarean yeah that ' s right
1078. but how do they know if the child ' s sight needs correcting at that young age? i don ' t know it ' s ridiculous maybe they went to opticians and no but when the child ' s growing up when it ' s a toddler you need to give it time for its eyes to grow into its you know face i don ' t know i only needed glasses when i was fourteen
1083. hasn ' t that ' s utter bollocks that ' s so stupid that looks a big bum she ' s exploded by some hundred pounds even though she ' s not due to deliver her second child a son with husband kanye west biggest nut job ever until december kim ' s breasts are fucking huge oh and she ' s shocked she she ha she has shocking stretch marks and saggy breasts kanye doesn '
1084. fact yeah but she ' s not gonna be spoilt with things no no but there ' s other ways to spoil children yeah i don ' t know say if he w if she was a second child like it ' s only child syndrome isn ' t it? erm even firstborns can get only child syndrome because they get all the attention erm second born and third born don ' t get
1085. not gonna be spoilt with things no no but there ' s other ways to spoil children yeah i don ' t know say if he w if she was a second child like it ' s only child syndrome isn ' t it? erm even firstborns can get only child syndrome because they get all the attention erm second born and third born don ' t get so much attention so they '
1086. spoil children yeah i don ' t know say if he w if she was a second child like it ' s only child syndrome isn ' t it? erm even firstborns can get only child syndrome because they get all the attention erm second born and third born don ' t get so much attention so they ' re less spoilt and she gets all of our attention all of the time mm
1087. born and third born don ' t get so much attention so they ' re less spoilt and she gets all of our attention all of the time mm or she gets attention so if there was another child we wouldn ' t be able to give her all of that attention what are you trying to sell me another child? no i ' m saying that she could get if we ' re not careful she could
1088. of our attention all of the time mm or she gets attention so if there was another child we wouldn ' t be able to give her all of that attention what are you trying to sell me another child? no i ' m saying that she could get if we ' re not careful she could get only child syndrome or first child syndrome it ' s the same because there ' s nobody to share the attention
1089. t be able to give her all of that attention what are you trying to sell me another child? no i ' m saying that she could get if we ' re not careful she could get only child syndrome or first child syndrome it ' s the same because there ' s nobody to share the attention around yeah and that ' s why we ' ve got to why don ' t they just put her in
1090. give her all of that attention what are you trying to sell me another child? no i ' m saying that she could get if we ' re not careful she could get only child syndrome or first child syndrome it ' s the same because there ' s nobody to share the attention around yeah and that ' s why we ' ve got to why don ' t they just put her in front of the mirror
1092. ' t they just have a very different i think she was quite like lifestyle mm and she was very like young sort of yeah like always having fun i think she was a bit young to have a child yeah as well yeah she ' s always at the like youtube parties and yeah and she ' s always like oh i love a party and yeah all that stuff and she always goes on holiday and ' s
1099. ##nta? yeah or they can donate it? or they can just donate it to er then i presume they sell it on you ' d just keep it wouldn ' t you? in case your child ever needed it well you would but you don ' t you don ' t need that really you don ' t need all of it also they ' re doing that to be honest i don ' t know
1101. it beforehand yeah but you know like anyone who not being nasty but anyone who would understand why they would want their stem cells would surely want to save them for themselves sorry i don ' t for their child? understand what you ' re saying do you know what i mean? yeah i i suppose like like why would you agree to giving away the stem cells for some m you know not being like? you
1108. nun yeah so that was the thing is that i thought oh she ' s just going to have to she ' s far too pretty to become a nun yeah it ' s unbelievable really she had a child she could have just become her aunt yeah she could have just moved into the aunt ' s place yeah and become some sort of you know of course she could have just lived her life but the but god
1109. about? yes they asked me and i said i ' ve got family in dependants yeah erm so i expect they ' ll want to be able to well that take take people you might get child benefit well you don ' t know maybe if i can prove she exists well that ' s why i said birth certificates yeah but it ' s in chinese you see well you know because i i they can
1111. ' t know what he thinks be like listen i ' m a baker what do you expect? yeah but he has a picture on in the in the dentist office of like him and his wife and child and they ' re all like like brushing their teeth? holding alalmost they ' re all like holding a toothbrush cuddling and like arranged in a in a triangle with all their faces and they
1114. come out with higher paid jobs because that ' s what happens in life and then you just play your like roll the board and then each square is a different thing oh okay and you could get a child you could go on holiday do you like it? erm i haven ' t played the board game for a long time but yeah it was fun yeah i did but i played it when i was like
1115. yeah that sounds like a a name you should know doesn ' t it? it ' s a good name okay so so and yeah i see how the ended up in right because and had yes one child okay and then she married this i don ' t know where i put his she was born in eighteen thirty - three gosh so that ' s erm but that they and i can ' t er
1117. because i ' m not much younger than than your sister your mother yeah yeah that ' s right yeah so my father was but i ' m not sure my mother would have known that he had a child some or perhaps i ' m making excuses for her yeah i don ' t know but it must have been that and it ' s awful to think that my mother would have been named as the co -
1120. he can do what he fucking wants well he can to be fair oh my god she ' s proper pregnant isn ' t she? hevo pregnant i ' m impressed with her actually with a pointless child any reason in particular? she drinks so much she has got a pretty important role though yeah what what else is she gonna do? she wasn ' t doing fuck all would she if she wasn ' t
1126. you wouldn ' t know if the woman was pregnant mm so it was a way of making sure that she wasn ' t pregnant before she remarried ah ah right okay yeah so they ' d know whose child it was mm quite interesting there ' s a lady over the road who ' s seventy i was walking round one day and she started to chat and she ' d been having some sort of counselling and
1127. luckily couples who two people with no children are w would benefit the most from this well you see um i ' m but i have absolutely huge sympathy i think it ' s a great idea to cut child benefit from couples earning over fifty thousand pounds well exactly i mean if you ' re earning fifty grand that ' s like i ' m s you ' re doing alright like put it into the nhs instead like
1128. ##scribe mm certain drugs to kiddies with cancer and i think well hm mm quite i dunno i think i er but if you ' re a woman it ' s your human right to have a child so you can have ivf for free i ' m i ' m uncomfortable with that fuck off i ' ve gotta say that i think i think like yeah it should be spent on cancer drugs for kidd
1131. partially determined by their genes but it ' s unacceptable to say that you know yeah but you can ' t say both parents have got an iq of point six you ' re not going to produce a child who is but it ' s just not going to happen erm but mind you with genetics no it won ' t it ' s almost i ' d say that ' s pretty much an impossibility
1132. yeah the issue of course is that is that erm quite apart from the genetic issue people middle - class parents who have achieved as a result of their own ed education value education and they want their child to go to school schools are a beneficial exercise if your parents don ' t want you to go to school you ' re probably not going to go to cambridge are you? well no if you if you
1138. yeah yeah and teaching parents to be afraid and a lot of that ' s you know it ' s nonsense mm mm statistically what ' s the probability of you know a paedophile attacking your child or mm mm erm a rapist attacking your daughter i mean statistically it ' s tiny but the fear can be enormous mm mm but no i well i think sort of if you ' re talking
1145. ' t it? things like we we ' ve got to be really careful and and check people have citizenship and like for people ' s children and stuff you have to make sure that they h their child has the right to a a passport because yeah just being born in the uk doesn ' t entitle you to be a mm british citizen anymore it used to but after nineteen eighty - three it stopped
1152. with you but when you were when you were ten he was sixteen exactly but what difference does it make? age it ' s just a number and but then you think well actually if it were my child my daughter my son whatever you wouldn ' t want them you wouldn ' t want them to do that and it ' s and the whole thing with jimmy savileand erm loads of other people
1153. just awful well she said all the books say leave them they ' ll get used to it but she said you can ' t you know you can ' t you ' re the one who knows your child best yeah you can ' t always do what a book says because it doesn ' t work for every child as well every child yeah is different we ' re all different so but there ' s so many
1161. but they wanna move her hours so she starts later slightly later so she ' s doing eight until half past four but she ' s got childcare arrangements in that it ' s her sister ' s child that she looks after that enables her to sister to go to work okay yeah and then swap so she so yeah there is a childcare issue for her and so so actually though the reason that i '
1165. ##s don ' t they? so it mm just depends on what they say like oh you like if they say oh you ' ve lost come out right out and say oh you ' ve lost a child erm they come out and say that whereas if they beat around it and say well someone close to you has lost a child or stuff like that ' s it ' s yeah that ' s when you
1166. ve lost come out right out and say oh you ' ve lost a child erm they come out and say that whereas if they beat around it and say well someone close to you has lost a child or stuff like that ' s it ' s yeah that ' s when you know they ' re lying or like thinking yeah but she she said my mum like she said she just couldn ' t believe it
1168. for her to say he ' s coming is not her decision to do that are you with me? i mean i think that ' s your dilemma i just think cos don ' t want any child there so no if it were to happen yes i mean when when one child is there all the attention is on the child always er it ' s a dilemma because erm the parents putting up makes problems
1169. are you with me? i mean i think that ' s your dilemma i just think cos don ' t want any child there so no if it were to happen yes i mean when when one child is there all the attention is on the child always er it ' s a dilemma because erm the parents putting up makes problems further down the road with these this i mean it ' s like i mean
1171. ##m the parents putting up makes problems further down the road with these this i mean it ' s like i mean it does doesn ' t it? it ' s like erm if you have a child it does but there ' s a way round it if you have a child or your brother has a child erm your mother has two choices we either see that child together or she sees him later than
1172. mean it ' s like i mean it does doesn ' t it? it ' s like erm if you have a child it does but there ' s a way round it if you have a child or your brother has a child erm your mother has two choices we either see that child together or she sees him later than me because i will not have seeing no my grandchild before i do are
1173. mean it does doesn ' t it? it ' s like erm if you have a child it does but there ' s a way round it if you have a child or your brother has a child erm your mother has two choices we either see that child together or she sees him later than me because i will not have seeing no my grandchild before i do are you with me? because that
1174. erm if you have a child it does but there ' s a way round it if you have a child or your brother has a child erm your mother has two choices we either see that child together or she sees him later than me because i will not have seeing no my grandchild before i do are you with me? because that to me is wrong erm if don ' t worry i
1175. me because i will not have seeing no my grandchild before i do are you with me? because that to me is wrong erm if don ' t worry i ' m not gonna have a child and and i ' m not gonna have one or erm or erm have a child i will step back and let and go in right? because it ' s their grandchild i will take up
1176. ? because that to me is wrong erm if don ' t worry i ' m not gonna have a child and and i ' m not gonna have one or erm or erm have a child i will step back and let and go in right? because it ' s their grandchild i will take up the role as grandfather but there ' s a there ' s a erm there was there
1177. when we get to forty i think we ' ll have done everything we wanna do and we ' ll be in a good enough job and we ' ll be qualified enough to be able to give a child a good life but she may have hit the the menopause by then cos her family hit it quite young it ' s not her mum hit it at forty it ' s not impossible so we
1178. hit it at forty it ' s not impossible so we ' ve talked about erm adopting honestly adopting we thought if we if er between here and then we don ' t feel ready to have a child then maybe when we get to that point we ' ll adopt well though tasked with my with the erm the erm standard bearer of my genetic material i ' m sorry dad you say you don '
1179. next couple of years we ' re gonna have to pay for a phd which is gonna take a couple of years to save up and then a phd is four years itself i can ' t have a child while i ' m studying for a phd this is the dilemma that ' s got because like she ' s got another is it another three years isn ' t it? is it three? for what?
1180. thank you what even if she wanted to become a consultant cos she ' s a registrar already yes yeah thank you the problem there are things that get in the way you can ' t have a child at that point well this is it that ' s what she says well she ' s i can have if i have a child then i ' m not going to be able to look after it with the
1181. there are things that get in the way you can ' t have a child at that point well this is it that ' s what she says well she ' s i can have if i have a child then i ' m not going to be able to look after it with the hours that i ' ve done so then i ' ll have to either give up thank you and can we have er do you
1182. of coburn and you ' re okay with your yeah i ' m alright thanks no i ' m fine thank you yeah things get in the way i mean and i have considered if we had a child we would like to both work part time and alternate so we didn ' t have to put it into care or anything you know into care yeah cos otherwise what ' s the point? no that '
1184. be proud yeah oh she ' ll be proud you know regardless of having children it it it ' s the erm and if i if i adopted could you do you think you can love an adopted child? er ch like your own grandchildren? well erm i have two i mean there are children now that don ' t have parents i have two like adoptive sons so i ' ve kind of got round
1185. around and think of all the children who don ' t have parents yeah i mean i just think that i mean i always laugh at this is that i would like to adopt erm and have another child and then i think you have to be i i wasn ' t wouldn ' t have been a strong enough person to accept that that child directly because you have no idea of how that child is going to
1186. is that i would like to adopt erm and have another child and then i think you have to be i i wasn ' t wouldn ' t have been a strong enough person to accept that that child directly because you have no idea of how that child is going to turn out you can try everything possible but you wouldn ' t be there ' s no guarantee no thank you although there isn ' t with
1187. have another child and then i think you have to be i i wasn ' t wouldn ' t have been a strong enough person to accept that that child directly because you have no idea of how that child is going to turn out you can try everything possible but you wouldn ' t be there ' s no guarantee no thank you although there isn ' t with your own children either no well there isn ' t
1189. have a son it may not be reciprocated no we ' ll see and i we were talking about adoption earlier and i thought that the best best route to adoption would be to adopt a child about fourteen when they ' re about eighteen pay for them to go to university and then cut a deal with them that says you know i ' ll pay for you for uni and then you cover me
1191. of them said it ' s a flu some of them said it was ju or you know it was just a cold one of them even said it was like some psychological problems or something and then the child died because it was like i don ' t know it was like tuberculosis or something really? yeah and they went to six different doctors mm i mean it it must be a hard job being a doctor isn
1192. up in a charity shop and i re i found it really funny and it was just about i haven ' t read it for ages but like english girl mamarries this french guy and they have this child and then they ' re gonna split up but then the child ' s trying to get em back together mm but again it ' s quite witty but she was one of erm think her sister was like
1195. even in in his old age so she recorded lots of stuff about him staggering back from the office and oh and um you know she said to her lawyer i was worried for the safety of my own child and mm you know it was all provable he was such an idiot you know mm so he really didn ' t have a leg to stand on tut what an idiot so quite literally when he staggered
1196. give him a tenner what i owe him cos he ' s off to huntingdon to see his family his mum went to america today mhm er his sister lives in america they had a child who ' s i ' m not sure exactly the numbers but they think er the child is sort of a year behind learning to walk and talk and they ' re quite worried mhm um i don '
1197. ##don to see his family his mum went to america today mhm er his sister lives in america they had a child who ' s i ' m not sure exactly the numbers but they think er the child is sort of a year behind learning to walk and talk and they ' re quite worried mhm um i don ' t know about babies but i said to him i ' m sure that ' s not
1205. feels like a sacrifice to them and i just i was just really sick of that cos i felt like people were like dropping in to see and like you ' re like yeah like the baby the child that they come and baby and it ' s just like i just didn ' t wanna be that person like i i ' m not saying that you shouldn ' t be that person i ' m just say
1207. it was if the kid was like that the family were were fairly elusive i ' d got to get hold of the s and get one of the s up to birmingham to collect their oh gosh child from the airport oh no well i mean awful i my ears are still ringing from the abuse that i had oh no oh no but we got him back sadly he w he was oh he was a terror
1210. was born you had and you had and then there as the houses grew they ' ve kind of become one yeah and the graveyard yeah by by erm grandparents are buried there my dad was an only child but his grandad his dad my grandad was one i think of thirteen that survived so yeah erm but loves i love going to the graveyard mm and erm but there were quite a few large
1215. tantrum but every every single woman that comes out was like oh you could see them like oh god and then then they see the parents and they ' re like oh that ' s someone ' s child came out and they have little heart mini heart attacks and then you see them coming out but no it ' s fine that you ' re not giving in to his tantrum but you made lots of people
1218. i just sort of said took her up to a desk and one of the older ones said what do we do? so then she made an announcement for the mum you know we ' ve got a child at rece er at the desk yeah come here but i was like i was like i i didn ' t know what to do cos i hadn ' t been working there that long so then they
1221. can ' t she can ' t get out there because her sister isn ' t enough whatever their rules are she can ' t emigrate to based on her sister being out there she would need a child to be out there so so i mean to get are we moving house? i ' m not moving home how does that system work? cos that ' s not the same you couldn ' t get
1222. so i mean to get are we moving house? i ' m not moving home how does that system work? cos that ' s not the same you couldn ' t get out there because your child ' s not there? that system can ' t be right yeah but nanny it ' s on a points system i think nanny ' s in her seventies and she ' s no earnings to speak of she
1225. never know do you part of me thinks that maybe they ' re not talking to daughter at the moment because it does appear that there is a little baby that stays at the house often and a young child that stays at the house often oh? so it ' s his is it? no neighbours down the road neighbours down the road? oh right oh and i was never happy about that no i was never
1233. brain can swell and cause brain damage and things like that i ' ve read about lordy and it must be horrible if and autism as well mm so it must be terrible if you do give your child the injection and you know and he was one of the ones that mm hm did have autism and do you need a towel or something? i where ' s your bag? yeah which one? this one
1238. first baby er exactly just almost to the day that they had to leave berlin and then and move into the house in brussels and er er we went over had to come over to london to have the child erm in the typically erm i suppose it ' s a reprehensible way i put my foot down and said my grandson is going to be born in this country and i ' m not
1247. m sixty four this year sixty - four this year and i ' m getting aches and pains and i i i ' ve had my family i ' ve had my life i ' ve had my child i ' ve i ' ve had it all and now it ' s my time before i die it ' s my time it ' s time for me to give myself those little things like a an afternoon
1259. it happened to her too father used to beat his sister oh no actually beat her up oh golly there we are but you wouldn ' t know no and of course the dau you know their child i mean she ' s a grown woman now yeah she ' s traumatised the poor woman yeah i mean she ' s never been able to work no she ' s signed off work permanently i mean
1261. and he always said he was innocent yeah and his mother you know said he was she was with he he was with her although of course i suppose a mother might say that anyway just to protect her child a mother would say that yeah yeah yeah so they didn ' t believe her and then later they f someone else confessed that ' s right another man in prison yeah yeah confessed yes told his yeah was you
1264. but like but i think women should get more i think they should to be honest because but then that ' d be like i think i definitely think they should as well cos like you carry a child for nine months you get another ni yeah you get nine months ' maternity leave don ' t you? like if i when i ' m working if i have a kid i ' m gonna work until i
1271. actually it was ridiculous and they would report me for everything and i just think that was very unfair oh erm cos they wouldn ' t ' ve done that with any other child anyone ' s child no no yeah no so i didn ' t like that at all never mind i suppose that ' s life oh well that ' s life yes yeah think was always okay about it she didn ' t seem
1272. ' s got like the type of like working in a pub for example that ' s always on an evening so yeah that that does allow you to sort of fit in uh i guess bring up a child around that i suppose like my worry there is though that he would like if sarah goes to work all day and he ' s looks after the baby all day then he goes to work all night like that
1273. but just never e sort of never enough te do you think that he gets it and you think he earns quite a lot but spends quite a lot he does definitely does i ' m assuming the child i mean how much time how much does it cost to raise a child like as cheap as well i ' d i don ' t know i ' ve got absolutely no i ' ve got absolutely no like
1274. gets it and you think he earns quite a lot but spends quite a lot he does definitely does i ' m assuming the child i mean how much time how much does it cost to raise a child like as cheap as well i ' d i don ' t know i ' ve got absolutely no i ' ve got absolutely no like nothing to go on but anyway so then i was saying ah have you
1275. ll send you it in the post i don ' t wanna put it facebook i think it ' s a bit obscene which it is he was like he was like here ' s a picture of my child in inside my girlfriend lol like he doesn ' t really think that ' s a like why? is it? do people not do that? well yes people do do that but no i don '
1276. was saying they ' re thinking about like maybe moving to a different place cos obviously they ' re in like a one - bedroom flat at the moment yeah yeah it ' s hard to raise a child if you ' ve only got one bedroom but he said he ' ll obviously have to just save up because they need to get well he seems to be making quite a bit of money doesn ' t he
1277. ' t wanna be too squeamish i w i ' d be like i ' d wanna be more like yeah trying to help like i suppose if te you know if you were having a child and uh something something had gone wrong or something i ' d like to know a bit of the medical side so yeah so i might be able to help or something like that well anyway um um but yeah
1279. who wants to pull a christmas cracker? are you recording? let ' s do it oh sorry about that you ' re probably gonna whinge as usual but that ' s alright god your child oh no what a turn up for the books your pardon oh my god it ' s silver this is high quality hat oh my god it ' s two colours oh my god does this mean i win?
1281. we ' re probably we ' re probably a bit like that with her well worse than er worse than i mean i think yeah it ' s alright nothing we try not to teatreat like our child but we do well i know you ' re laughing at me but the thing is but thing i know i know just in ca i hope they don ' t steal it but shall i show this and the
1283. getting one for the first time yeah how much is it? it ' s gonna be a hundred odd quid isn ' t it? yeah that as well crazy money yeah get a passport for your child or baby ' s first uk passport what you need to know oh how long does it last? sorry? five years? i don ' t know i think it ' s yeah i think only five with
1285. ve got two birth certificates anyway yeah but even so you wanna send it all recorded post oh yeah yeah so that you know where it is and track it please note if you are just renewing your child ' s passport a birth certificate is only required if the passport has been lost or stolen parents are only required to provide additional documents if oh one or more of the parents does not currently hold a british passport
1288. what ' s that? erm hang on stop stop stop stop the press what book er were you reading at the weekend by jenny nimmo? the dragon ' s child the dragon ' s child and that ' s shaped like a dragon yeah but it does have doggies in but it ' s got a it ' s about a dragon isn ' t it? yeah but will get scared she does
1289. she used to take them to but not even that it ' s it ' s different for a bloke isn ' t it? yeah i wouldn ' t see looking after anyone else ' s child even though he ' s got his own mm know what i mean? wouldn ' t think he although he might turn out to be better than yeah well wouldn ' t be difficult no i don ' t
1309. now i don ' t want children ever like right now i think my life it would stop everything it would stop everything it ' s different for a man yeah like they can ac they can have a child with someone but they don ' t have to put in nine months yeah they don ' t have to breast - feed they don ' t have to do all that shit and like to me it ' s
1310. talking rubbish but you can ' t just like make off and do what you want can you? no i think though there are definitely like people who make it completely their world and people who have a child and a life mm well i ' m not saying like put the child in nursery like i ' d hate that like that ' s the thing though but the pressures it ' s pressure to make sure that
1311. you want can you? no i think though there are definitely like people who make it completely their world and people who have a child and a life mm well i ' m not saying like put the child in nursery like i ' d hate that like that ' s the thing though but the pressures it ' s pressure to make sure that you ' re growi you ' re making something lovely as well yeah
1312. a good life and i dunno it ' s a rea it ' s a really weird one i can ' t imagine a day that like we meet up and we ' ve both got a child yeah i fear that it probably won ' t ever happen and that ' s a fear it ' s a fear i ' m as scared of that as erm it actually happening you know? like bo
1313. i ' ve bought some kitkats for tonight and you ' re not having one unless you ' ve done your homework but you do need to get some homework done no shame bribing your child with kitkats that ' s terrible well i er i i er i bring up completely differently you should see her packed lunches they ' re absolutely ridiculous chock - a - block with crisps
1318. so many people that knew about it and didn ' t say anything yeah and i don ' t care how much money someone paid me if some if i knew someone were raping a baby or a child like yeah i er that ' s messed up it don ' t matter how much i would take the money and then i would go and like no but like if they said to you right yeah i '
1320. her brother that like cos like was talking about and she was like losing a sibling is like the worst thing in the world and she was saying like i think it ' s probably worse losing a child? yeah i don ' t know if she said that or like losing a parent or losing like a partner she said mm like your husband or whatever and she ' s like i still think about all the

Cluster 2
0. it was nice cos there were all the mummies and daddies well and then me and and was there snaffling yeah i was it was a little awkward since i was the only child there no you were ' s representative and i loved it yeah i would ' ve been very lonely if i ' d not had you there as well and also i ' d be crying my heart out would
1. and the presents yeah mum i think mum figured out that already person yes shall i break this apart? yes break it apart i yeah i can ' t do it right well do something you can do child like mucking around? no oh you ' re very good at that but no oh i ' m going to take something apart with this i know shall i break these apart? leave them because they '
2. yep cos it doesn ' t have any milk in it it doesn ' t have any milk in it but she ' s luckily she ' s always liked dark chocolate which is very unusual for a child she can have dairy free chocolate she can but that tends to be quite dark anyway but it ' s better to have like fully dark chocolate cos then there ' s not so much sugar in there co
4. this house on this terrace on a very steep hill while we were discussing i lived here i don ' t want to park on this steep hill outside the house and all of this there ' s this child ' s bike on the wall bright yellow then there was the bloke m there was the bike repair shop and the on a post outside on it was a bright yellow bike on the side that '
8. unless he stays with you mm yeah that ' s exactly it and then it kind of makes it difficult to record when he ' s there i wanna come i know you wanna come do they need like child data? no actually you ' re not meant to record anyone that ' s less than eighteen and i have to get my mother to write consent for him but in general they don ' t want people but
9. yeah so it ' s actually just h de de de de de line d but my mum ' s writing genuinely looks like arabic really? have you ever seen it? no come to the office my child i shall show you oh do we have to go right now? yes okay yes we do it ' s of upmost importance i think i saw a note once that sh that you snapped at you know
11. anybody? um no thank you yes i ' ll have some thank you er that ' s the one atlantic that ' s the one i was thinking of you muppet a primary school an infant school child would know that i wasn ' t taught that really? yeah i don ' t know it what were you taught? about the tudors mostly what were you taught in geography? um how to colour in
12. coat of paint and scratched his name in it scratched his name in the back of the door and in the cubicle so that pissed me off already the other day but erm so is that a child from? or is that er? it ' s not a child from it ' s definitely not a child from cos it ' s not childish writing it ' s basically somebody writing in big letters twice
13. the back of the door and in the cubicle so that pissed me off already the other day but erm so is that a child from? or is that er? it ' s not a child from it ' s definitely not a child from cos it ' s not childish writing it ' s basically somebody writing in big letters twice in what i would assume is basically someone who ' s not very
14. cubicle so that pissed me off already the other day but erm so is that a child from? or is that er? it ' s not a child from it ' s definitely not a child from cos it ' s not childish writing it ' s basically somebody writing in big letters twice in what i would assume is basically someone who ' s not very cool who thinks they can graffiti it co
15. who ' s sitting in the toilets bored on their phone and just multitasking yeah some idiot but no it ' s not it ' s it ' s the style of writing isn ' t a child ' s style of writing it ' s definitely not how stupid honestly i mean has seen that? well i don ' t know er so have you said something to about it? i don ' t know
19. i ' m full of grace? oh that thing? yeah monday ' s child is fair of face tuesday ' s child is full of grace er wednesday ' s chil is full of woe child? yes? wednes thursday ' s child has far to go f has far to go friday ' s child is can ' t remember say it er ffull of grace fair of face full of wo
33. none of us are okay happy all the time or grumpy all the time okay mm monday ' s child is really good tuesday tuesday ' s child likes a walk in the wood tuesday ' s child oh that ' s nice mm wednesday ' s child is really cheeky no wednesday ' s child is rea loves to play with lego no i liked er no erm wednesday ' s child is really
40. or is feeling peaky okay is is peaky what does peaky mean? feeling ill friday ' s child is friday ' s child is very bored tuesday ' s saturday ' s saturday ' s child likes a sw likes to play with his sword but the child is born on the sabbath day sabbath day loves her brother come what may or i thought you were gonna who loves her she loves her brother as
42. who loves her she loves her brother as well as oh wait who loves who brother that will always stay oh yeah loves her brother who will always stay i thought you were gonna say and sunday ' s child likes to eat spaghetti carbonara and this doesn ' t rhyme that ' s what i thought you were gonna say no spaghetti carbonara for a treat oh f like sweet spaghetti carbonara for a treat mm
44. proximity and i was like oo oo this is gonna be weird although but that she has to ask you she can ' t empathize with the fact that a sixteen - year - old child who at their at that point thinks that they know it all but of course they don ' t mm actually needs their parents as m more than ever mm was spending half their days it mi might find it
45. times tables with them like all the stuff that your parents do with you oh my god in the evenings you know like it ' s er school isn ' t enough is it like you ' re a child you ' re brain is a sponge you ' re constantly yeah absorbing information so you know don ' t just put them in front of the tv he said he went round the other day and he was reading
46. mum mum mum mum mum mum mum we want this dvd we want this dvd so she was like fine whatever so bought them the inbetweeners yeah oh my god talk about irresponsible child abuse yeah huh l l this was nicky ' s status so i thought she ' d actually booked something mm and she said er not booked but got an appointment at sta travel hoping to at least get
47. had a dummy or eight or however you are when you c have holy communion but the thing is when you do your first holy communion you ' re six or seven years o myself look at the little child next to her aw it ' s awful isn ' t it? little ' uns see how did they get her hair like that? cos i want to know how to do that did you not
49. ' t know it sounds quite interesting three fruits i don ' t understand in the morning i ' m making strudel you can have your chair back yes you may have your chair back thank you child ' s making tatties i ' m now putting in potato pineapples i thought that said necrophiles then and it scared me a little bit will you do this for me in the
50. you think about when you see something like that yeah i know you think you don ' t think oh i ' ll look at the timestamp you ' re like oh fuck there ' s a child fingering herself on a picture like you know? so yeah the the police are involved which is worrying because if it ' s been distributed more loads of people could have it you know what it ' s
51. was like for fuck ' s sake i was like keep it in your pants yeah and you shouldn ' t even know what ' s in your pants at that age no you should not i think a child i know but pardon me pardon you it proper smells like popcorn in here like it does last night oh my god oh my bladder hurts mrs told me i ' d lost weight today i was like did she
53. they getting married? uhu did you not see is it the fattest man in the world? and bless him he was really lovely and he ' d had problems since he ' d been a child that he ' d always had problems with his body image so he ' d eat and like con yeah to console himself and he he was bedridden he was one of them and he got married to
55. one sorry i can erm go no it ' s alright but erm but no he was so he ' s so content so content yeah was saying i was giving him a little bit of my child psychology education oh were you? yeah when i went to cos i starte oh you know don ' t you? i ' ve started this yyeah child psychology course yeah and i had to
56. him a little bit of my child psychology education oh were you? yeah when i went to cos i starte oh you know don ' t you? i ' ve started this yyeah child psychology course yeah and i had to give it up cos i was doing too much as usual yeah thanks erm and i said to him erm i said i said i can ' t reme
57. teacher to be yeah and he tries to he would be a perfect primary school teacher i know maybe we should suggest all of his ideas everything he does how he treats his pupils like if a primary school child seven - year - old or something was lying on the table yeah you need to go are you alright? do you need and if it ' s a fifteen - year - old and you ' re like
59. that is a first i ' ve seen children in the sea in the sea? paddling they ' re paddling oh right wait no that ' s just a small lady no that ' s a child man oh really? the bigger one? oh the bigger one ' s a lady yeah there ' s two girls one ' s way bigger than the other there ' s a very very small lady shit lady
60. ' s true because it ' s true mm i know and even now the irish government they have i think apologised to all the families this happened to but the book was done from the child ' s perspective so this baby was born and adopted and sent to america and it was him never thinking his mother wanted he went back to try and find his mother at the nuns he didn ' t think
62. like really the teeth if you g though if you go on my facebook there ' s a video of me when i was really like little like that age actually what i looked like when i was a child cos i was a fucking weird kid i was so cute and now i ' m like three sixty the other way no you ' re not no but i was like really cute i had an afro i
63. like sort of look around? yeah your hair i can ' t get over your hair what are you saying? you ' re so cute that ' s such an adorable video oh that is a little child i think i was four or five you ' re so cute oh i don ' t ha i don ' t think i have any videos of me when i was younger not on facebook at least i '
64. that ' s right maybe go on your actual like have you got any albums like that are just like? mm mob actually yeah i might i ' m i ' m excited to see you as a child there i can actually imagine you now and i ' m just gonna see if it ' s correct i was so cute oh embarrassing might be something oh god these are just like from primary school fucking hell oh
67. had a face - lift check out our exciting new look what why won ' t it show me pictures? cos you ' re crap you ' re shit and you know you are this is the child aww he ' s well i dunno what it ' s very strange isn ' t it? after giving you such abuse i mean not that i ' m you know it ' s not that i
68. straight there? i guess if she ' s not drinking how strange i bet she will drink i think she will yeah cos everyone will say to her what you doing? come on man up silly child did she say what time she wants to meet? no not yet text me to find out ahh d ' you think we need a bit of prosecco? mm my hair ' s in a lot
69. i don ' t cos he said he ' s out for dinner in frankie and bennie ' s i hate frankie and bennie ' s oh shit is is he a nine year - old child? well yeah i was like cos unless he is i don ' t know if he ' s taking anyone ' s children or what but he ' s gonna turn up there so i ' m guessing
70. money oh her real name ' s yeah yeah and she was the only person famous person around called at the time and obviously she was really fat when she first started and i wasn ' t the smallest child in the world she did not do me any hu any favours ah mate uh well i ' m named after the queen so that ' s great when i called um vodafone the other day
71. i think so i mean i don ' t know him very well what your impression? yeah mm yes ah no i ' ve just put black dots under my eyes bugger black dots? y doing child? touched my eyelashes and then my eyelashes touched under the ah that ' s okay just get the old uh what d ' you call it? those things you put in your ears cotton bud yeah ah some
72. getting lots of notes for you that i have five six seven eight plus the ten can you speak properly? yeah just speak properly or we won ' t play with you i am winning right alright winning child can you erm throw the dice please? oh yeah i put too i beg your pardon? i put too many fives in did you? let ' s hope that ' s true yeah i think
73. it was quite hard for me to understand i think i ' m getting it i ' m getting it more now do you think that ' s partly because isn ' t it through the eyes of a child? so the children don ' t undunderstand everything so you ' re like a bit confused like the child would be maybe or is it just you that ' s confused? i think it ' s
74. do you think that ' s partly because isn ' t it through the eyes of a child? so the children don ' t undunderstand everything so you ' re like a bit confused like the child would be maybe or is it just you that ' s confused? i think it ' s just me er one one thing i really didn ' t like is when they shot the dog yeah they had no
75. sometimes it ' s they all he ' s a really handsome son see lelet ' s let ' s say let ' s say if i was a woman and then my woman friend had like a child it ' d be oh he ' s so handsome i ' d say that even if he was not handsome at all just to be k nice and i and i know that that ' s look you know
76. the um tesco ' s mouthwash yes burns like a mofo what? burns your mouth burns your mouth um i mean i don ' t know if i ' m being a bit of a child about it because the one i used before was not very burny it was just fresh i ' m not sure it ' s supposed to burn your mouth yeah or or i was just gargling it
77. the yeah seeing seeing aspect of my life yeah so only one person turned it off i think i w i ' m close to turning mine off now his face scares me a bit he looks like a child he does look quite chi s let ' s play okay let ' s play his voice is turning me off yep i ' m getting close i suppose were they all his mum ' s friends? i don
78. really really good yeah erm thank you thank you so erm when ' s your when ' s your next holiday then? next next holiday yeah erm we ' ve got well we were providing child care services to er to the er household for the next few months right oh are you? so erm so we we ' ve got ca why? are they away? have they gone away? yeah
79. but you ' ll get salmonella and it ' s like no your parents lied to you cos they were eating your cake mix while you starved you ' ve you ' ve been deprived as a child i think i don ' t believe that cos my mum always used to say that to me but no one ever told me about the lion stamp meaning that it was salmonella free yeah so i did
80. just a way of being certain that i would shut up for twenty minutes probably why she baked so often yeah i i can ' t i can ' t confirm but i think i was a bloody irritating child em i i i ' m assuming this because i think most children are bloody irritating and i was a talkative little git so em if you ' re asked your d you you have a brother and
81. her father was there? not even no did they ask her whether her father was there? i have no idea but it ' s what i i i hope they had um an appropriate adult with the child? but then i don ' t know what the rules are in france but here you cannot i um tut interview er a youth without an appropriate adult mm well er at that point in time i don
82. you just say look i can ' t do it and then if you wanna do more yeah you just swap with people erm whereas if if i said you almost sound you almost sound like a nosed child but if i said i wanted to work full time they would give me thirty - seven and a half hours a week and i ' d rather have the choice yeah so me when i when i was working
83. because i ' m if i ' m not eating no drinking out or in uni i ' m sleeping like i don ' t do anything but i i feel i feel like a twelve year old child dressed up in adults clothes yeah so do i i go into my job like same i know what i ' m doing have you seen that thing about it ' s scary when you ' re looking for an
91. i e? i e? and how do you spell? is not oh i did a good deed the other day i don ' t know whether any of you are still friends what you shot the child? no with on facebook? no i i don ' t have added on facebook in the first place she got she we she posted about the fact she was like girls i ' ve got this very embarrassing
94. sister he ' s nineteen years old so sexy sister saucy pops she ' s also got a sixteen - year - old sister as well i thought you were gonna say sixteen - year - old child i was like hang on the maths of that doesn ' t add up but we we were there with er cos we could only get one ticket for yeah but we were there w some of his
96. it ' ll come to me eventually so he ' s done a lot of different things yeah yeah and the good thing is that he he ' s had a history of tv work yeah as as a child he tried to travel the whole world with the bbc as a presenter really? yeah no way travelled the whole world as a kid? yeah he was a tv presenter a tv centre presenter for a programme called
97. ? yeah yeah yeah and so because of that he got to travel the whole world wow yeah australia america what a lucky guy yeah a lucky kid he done he so he got on his feet as a child but he didn ' t even realise that that he didn ' t wanna be in front of the camera mm mm and he wanted that to it wasn ' t wasn ' t for him mm mm it '
98. kind of sort of yeah rolling from one thing to the next yeah all my children do the arts right but but the the only thing is that with with the arts when you go through it as a child there comes a a point where you can sort of this for real or is it not for real mm right? oh yeah i suppose that ' s true yeah so it ' s hap it ' s
99. s been a good experience for them yeah course but they ' ve all had this point where oh gosh you see it happen with things like that that they get to they might get parts as a child yeah then afterwards it ' s like do you take the step in as an as an adult? mm it ' s a big step mm because er sometimes you might get a a a natural transition mm like
100. a big st yeah it ' s a big step yeah from some of them don ' t never have to go and study that three years yeah and just have a natural progression yeah as a as a child fascinating yeah they all had jobs as kids then? somehow or other they always managed to get their own jobs? like national royal royal royal national theatre yeah they done it they ' ve all they ' ve
101. ha used to have a yeah the bagel one ' s are really cool you used to have to have a licence to like sell bagels yeah and there was like the if you were an orphan child that was like you could sell bbagels illegally and it was like everybody turned a blind eye yeah it ' s super cool oh you should read it it ' s really cool apparently like in i will
102. to sleep then closing your eyes and not moving is the next best thing that ' s what my mum told me that ' s what my yeah dad told me did he? cos i as a child i could never go to sleep best advice ever and he was like don ' t worry like as long as you ' re just lying there it ' s the same as being asleep yeah don ' t worry
103. re still no they ' re still doing it yeah so erm i dunno there ' s a lot a lot to think about but yeah but doesn ' t find that they treat him like a child he just likes no the work hard mm always you know always has done he ' s not really an academic but erm anyway he ' s goi he ' s going back is he going back?
104. i will yeah i don ' t know what i will do i don ' t know i kinda get the maybe i ' m being unfair i don ' t know but he ' s almost like the child that never grew up i wonder if maybe his mum has sort of fetched and carried and done for him i think so and yeah he doesn ' t really think about doing anything himself because he never has
106. ' s close to my body weight it ' s not exactly that but it ' s pretty close that ' s a little bit serious mate seventy kilos that ' s like that ' s like a child more than a child it ' s a smallish child but i need to be able to do more than that see that ' s just i cou i couldn ' t do it yeah it ' s
107. my body weight it ' s not exactly that but it ' s pretty close that ' s a little bit serious mate seventy kilos that ' s like that ' s like a child more than a child it ' s a smallish child but i need to be able to do more than that see that ' s just i cou i couldn ' t do it yeah it ' s alright i can '
108. exactly that but it ' s pretty close that ' s a little bit serious mate seventy kilos that ' s like that ' s like a child more than a child it ' s a smallish child but i need to be able to do more than that see that ' s just i cou i couldn ' t do it yeah it ' s alright i can ' t run it ' s boring as
109. oh my god i have a a big conference in in two weeks and turns out the fucking audio visual company that hired to come in and deck the place out is a stupid absolute audio visual where the child works yeah so and they ' re coming in to bass to do a and set up and set up and make sure things are good and then they ' ll come in and actually for the event itself that
114. you would have done probably five years worth of different chunks of placements and so on and you ' d go into a proper job as it were with a certain level of responsibility and you still have child benefit? yeah that ' s true really? that ' s true yes cos when we were in that ' s what happened they were paying through her university i got a hundred and sixty - four euros
115. did it online mm mm did he do a practice test beforehand and erm no i just thought when we used to do the bond books he knows all about that do you remember when he was a child we did all the bond books and er you know because he got into mm er school which is a boys ' grammar erm and then he just sits down and and has been out of the the educational
116. s just interesting that yeah ours does get noticeably quieter like into er sort of half term and summer holidays and stuff it ' s a very different type of office it is and probably a bigger variety of child ages yes and most of our office are men so my team excluded well my your yeah no but i mean obviously you have a massive majority of women and we have a massive mm majority of men i '
117. would make much difference though like i cos er of course it will because if you if you wanna go on holiday both of you would go yeah but there ' s holidays for mother from from a child - care perspective yeah exactly yeah from a childcare perspective the mother might do it i guess mm the moon ' s really weird tonight sorry? the moon ' s really weird it ' s one of those
118. there ' s lot of horror cliches and that ' s why they made uh they made scream you know to sort of as like a like a sort of self - referential just like a child running around yeah like postmodern tom likes all them things i ' m not really d ' you like scream? have you seen it? never really seen it is courtney cox in it? it '
119. bad i haven ' t done anyth i haven ' t straightened it or anything wi no gonna straighten it tonight? no i can ' t be bothered what time do you ' re a proper wild child you aren ' t you? i i get dressed up if i ' m going out if i ' m just going out out wherever out out yeah so are you gonna have to getting dressed out tonight and
122. about i hereby grant blah blah blah permission to collect store use and otherwise exploit my child ' s writing and or speech that ' s if you have a child if if you ' re using a child if you ' re using someone under eighteen in the recording that ' s why it says on the back erm er name of my minor parent ' s or guardian ' s name that ' s why that
123. did of erm her moth her mother died er about five years ago and she was a teacher and she was the most amazing woman and she used to make up all these stories for her as a child just these most fantastical stories and so her tribute or legacy to her mother really was to try and bring some of these stories mm by creating these scenes just took absolutely you know hundreds of man hours to
124. ' s expression so it ' s like a small situation an example with the same principals of the yeah um anyway he tried to describe it in terms of if was walking to work and he saw a child well first i should point out in his original working with the countries was like erm we shouldn ' t help other countries toward its citizens that ' s their problem and then the argument was erm was
125. working with the countries was like erm we shouldn ' t help other countries toward its citizens that ' s their problem and then the argument was erm was walking to work and he sees a small child drowning or something and should he save the child but he ' ll it will ruin his clothes forever i can ' t remember quite how it was described but he ' d never have nice clothes again sort of
126. shouldn ' t help other countries toward its citizens that ' s their problem and then the argument was erm was walking to work and he sees a small child drowning or something and should he save the child but he ' ll it will ruin his clothes forever i can ' t remember quite how it was described but he ' d never have nice clothes again sort of thing or pretending he didn ' t see it
127. ' d never have nice clothes again sort of thing or pretending he didn ' t see it and walk on and in in the sense of being stubborn he erm said that he ' d leave the child and walk because he wanted to stick to his original argument oh but but was he studying economics? it was economics and history i think economists there are loads of economists who take that view no but he '
128. obviously his interviewer was quite socialist or whatever and didn ' t like him at all especially that comment and the fact that he was being so stubborn about it that he ' d say he let a child drown but um his when the results came back it said so he was like interview that he didn ' t get in for that was the reason he didn ' t get in so he then applied to with
129. have really good and you might end up where ' s he gonna go? oh he ' ll love it at yeah i ' m surprised that they gave him a place if you ' d let a child drown they really are supposed to be um yeah pretty much erm left wing are they left wing? well they used to be i don ' t know if they are these days that ' s interesting well
134. what d and then there was this whole conversation going on for ages he ' s not going to remember it like oh well we ' ll try and limit it you know to to a thousand pounds per child or something for and you think jeez you know and then all the stuff they get during the year as well mm all er because they just say they want it mm mm there ' s no earning it
136. out in probably cos their parents wouldn ' t let them stick their hands in and if you ' re in a family of with children yeah like it ' s alright when you ' re the only child and no one else is going to grab it so what do you want? erm coco pops yeah cos usually i get like multi cereals cos i get bored of eating one but you might
137. are you complaining about? do you know what we ' re having for dinner? mm? no i hope it ' s something that i like no i didn ' t ask look he just made that child cry again this is the third time now yeah do you know all day they just scream at it and it yeah i thought they have a dog or something they speak they speaking to the child like that it
138. made that child cry again this is the third time now yeah do you know all day they just scream at it and it yeah i thought they have a dog or something they speak they speaking to the child like that it ' s only a baby practically isn ' t it? a little toddler it is it ' s a little toddler i think cos he talks now it ' s not there it
139. t imagine anything worse it ' s all a bloody mystery to me knows the only tattoo artist that i know pardon? knows the only tattoo artist that i know who? he ' s on with like child protection issues with the oh children what ' s the wine like? it ' s okay and it ' s warming up a bit it ' s not but not vinegar it ' s not vinegar there you go
141. they were just disgraceful those people uh just really ah they were really bad uh no they were just like well it was like the the moneyed types like oh it was awful like spoiling the child what what was it there was like a there was like a nana and then like a mum a mum who was like really overdone wasn ' t there it was like three generations of spoilt money
142. could drum up a bit more trade wouldn ' t they i know well no don ' t be silly actu and my feet don ' t even touch the floor in this chair ah bit of a child i am a child mentally um oh yeah that ' s what the centre needs yeah bit of glamour bit of glamour that ' s what it needs if you ' re gonna have some sort of cabaret affair going
143. bit more trade wouldn ' t they i know well no don ' t be silly actu and my feet don ' t even touch the floor in this chair ah bit of a child i am a child mentally um oh yeah that ' s what the centre needs yeah bit of glamour bit of glamour that ' s what it needs if you ' re gonna have some sort of cabaret affair going on you when i
144. you round ' s? yes yeah i er i ' d seen him at erm the erm there was a gathering cos one of the members of staff from the home when i was a child has come back from america she ' s er erm was here on holiday she was erm english girl who met an american cos of base then she married him and they have a couple of kids
145. us then it pans away and then it comes back to us and then it pans away and that ' s it yeah and so i was surprised cos i knew that not being a favoured child and as well that i wasn ' t gonna star in any of the too many of of the photographs why weren ' t you favoured? were you i don ' t know we just weren ' t poorly
146. was found out about it did you get any problems from? no i thought i was there i was just saying to to and answered a strange thing about this was a woman who ' d been a child at the home herself but now was a fully blown blown adult she was about seventy and she was in a wheelchair she was er quite frail when she was in a wheelchair and there was some kind of centenary
147. children produce sentences that they ' ve never heard? mm it ' s not possible that they just hear the sentence and thus then regurgitate it rregurgitate and how is it that a child will hear a mistake yet know that it ' s a mistake? mm you ' d think that they ' d replicate the mistakes these kind of things so since this the fifties sixties it ' s exploded and
148. s just gone on and they ' ve been trying to make and they ' ve worked out that the ' re are pro there are what ' s called universal grammar theories there are parameters that basically the child sets so for example null subject in english we have to have the subject we have to say i play mm but in spanish they have a null subject language mm because the inflection hablo i
152. you wanna make sure he ' s old enough to be responsible enough to make that decision by himself so that they can ' t criticise mm anyone else for it yoyou ' re talking about a child that ran away when he was four years old i know i know he is i ' m not saying he isn ' t i ' m saying that from an outside perspective well i know they don ' t
155. let you know oh then this thing goes on after goes through all the instances and stuff and it comes to the discipline that works a good thumping er? a good thumping spare the rod and spoil the child oh terrible innit? mm we never did hit ours did we? didn ' t have to did we? i only ever hit once yeah when she was a teenager mm but she was oh bit naughty
156. was oh bit naughty was she? yeah it ' s probably more teenage time isn ' t it? you think about it than than yeah well when they ' re young it ' s pointless hitting a child yeah mm explain everything that ' s all you can do when they did when they did something wrong we used to say well that ' s silly wasn ' t it? we don ' t really do that
168. kind of stuff and they control them for me i that ' s not the kind of environment i ' d want my child to be in apart from i ' d much rather you know we teach the child i mean and i have said if we could just work part time both of us and we alternate and we make sure that because we have thought that and if you know i ' m at home with the
171. it ' s my turn to have children yeah yeah and i want dad to be a granddad i want my dad to v she ' s gone and got pregnant and that ' s o through a child ' s eyes yeah yeah totally and we understood that and we have the conversation of should we get rid of we had that conversation well it ' s not too late that ' s a cracker oh god
174. ##m these old factory areas into shopping centres and it looks pretty good in terms of urban regeneration yeah so i mean other pluses and nega minuses you ' ve got you ' ve had the child sex abuse cases that have come out yeah i mean jimmy saville rolf harris it ' s go it ' s good that those have been pursued i suppose but then it ' s all seems like that '
175. look you know look what we ' re doing the tories to this or the tory coalition government to pursue these guys mm when actually the tories have been grossly negligent with with with child sex abuse use with er their own government the institutional abuse that happened in that hostel i can ' t remember the name with high level mps involved a lot of whom are dead but under margret thatcher
176. they they get additional charges yeah erm they should someone needs to pay for what happened and what do you think about this rule erm now in prisons? that before if you were a erm child sex offender a convicted offender your details were not released to other prisoners like what you were in for was kept confidential mm mm for the simple reason that you ' d get your your head kicked in i mean
177. this and the other thing cos you know my dad works in erm a prison yeah that you know you sometimes question whether a lot of people should be in prison i don ' t mean the child sex offenders or any kind of sex offender they they do need to be there but other people for example burglars where there ' s no er there was no violence involved do they really need to be
181. trade here with it being near the road don ' t they? you ' ve got a lovely view of the a1 i know people would pay to see that well we have you could sit with a child he was overweight and she wasn ' t that car that ' s just gone past oh were they? they erm they er the cars provide a nice little game if you were the toddler what
182. gotta use the index yeah so that ' s a bit of english oh i see and the budget for maths mm so it should take them a long time i need to go and get some er child - friendly scissors are they cutting thing out the argus catalogue then? have a look there yeah gonna stick them into their er gonna stick them on a piece of paper good idea well i was losing them a
184. she would do the same yeah yeah mm it ' s you know and that was really really interesting very interesting programme i was stuck to it all night mm you were i little bits when i was a child my er my father would never ever let us have any guns well we wouldn ' t let ours have any no we didn ' t let ours no never had nor us so what happened is that you started
185. the society i was brought up in i blame it all for for everything bad that i ' ve learnt i blame it for for giving a man the power sadist to beat a fucking six year old child you know if you that ' s what jimmy saville got put away for well perhaps not beating but you know and they that was and there were people wanting to bring that back corporal punishment and what corporal
188. five years to ensnare her you know when i met her she kept talking about this person called and like she like ' s mum was staying there or something and i kept thinking that was a child and she lived with her flatmate who had a kid called the way she was talking about him about him about him it ' s true though the way she sees it is like what thinks he likes but
189. hannah yeah but no i got that ' s such a hermes hercules i like i like those ones i like the greek names the greek names yeah but come on that ' s a bit awkward for a child called hercules oh no i have erm not a cousin but someone in the family named i don ' t want to have any names that ' s in our family because on the same side i have two
190. ' s one not far from the green baize really? mm good lord i mean the green baize is ' s railway i mean i ' ve built that railway for him when he was a child yeah and he ' s thirty - four years old now and he won ' t get rid of it right never used disconnected from everything right on its end right but that the that ' s a an old
192. don ' t know spelt cajon er no i don ' t think so c a j o n long time ago in bethlehem i ' ll stick the kettle on the holy bible says mary boy child jesus christ here we go he was born in christmas day hark now here i ' ll wash up i bet well don ' t do it yet this is my cajon oh let ' s have a
193. know about it so probs not probs not but and then she had her she was like making cookies for fun in the back but she really was like very focused and it looked like she had child labour rolling pastry that ' s awesome did i tell you about her boyfriend? what? they don ' t come to the market anymore really how old are they? is erm fucking sixteen oh right yeah
194. you don ' t not with you but like he thought i was going to bash his ears together i swear with my friends all the time it ' s not like obviously obviously swearing when i was a child was erm really really bad because people who did it erm obviously some people did it but today everyone just seems to do it you know? but i mean today everyone everyone and the everyone and their
195. all the paperwork ' s going through and all the other bits and pieces yeah and i ' ve looked you know and i ' m thinking i don ' t know how you ' re gonna be a child minder when you got a livery yard as well yeah yeah where people leave their horses etcet i know a lot of it is there ' s a lot of work to it isn ' t there?
196. ve put like tarmac down mm haven ' t they? thought that was a french flag for a minute just go back it ' s one way going back oh woman this is tense stuff watch the child the child surly looking child sorry? surly looking what does that mean? frowning at me well we don ' t know like a maze how do we get out? it is it ' s all
197. like tarmac down mm haven ' t they? thought that was a french flag for a minute just go back it ' s one way going back oh woman this is tense stuff watch the child the child surly looking child sorry? surly looking what does that mean? frowning at me well we don ' t know like a maze how do we get out? it is it ' s all one way
198. mm haven ' t they? thought that was a french flag for a minute just go back it ' s one way going back oh woman this is tense stuff watch the child the child surly looking child sorry? surly looking what does that mean? frowning at me well we don ' t know like a maze how do we get out? it is it ' s all one way oh look left that
199. illnesses as we get older and she said well nan never used to eat that many vegetables and that and i said yeah but nan never what she did eat would ' ve locally produced when she was a child yeah and she didn ' t eat that much but everything she ate was very basic and fine i think the only processed meat it ' s not the same when we was young was a tin of spam
202. dear fine then brainiac i was like well i ' m not free wednesday or thursday cos that ' s the date with the other guy yep good erm who by the way looks like a child have i showed you the picture? ah no where ' s the current picture yeah i ' ve got it on laurie i ' ll show you erm yeah so and i ' m not free on saturday
203. looks so young so so young like wet behind the ears young ah but it ' s gone too far now so i ' m gonna have to meet him for a drink even though he ' s a child he can ' t walk he is actually a child he looks tiny how old is he actually? twenty - three he ' s oh he right yeah he is younger than oh well i know you ' re
204. ears young ah but it ' s gone too far now so i ' m gonna have to meet him for a drink even though he ' s a child he can ' t walk he is actually a child he looks tiny how old is he actually? twenty - three he ' s oh he right yeah he is younger than oh well i know you ' re twenty - two aren ' t you but er yeah
208. me she ' s had sex with a grown man with oh yeah she is a she is doesn ' t she like date like an old? she ' s a small yeah she ' s a small child was he on top of her not thinking i ' m a paedophile small child though er man yyou ' re talking about her physical wait wait wait wait how old is he? yeah she looks
209. is doesn ' t she like date like an old? she ' s a small yeah she ' s a small child was he on top of her not thinking i ' m a paedophile small child though er man yyou ' re talking about her physical wait wait wait wait how old is he? yeah she looks like a small ch how old is he? that ' s cruel on someone small though
210. she ' s a very flat chested girl you ' re you ' re calling her a very yeah slim flat chested she looks young that doesn ' t make me think that someone ' s a child there are people that adult relationships with someone who ' s a child yeah but she no no but she looks no no no no she looks like her age young okay no she no you you think she looks
211. ' re calling her a very yeah slim flat chested she looks young that doesn ' t make me think that someone ' s a child there are people that adult relationships with someone who ' s a child yeah but she no no but she looks no no no no she looks like her age young okay no she no you you think she looks like fourteen or fifteen like some people no no no no i don
212. money for cha give charity oh yeah ah but she bought it out of her own birthday money so that ' s ah that ' s what she not a bad thing to spend your money on for a child i mean you ' re only gonna spend it on toys anyway aren ' t you? well like i said it ' s i don ' t she they ' re computer games otherwise she doesn ' t really
213. there and is like this he ' s italian yeah he ' s not used to it changed it all standing there smiling ' s i know he ' s not used to it at all from italy poor child yeah oh bless him yeah i wouldn ' t i ' m just getting old now the the motel we stayed at before we the hotel just before we flew cos in chon airport in seoul is right
214. ' t know yeah i only know about that other one where he wrote the music of it you know? but that ' s jackie coogan isn ' t it? oh yeah when he was a child star yeah and he he was the pilot of the glider that took them in what they did when they were going into the jungle they they they cleared two two areas for them to p take the lo the
215. give him them again yeah mm okay it ' s an anti - stress box then yeah what you want is one of those squeezy balls that that we got some we had yeah with the child - minding yes i don ' t know why they gave us that they were good yeah but it doesn ' t really well that ' s to stop you strangling someone it ' s a weird
216. to them rabbiting on about a load of rubbish and they ' re getting paid all that money and what they ' ve been trtrying to do all the time is get rid of the small child minders and just kept nur big nurseries everywhere big nurseries yeah that ' s all they want yeah that ' s not so good for the children no i think d i mean ' s lucky she
218. the puppet ' s got no arms and that ' s my favourite such a weird little thing mm no i forgot to ask him that mm mm oh these adverts are bad is that sticking your child in a car seat? shocking that isn ' t it? mm but it ' s shocking that parents think that that ' s okay i mean even if you didn ' t realise what percentage it was that
219. her to tell me or or at least feel she ' s able to tell me but at the same time i can appreciate why she might not want to you know ultimately you have to keep that parent child bond and keep that distance because you know she ' s got friends she can talk to about stuff just as i have and there are certain things i wouldn ' t talk to her about probably so erm
223. it click on it what are you doing now? it ' s gone all he did was press the button i don ' t like these slide touchy things why did you press the button there? child of the industrial revolution i like it something you have to activate it you have to pull a wrench up if you want to go up right finger am am learning that you don ' t touch the screen
224. see many lifeguards round there round the pool i suppose they don ' t really think you could drown it ' s not very mm it ' s not really that deep no do you know a child could drown in like six inches of water? i could i could i did i know a child can drown in no like an inch of juice yeah yeah you could if you if you got a little i
225. could drown it ' s not very mm it ' s not really that deep no do you know a child could drown in like six inches of water? i could i could i did i know a child can drown in no like an inch of juice yeah yeah you could if you if you got a little i don ' t don ' t really want to know not a very nice thought in my head obviously
226. erm the erm say oh well at infant stage as long as it ' s a kindly school and it ' s not too yeah bad erm you can go to it because erm the child will pick up stuff mm erm the er but when they ' re actually learning to read in irish that ' s a bit more difficult yeah because erm later on they ' ll get english lessons but
227. they have separate lunch areas the irish - speaking side okay and the english right areas right right yeah yeah so it won ' t be if he if he was if he was just a sort of general child then mm the i ' d definitely want to ssend him to the irish - speaking school i actually i wouldn ' t really be happy with him going to the the english - speaking schools right right right
228. ##social? you actually want to spend the next yeah five to eighteen okay however many years is that thirteen years mm being a teacher? yeah to one and it ' s not so good for the child because it means that you ' re not with your peer group yeah erm and erm yeah it ' s a shame though shame this school ' s not round the corner and it ' s not mm
232. i thought that ' s the perfect solution i ' ve always want er i ' ve always er want er renting you know yeah yeah that ' s true so you know doesn ' t matter which child it is yeah erm er but i wouldn ' t want to live permanently with yeah people like that you know yeah er but then i would try and get away erm in somebody else ' s house
233. it ' s but it ' s i mean and again because you had and mm er first of all i just it er so many mums i ' d just scrub the first two years of a child ' s life yeah for them thinking properly right? yeah erm that er cos you don ' t have a brain yeah erm your brain ' s not in in in right working order yeah i
236. ? mm yeah i think erm i think because of the type of parents that we ' ve been all of us have been much more protective of our kids than certainly i experienced as a as a child you can co you come in and rescue them don ' t you? and sort of sort things out and i think erm i think as a result they you know i i ' ve been guilt it
237. so well they had erm they had massive furn so there was like you can if you ' re and they had like massive furniture so you could clclimb on it like a little child and random bits and they had like different rooms about say the history about where the leprechauns and how you know and how they ' re how did the leprechaun happen? he
238. to me quite a lot of adults go uhu like proper adults like obviously we ' re adults but you know like proper adults go uhu my parents go quite often mm no i feel like a child living at home i still li act like a child that ' s the thing like eighteen and i feel like i ' m like eighteen to twenty yeah that ' s how i think li people just like you
239. like proper adults like obviously we ' re adults but you know like proper adults go uhu my parents go quite often mm no i feel like a child living at home i still li act like a child that ' s the thing like eighteen and i feel like i ' m like eighteen to twenty yeah that ' s how i think li people just like you know you ' re an adult now i ' m
240. ve yeah stuffed my face and my mess you can see my messy i just can ' t eat and i ' ve dropped food all over me thank you very much i ' m literally like a big child like i just can ' t a big child i ' m a big child like i can ' t you have made a me like what what is going on there? i don ' t know i think
241. can see my messy i just can ' t eat and i ' ve dropped food all over me thank you very much i ' m literally like a big child like i just can ' t a big child i ' m a big child like i can ' t you have made a me like what what is going on there? i don ' t know i think the burger just fell apart in my hand and
242. can ' t eat and i ' ve dropped food all over me thank you very much i ' m literally like a big child like i just can ' t a big child i ' m a big child like i can ' t you have made a me like what what is going on there? i don ' t know i think the burger just fell apart in my hand and that ' s you know i
243. don ' t like russ russell howard he doesn ' t i don ' t find him hilarious years ago i thought he was funny but now he just just he just annoys me he looks like a child at times and he ' s he ' s kind of you know action i dunno just an act you know he ' s funny when he ' s with other comedians and he can bounce off them but
246. wasn ' t twelve thousand ' s hardly the minimum wage he didn ' t pay it then did he? and er she said yeah yeah but it was a long while ago she said and i got child tax credit i says no you didn ' t she said yeah cos cos was doing her doing her gcses then i said no she wasn ' t ' s thirty now that wage slip is
247. and a sierra i remember that yeah mm got stolen did he like the pictures of you when you were little yeah mm i told him about a gazillion time that i ' m the youngest child but he always goes oh you ' re the youngest i don ' t know what it is he can ' t quite register it somehow he ' s in the middle so he had a complicated family didn '
250. what it was funny ' s always not you know said that he wasn ' t there that much but like i i was talking to him and i was like so what was like when he was a child you know? and he sort of like gave a funny answer and passed it on you know and then wa said to me later you know my father couldn ' t answer that question cos he couldn '
252. mm he ' s got lovely friend but he ' s quite a sort of innocent naive boy mm he ' s a really sweet boy i think that can happen as well if you ' re an only child of older parents and you haven ' t got of older parents yeah i think will be just the same agreed it ' s like a very protected environment isn ' t it? and even though she in a
254. s on there oh yes it was on do do do do careful slippy so what? is that? slippy slippiness okay yeah so i still still remember my mum when i was a child driving in the car so highest gear possible use your gears to slow down gradually and not your brakes thanks mum steer into a skid steer into a skid yes mm good advice steer into a corner as
255. actually that films that i watched when i was younger i watch them again now and they disturb me far more mm as an adult who actually thinks about it in more depth than because when i was a child i just sort of glossed over b but when you ' re sort of like oh it ' s er oh it ' s austin powers who said you know it ' s just a um you know hen
256. henchman ' s family sort of thing yeah you start thinking actually you know in this scene you know ten people just got killed yeah and actually that ' s really disturbing and tragic um but as a child you just gloss over it oh people just died it ' s fine and you don ' t really understand what that means or think about it in that way mm but certainly for me if i ' d watched
257. mean i i th i think so for example at the age of how old would i have been? thirteen maybe i read a book about the death of god and that ' s inappropriate material for a child of that age they can ' t think about theology in that kind of way i dunno but that image struck with me and it i thought about it and it i grew up and thought about it and
258. ' re saying is completely true mm but isn ' t quite as disturbing as that concept it was a very very warped okay very strange okay well i mean think about the film matilda which is essentially about child abuse again so it ' s a far less disturbing concept okay but did you enjoy it? yes i enjoyed it tr tremendously i thought it was fucking good good just marred i ' d have said you
259. do something no do i do? no i think it must be next year oh that ' ll be interesting yeah i might do a bit of it this year mm but mostly next year it ' s child development and region i think child development? er chi like yeah child language development oh right okay yeah yeah yeah yeah aw if you need any tips on any of that i can always ask some of the if
260. ? no i think it must be next year oh that ' ll be interesting yeah i might do a bit of it this year mm but mostly next year it ' s child development and region i think child development? er chi like yeah child language development oh right okay yeah yeah yeah yeah aw if you need any tips on any of that i can always ask some of the if you ' re after a specific
261. next year oh that ' ll be interesting yeah i might do a bit of it this year mm but mostly next year it ' s child development and region i think child development? er chi like yeah child language development oh right okay yeah yeah yeah yeah aw if you need any tips on any of that i can always ask some of the if you ' re after a specific sort of text you know? research
262. say yeah yeah by what she ' s told us of it mm but now we just need to get the puppet made you ' ve got a puppet on yours? like a puppet really? a puppet child puppet who ' s who ' s doing the puppet? er i think one of the techies oh okay and and she was talking to him today cos he was going into his little room and she
263. old woman she was sort of my kind of age why was it so important to her that by that time and in in the world things had moved on from it being you being a devil ' s child because you were left handed yeah it was a strange thing to focus on but i do find mm people that write left handed are very oh yeah they look very cack yeah they look ridiculous they look very
264. earth cos you remember they ' d come home and sob their hearts out so and so ' s been really horrible to me and you listen to the story think that ' s absolutely dreadful what this child ' s done how awful they must have been brought up really bad you know all these stupid things that go through your head and the next day and you just dread them going into school and they ' re
265. ' re looking up sos morse code on google before you send it well i might remember it now i ' ve looked it up probably the last time i looked it up was when i was a child or i found what it was yeah you ' ll probably never need to use it have to go and see what ' s oh that ' ll be two of them anyway i ' m surprised she answered so
266. hassle with it mm oh but er little johnny doesn ' t need a badge well he looks over five to me can he please go and get one you see? cos over five is a child there ' s child badges as well mm right sounds a bit complicated it isn ' t it isn ' t really there ' s just young adult adult couple family and a vice president which pays a hundred and
267. mm oh but er little johnny doesn ' t need a badge well he looks over five to me can he please go and get one you see? cos over five is a child there ' s child badges as well mm right sounds a bit complicated it isn ' t it isn ' t really there ' s just young adult adult couple family and a vice president which pays a hundred and five pounds mm just
268. ' s just young adult adult couple family and a vice president which pays a hundred and five pounds mm just cos they wanna seem posh erm and so that that ' s it but a child starts at five yeah but you know they say oh but he doesn ' t need one he ' s a child yeah well he look he looks over five to me you can get you know it ' s
269. ##s they wanna seem posh erm and so that that ' s it but a child starts at five yeah but you know they say oh but he doesn ' t need one he ' s a child yeah well he look he looks over five to me you can get you know it ' s quite obvious when when someone ' s one ' s over five yeah erm yeah but i mean all all the
270. of days yeah we went to castle mm mm don ' t know if you ' ve ever been there anyway we went and and and shshe just looked at us and gave us all all er child badges mm right so and i had to say i did say mm mm cos i it didn ' t seem right mm that she she would quite happy to think we were all girls together yeah mm which
272. who ' s from lithuania mm okay and she ' s quite young erm well i say she ' s quite young think she ' s twenty - one twenty - two so she ' s mm huh child she ' s a child compared to us yeah but her english is good mm like i knew we knew her before cos she ' s at work as well but i always thought she had quite good english
273. mm okay and she ' s quite young erm well i say she ' s quite young think she ' s twenty - one twenty - two so she ' s mm huh child she ' s a child compared to us yeah but her english is good mm like i knew we knew her before cos she ' s at work as well but i always thought she had quite good english compared to other people but
275. it gets in to wherever it ' s going and just yeah yeah really hard she erm gives up her weekends mm every other weekend although it can swap around a little bit so if there is a child in foster care mm and normally for the ones that she lo looks after it ' ll be a child that ' s had erm a lot of upset in their life mm and they might be erm
276. her weekends mm every other weekend although it can swap around a little bit so if there is a child in foster care mm and normally for the ones that she lo looks after it ' ll be a child that ' s had erm a lot of upset in their life mm and they might be erm they might be troubled there might be behavioural issues mm so they ' re with foster parents mm maybe
278. will be younger than me i remember walking home one time oh my god this is so embarrassing i had erm like a scone or something? and there was a lady behind me with like a child and i was like i wonder if they actually do cooking lessons at like small schools because did she what you said that? yeah i actually to who? to oh and i was like because like it '
279. actually to who? to oh and i was like because like it ' s so cool like being able to do cooking like it ' s so cool these scones are so nice and there was a child behind me who just wasn ' t bothered at all and i was trying to like show off like oh my god i just love doing cooking it ' s just so fun i just thought i was so what
280. s women for you that ' s right yes one of the things arguments that ' s going on in the background at the moment we may hear more about it today in the budget is erm this child allowance when you were born and when was born we were your mother used to be able to go to the post office and draw a child allowance every week and she had a a book with coupons in
281. hear more about it today in the budget is erm this child allowance when you were born and when was born we were your mother used to be able to go to the post office and draw a child allowance every week and she had a a book with coupons in and mm yeah erm they ' re now trying to restrict child allowance to families earning less than the twenty percent tax rate entitles you
282. used to be able to go to the post office and draw a child allowance every week and she had a a book with coupons in and mm yeah erm they ' re now trying to restrict child allowance to families earning less than the twenty percent tax rate entitles you to well i agree so saying that anybody who was paying tax at forty percent should not have so anyone earning anyone earning over forty -
283. anyone earning over forty - two grand say yeah but that then discriminates if you have a husband and wife both working both earning say thirty thousand so together their income is sixty thousand they would get child allowance but a husband and wife or a couple living together where the husband is earning forty - two thousand say and the wife is not earning anything they would loose the child allowance so i can understand the arguments
284. is sixty thousand they would get child allowance but a husband and wife or a couple living together where the husband is earning forty - two thousand say and the wife is not earning anything they would loose the child allowance so i can understand the arguments that it ' s unfair uh - huh well i mean we despite being you know the era of single parent families and stuff it ' s still assumed that the kids going
285. the option of couples could opt to be taxed the wife taxed with the husband so that their income was considered jointly and what they ought to do is say erm for parents who are receiving child benefit they should be a have the option of saying we wish to be taxed as a couple rather than as two individuals hmm most of the time it was an advantage for people to be taxed as
286. to be taxed as a couple rather than as two individuals hmm most of the time it was an advantage for people to be taxed as individuals but if they ' re deciding to tax or limit child allowance to those paying the lower rate of tax then the couples ought to be able to use their individual free pay hmm you know tax free allowance because if a woman stops work or if either partner stops work
289. nan does does the knitting and stuff good old spicy nan don ' t you find you know names of like old people spicy nan or a plain nan? yeah like can you imagine what them as a child? naming a baby that? like i wouldn ' t name a child margaret yeah like my my nan is called or no but imagine when when you ' re old you ' re gonna be like grandma?
292. re a teenager though cos eighteen yeah but no one thinks an eighteen year old is a teenager my mum seems to and and by the way that ' s offensive language it ' s nothing like a child though i i find that derogatory you ' re supposed to call me young adult don ' t does no one remember the ethics training at college? no what? oh god that stupid thing with like
293. doing exactly that ' s the worst that ' s the point that that ' s why it ' s so horrible like these six year they ' re being grown up to and he asked he asked this child what do you know what this sign means? like why are you holding this? and he just looked straight to his mum and was like erm so you ' re making this child hold this sign and
294. he asked this child what do you know what this sign means? like why are you holding this? and he just looked straight to his mum and was like erm so you ' re making this child hold this sign and they have no idea what they ' re preaching they ' re preaching hate it ' s it really interesting cos there ' s two episodes but it was disgusting why why why can '
299. ' ve used cos what what they expect you to do what what they expect you to do is if you read erm about it ' s like we have this book erm which talks about child development erm and there ' s research they reference research in their book but you need to try and find the original research to reference so your so the textbooks you have are more about your they ' re
300. ##m play climbing frames in schools and stuff like and that just let five - year - olds run around uuunsupervised on their own no way i don ' t think if a child gets hurt in school typically it ' s not still not typical for the parents to blame the school they ' re just like well children hurt themselves it just happens mm so like some things they ' re more
303. things she could do stuff at home with him it ' s just bone idleness isn ' t it though? this is another thing people leave their entire care of their child and the education of the child down to the education system to the school and then they blame the school when they don ' t do very well or something yeah it ' s not you know you ' re the parent you ' re s
304. encouraging yeah but not all of the teachers did that yeah and erm to go to the she ' s obviously going to the extents exposing them to higher things and why not? once if a child ' s bright give it teach it they ' re pretty unlimited at what they can teach her well it ' s like erm she they started doing their victorian project in no they did native americans when they
305. left i can pick bits bits oh good grief but yeah she ' s had some really i ' m just letting you know that i just think she finds it hard cos she ' s an only child i think she finds it hard sharing her toys yeah but i also think she does struggle when she comes here i don ' t think she knows what to do with herself and i guess she ' s so
306. but nevertheless a roof mm? and she said if you don ' t be quiet i ' m going to jump out of the window class we just had enough of her i mean she was like a child attention seeking child you know? oh oh dear yes yes yes so we said go on then so she off she went out on the roof and we locked her out and we left her there oh dear so
307. roof mm? and she said if you don ' t be quiet i ' m going to jump out of the window class we just had enough of her i mean she was like a child attention seeking child you know? oh oh dear yes yes yes so we said go on then so she off she went out on the roof and we locked her out and we left her there oh dear so then she was
309. everything okay i ' ll have a look that thing ' s on is it any good? i mean have you seen it? well i watched some of it and it was just annoying cos that child just kept bloody screeching maybe you ' re going into the wrong job no cos it just screeched all the time for no reason for no rea it ' s in a horror film
310. of what she thinks the words are yeah she might have heard a word yeah and she will s almost like a child repeat it how the wathe way she ' s heard it but it ' s not necessarily the right word yeah mm gives us another reason to laugh at her so is it is it maltese? is that
311. foot feet feet that ' s true the curiosity of moose and meese is just one of the several strange plurals dating from old english other words with similarly confusing plurals incluinclude child and children what about mo ma mouths? mouse and mice? true they ' re completely different that didn ' t come next oh okay shall we google that though? why is the plural of mouse mouse mice
315. like that yeah and it ' s just wrong because for the whole community yeah it ' s wrong yeah that ' s the argument yeah exactly for the whole community it ' s wrong not just for your child your neglecting your child and neglecting the community yeah you ' re putting everybody else in danger yeah stuff like that and that ' s the spin they gave it and yeah that ' s the spin of
317. not gonna like are they that do you reckon they ' re that calculating? he complained when he had to play with at squad i don ' t think any other parent would complain just cos their child ' s playing with mm no you ' re right they wouldn ' t i mean you ' re not bothered if hits with in the squad? no no of course not no it ' s fun exactly it
318. was like yeah sorry about that and i was like okay i was like you you made it out like you were being ignored or left out of everything when you weren ' t yeah you behaved like a child like you were in school yeah and i just didn ' t wanna deal with it and she went yeah i know i ' m really sorry like i get really jealous you get what? i just not i
319. it grows yeah? and the the flowers mm yes and no he ' s he ' s fantastic he ' s he ' s er well in in everything he ' s a mine of information as a child mm we used to sit sometimes with a dictionary this was our entertainment yeah yeah sit with a dictionary and go right yeah dad what does this word mean? mm and he knew every single word yeah there was
320. them it er for me like i say it ' s nostalgia yeah you used to do it as children and it ' s one thing that mm it just takes you back for that instant of being a child again yeah mm i think something else that i do at the moment and i can only put it back to childhood cos otherwise it makes me a big daft my coat that i wear to walk at
322. and i ' d pick a leaf and that would be what i was buying and i ' d pay with another leaf that i ' d picked off another yeah yeah hedge i was a happy little weird child mm quite happy on my own but my dad says cos four girls and we used to have our girl friends round mm and our primary school the uniform was blue well it was grey skirts and and yeah
326. the rents were so high and so it ' s kind of swings and roundabouts you have to decide what what you do how long you could hang on in with a single bedroom place with a a child you ' d have to then look for a a large a very large one which would how much would that cost well they ' re you know how how i ' ve no no idea they you know i
328. ' t there? mm what has it got there? proof of address the different things they accept mm that can you see it? oh it ' s come the photophotocopy of your child benefit statement or child tax credit showing the name of the child oh i haven ' t got that so can ' t do any of that at the moment haven ' t got a medical card i haven '
329. mm what has it got there? proof of address the different things they accept mm that can you see it? oh it ' s come the photophotocopy of your child benefit statement or child tax credit showing the name of the child oh i haven ' t got that so can ' t do any of that at the moment haven ' t got a medical card i haven ' t got a ten
330. of address the different things they accept mm that can you see it? oh it ' s come the photophotocopy of your child benefit statement or child tax credit showing the name of the child oh i haven ' t got that so can ' t do any of that at the moment haven ' t got a medical card i haven ' t got a tenancy agreement that that ' s what i
334. joking yeah cos that that gets drummed bedtime reading that gets drummed intinto them like some sort of thought you know she ' s gonna sort of be reading some nice you know child story or chang ' e i i well the thing i always say is well everyone has five thousand years of history it ' s just mm mm what they mean is continuous history and and or political but then
335. the money they have to pay for it well this is the other thing this is the rip off yeah well this is this is what we ' ve dealt with cos your precious pet is like a child or something yeah well it is yeah but you see this is what we were talking before about all these people you know you know you can s spot a trick to make some money everyone ' s in there
338. car and just drive somewhere what with the hot chocolate? yep yep hot chocolate especially yeah oh i ' ve never done any of these fun camping trips in the car stuff i never went camping as a child no i just like it now i ' ve only camped once at a festival and i hated it cos it was festival camping yeah last time i went camping was up in we camped for my aunt '
339. brownie sweets and the alcohol? i mean alcohol ' s not good for my teeth no you c no definitely but erm apparently the strength of your adult teeth is determined by your diet as a child well that makes sense because your teeth grow while you ' re a child so well yeah that makes sense doesn ' t it? how if you were nutrient deficient when you were a child then you '
340. for my teeth no you c no definitely but erm apparently the strength of your adult teeth is determined by your diet as a child well that makes sense because your teeth grow while you ' re a child so well yeah that makes sense doesn ' t it? how if you were nutrient deficient when you were a child then you ' ll have weak teeth when you ' re older it bothers me because
341. as a child well that makes sense because your teeth grow while you ' re a child so well yeah that makes sense doesn ' t it? how if you were nutrient deficient when you were a child then you ' ll have weak teeth when you ' re older it bothers me because i can eat exactly the same things as for literally the last eight or nine years mm and then i come home and
342. people just wanna love those children and be there for those children mm and things like this are being er are being are questioned and er and almost you know argued over does it really matter? let the child call them yeah grandma grandad nan nanny definitely you know let them just do what they wanna do or or at the same er the t and i meai mean this to the parents does it really matter
348. t know what even if it makes everything a struggle i mean financially it guess i guess it depends i can ' t even keep a plant alive i don ' t know how i ' d keep a child alive i guess it depends on what you find a struggle and what each person finds a struggle i have a one of the biggest problems for me is this idea that at the age of four i have to
361. that to my child so i need to find a country where i ' m can be settled yeah i need to have got qualified enough and get a good enough job it ' s not fair on the child either they ' re very er yeah so usually er they ' re very emotionally unstable children i think yeah that travel around all over the place and yes there are huge benefits absolutely huge but you find a lot
362. so yeah i mean well you er you wouldn ' t even know whether you ' re coming or going that ' s horrible no so and i know that we wouldn ' t wanna do that to a child right we wanna be settled so right now when i start thinking about the timescale need to do a master ' s need to do a phd need to get a good enough job so it ' s
386. go to i ' ve looked we ' ve looked into private schools they take no more than fifteen to sixteen per class yeah you know and there and there ' s like three or four teachers so every child is getting really like a lot of focus in ' s class there ' s thirty ah they are so expensive course it is what is it? we l erm to put into pri well to er to
389. it doesn ' t matter how much you in he ' s easily distrahe ' s easily distracted so he ' ll c doesn ' t matter how much you input it really is up to the child isn ' t it? the type of personality they are well this is it because everything i did with and because he was first child i was completely anal yeah so it was like you know every night it
396. not break tradition right no we ' re gonna ban the fucking together and they ' re all gonna call you a spoilt brat no no no no no whenever we used to play cluedo as a child i was never allowed to be miss scarlet you were always miss white okay no i was that fucking old blue one fucking miss mrs peacock that ' s all i was supposed to be cos you would never
397. he writes and erm michelle keegan mm? michelle keegan fit erm the no no wait her boyfriend mark yeah first first name first name mark mark and you know when he had like a child and he ' s going choo choo train yeah so but change one of the really famous writer really famous writer mark train? change change one of the letters jonathan ross is going to twain yes mark
399. the eh i can spin this well we did have a 10k here the other day to be fair mm erm erm and there may be a slight delay while i switch internet is that a child? you ' ve got a child in the cupboard? have you got a child locked in your house? i think i can hear i can hear a child short answer can you let me out? sorry
400. we did have a 10k here the other day to be fair mm erm erm and there may be a slight delay while i switch internet is that a child? you ' ve got a child in the cupboard? have you got a child locked in your house? i think i can hear i can hear a child short answer can you let me out? sorry brother those people listening to this recording
401. day to be fair mm erm erm and there may be a slight delay while i switch internet is that a child? you ' ve got a child in the cupboard? have you got a child locked in your house? i think i can hear i can hear a child short answer can you let me out? sorry brother those people listening to this recording i ' m hungry are hearing a small child
402. delay while i switch internet is that a child? you ' ve got a child in the cupboard? have you got a child locked in your house? i think i can hear i can hear a child short answer can you let me out? sorry brother those people listening to this recording i ' m hungry are hearing a small child crying in ' s house? oh for fuck ' s sake it ' s
403. locked in your house? i think i can hear i can hear a child short answer can you let me out? sorry brother those people listening to this recording i ' m hungry are hearing a small child crying in ' s house? oh for fuck ' s sake it ' s like haunted in this place ghost of stop it i ' m erm considering i ' d not had a very big lunch i
404. on better after that i think once they just got along got over that that level you know? yeah once that came out into the open it was just gonna go uphill though yeah ow is the child biting back? ow that ' s the dungeon door is he just not wearing the top he was yeah he ' s slowly getting undressed he as we ' re talking to him took his socks off before
405. it but it was just the way that she said it yeah and eh she said it that ' s a kind of a burtonian thing as well cos i mean yeah i i probably as a child i felt nostalgic for burton - on - trent yeah and the person that i imagine feeling nostalgic for yeah would be my best friend ' s mum yeah cos she said oh me li
406. no it ' s actually could be a mole i mean who doesn ' t know? but it could but i mean does it matter? doesn ' t d actually doesn ' t matter because if a child think that ' s a penguin d doesn ' t matter the chi it ' ll be a penguin yeah if he thinks it ' s a mole it ' ll be a mole yeah or if he thinks it
407. time mm she ' s she ' s had to maybe like m possibly for most of her life i think cos obviously there ' s a few times mm erm where like a woman becomes a child and so she ' s basically having to grow up isn ' t she? yes yes she ' s having to er move away from the er people spoon feeding in her life and it it will be a
408. when their kids were in university right right and he wasn ' t actually any more that kind of thing i knew that had gone on but i didn ' t realise that she d she sounds like a child as well she erm they went away for erm his birthday apparently he ' s he ' d cos he ' s mm still on friendly terms yeah erm and invited her along with him and
409. ' t cope and he went back to the bank so that was really lucky for me because i ' d got a father substitute so there again he he selected me i was a very fanciful imaginative child so i got a a surrogate dad but hadn ' t was younger and a different child and she was tremendously devoted to mother and mother made it a lot of ffun for us she wasn '
410. i ' d got a father substitute so there again he he selected me i was a very fanciful imaginative child so i got a a surrogate dad but hadn ' t was younger and a different child and she was tremendously devoted to mother and mother made it a lot of ffun for us she wasn ' t actually feeling a great sense of of fun erm but she knew how to make life
411. oh yes mm little boats and who was here until nineteen forty - four right and er my father who was a very very sane sensible nice man erm she had married really because she was a wild child and all her family thought it would be that he was a very good man and yes he would calm her down and quieten her oh yes mm mm so she did it to keep everybody else quiet mm
413. but couldn ' t remember dad no and her sh er she felt this sort of huge need of mother but she didn ' t she wasn ' t old enough or sort of or the same sort of child so that she no couldn ' t do that no no and her s again she oh dear it goes on erm she had a gang that was her system she she she found a little gang and they
415. just keep what we have yeah let ' s just whatever fucking hell it ' s har it ' s hard to like cheat this game yeah it is right okay your go oh to go into it child stars eh? one i ' m not actually looking at the question don ' t worry i can ' t see them why don ' t you one okay no never mind i was gonna say why don '
416. ? no yeah don ' t do that oh i can go anywhere erm blue anywhere you want me yeah blue i i know there was a blue there do you want but i want this blue brothers child stars or rome or heroes and that ' s geography heroes heroes i don ' t i don ' t know any heroes child stars? child stars child stars brothers child stars rome i don ' t fucking know
417. know there was a blue there do you want but i want this blue brothers child stars or rome or heroes and that ' s geography heroes heroes i don ' t i don ' t know any heroes child stars? child stars child stars brothers child stars rome i don ' t fucking know er can i just right get rid of like loads of chips please? just mm i don ' t care how much there
418. a blue there do you want but i want this blue brothers child stars or rome or heroes and that ' s geography heroes heroes i don ' t i don ' t know any heroes child stars? child stars child stars brothers child stars rome i don ' t fucking know er can i just right get rid of like loads of chips please? just mm i don ' t care how much there is even if
419. there do you want but i want this blue brothers child stars or rome or heroes and that ' s geography heroes heroes i don ' t i don ' t know any heroes child stars? child stars child stars brothers child stars rome i don ' t fucking know er can i just right get rid of like loads of chips please? just mm i don ' t care how much there is even if you know
420. want but i want this blue brothers child stars or rome or heroes and that ' s geography heroes heroes i don ' t i don ' t know any heroes child stars? child stars child stars brothers child stars rome i don ' t fucking know er can i just right get rid of like loads of chips please? just mm i don ' t care how much there is even if you know the answer just
421. when i was younger but i used to get you know? er i don ' t i thought the snowman was a bit of a paedo rea oh cos he hung out with a child i suppose you could take that slant i never i nev saw it in that sense i just saw him as a snowman no not if you were a kid but no he was very like masculine though
425. we ' ll just see er just see what time she wants to go and then i ' ll gauge it by that oh me too send letters letters letters send letters fifty hours i love letters oh the child on the right ' s well good i ' m never talking to you again oh er don ' t take the piss text back oh here we go mm what she want? mm ah mm? you need
427. ll have one less child and that ' s one less and just and they still have to pay yeah that ' s true but has to well i suppose i suppose it ' s looking after an ill child which wouldn ' t be much fun yeah we we used to though i mean when they had chickenpox they were only too pleased that we could look after them with all the kids all the kids were
428. it ' s like there are years missing in my life already cos i ' ve so trusting yeah but i ' m so trusting yeah i ' m so stupi i really am yeah like a child yeah i ' m so naive like if someone tells me something i just assume it ' s true well yeah so do i yeah i wouldn ' t even think i just presume it ' s true to
429. friends of my dad and erm so he said he said erm oh well ' s been invited i just left that hanging you know it ' s like so what? so what he invited one child and not the other? well that ' s weird that ' s just what he said so yeah wouldn ' t read too much into how got invited no whether actually he is invited or not but this is
430. every now and again right was my sister i thought she was just like my mum ' s friend or something okay she was just some woman yeah and she ' s you know when you ' re a child yeah and these people turn up and you say yes how have you yeah oh hello you know are you well our generation you just sit quietly and do your drawing or something it ' s not this thing where
431. a neighbour or someone she ' s met yeah walking the dog or yeah i dunno and you just smile and they don ' t really show an interest in your life cos you ' re a child yeah cos in those days there were the clearly demarcated definitely boundaries between yeah yes and you ' re not really told anything yeah like i i remember when my dad left it was like oh you
432. so you completely changed your mind right are you hunting for some more food? mm what would you like? another? a brownie a brow we don ' t well we ' ve only got a child brownie not a brownie br brown owl no ugh needs to eat you need to eat that pancake me no want me me no want ' s pancake there are chocolate mousses i
433. ##tinent and if she ' d asked any question about the story or the play or a character she would have to have answered it but not questioning why are we doing this? mm yeah whereas another child if another child had questioned but they don ' t normally question that sort of stuff yeah probably would have answered it but said but oh she ' s quite witty apparently they were in the maths lesson which
434. if she ' d asked any question about the story or the play or a character she would have to have answered it but not questioning why are we doing this? mm yeah whereas another child if another child had questioned but they don ' t normally question that sort of stuff yeah probably would have answered it but said but oh she ' s quite witty apparently they were in the maths lesson which i don '
435. next train i don ' t expect to do it cos his bi his believe it or not his bike ' s heavier than mine oh is it? yeah what they made that out of for a child? we got off at yesterday before we er went to the strand mm there was like three flights of stairs get out the train station? yeah jesus yeah sometimes you need to go up and over the platform
438. kind of erm boarding school environment in oman and you go in in the morning you know wake the kids up and you ' d shake hands with them you know you ' d shake hands with every child in in the dorm mm you wouldn ' t interestingly when they came into lessons you wouldn ' t shake hands but then in in any other situation if you saw them like in the socially in the playground
442. like if you had the child on land mm at least the child would never get seasick cos they ' d be on the ship their entire life i know but you don ' t want a child seeing piratey things do you? well no they would think it ' s normal a child pirate mm? it could be a it could be it could be a pirate child? yes i know but it
443. cos they ' d be on the ship their entire life i know but you don ' t want a child seeing piratey things do you? well no they would think it ' s normal a child pirate mm? it could be a it could be it could be a pirate child? yes i know but it ' s it would be very dangerous for them wouldn ' t it? unless they had a
444. don ' t want a child seeing piratey things do you? well no they would think it ' s normal a child pirate mm? it could be a it could be it could be a pirate child? yes i know but it ' s it would be very dangerous for them wouldn ' t it? unless they had a good hiding space what if their ship what if their parents got killed and their ship
445. muchness really aren ' t they? yeah yeah they ' re gorgeous i love starlings for their colours i feel a bit cheated in a way cos i was kind of taught as a small child that starlings and all forms of crow or carrion are just mm hm nasty vermin like creatures mm hm and i never really appreciated them and now i ' ve kind of done away with that out
455. the second one was a bit derivative what was on? gruffalo ' s child on the d who? on the portable dvd player what was it? did you watch it? gruffalo ' s child yeah dad what? gruffalo ' s child have to watched it yet? there ' s cheese there if you want it you what sorry? there ' s cheese here oh it ' s yellow though i
456. on? gruffalo ' s child on the d who? on the portable dvd player what was it? did you watch it? gruffalo ' s child yeah dad what? gruffalo ' s child have to watched it yet? there ' s cheese there if you want it you what sorry? there ' s cheese here oh it ' s yellow though i won ' t touch it er mum do you
457. to be quite annoyed i think your dad ' s been blocked off a few times dad got blocked off earlier on hasn ' t got his long routes i i made i made a j i made a child ' s error where did i get yeah i made a where did i get i made a where did i get blocked off? er early doors me you did didn ' t you? i think someone did
458. don ' t they? oh she looks quite happy there well she looks happy not all of them do no not not not all no no no no yes that ' s lovely yeah she looks a happy child well i know what did she use to say about her best friend? her parents used to they got is that her friend??? oh yes yes that was her name that ' s right that was
459. just the the imprint i guess i think that ' s what it is is it? yeah looks like that doesn ' t it? i can ' t see oh here we are recapturing a child ' s finger and prints in silicone and it ' s that sort of for the silver but i mean it ' s pretty useless unless you lose your finger in later life no it ' s the size
460. the same time this one starts speak to the head teacher yeah look cute in them ah go back to to look at the er because you ' re oblivious ah i ' m oblivious? no as a child you just oh right and you ' re ignorant to everything and you ' re just like pretty little girl and you ' re just like a bumbling fool and it ' s like who wants to be in
461. the best time of my life? because you ' re still young but you should have a bit of freedom to make your own decisions you have used to having your parents making them for you as a child yeah but right i i i ' ve had this discussion with you before and yeah and you ' re like oh you get freedom yeah and i ' m like well i i don ' t feel restricted i
463. a medicine before it was a yeah but it ' s just sugar though isn ' t it? i suppose that ' s what like but that ' s what my dad used to bring me as a child you may as well you may as well have vimto or dr pepper or whatever if you were sick yeah there ' s no medicine in lucozade though is there? no i ' m sure
464. well but i discovered when was this in winter? i suddenly discovered no it was in summer so there were midges actually oh okay probably worse than winter camping but i discovered that i had a a child who had never peed outside before so we had to c i had to come up with a i came up with the idea of a peeing tree so that ' s where we peed by the
465. am the top che hilarious er he was young and who else er was young there was another young one wasn ' t there you went on a date with a young one who was messaging you yes the child the child yep bless him he was young yeah you must ' ve got a motherly look about you oh god oh jesus that ' s bad ain ' t it but the thing is i always think with
466. top che hilarious er he was young and who else er was young there was another young one wasn ' t there you went on a date with a young one who was messaging you yes the child the child yep bless him he was young yeah you must ' ve got a motherly look about you oh god oh jesus that ' s bad ain ' t it but the thing is i always think with these people
467. er i don ' t doubt it for a moment were you trying to persuade the other kids that jesus didn ' t exist? yeah i was telling them there was no dinosaurs in the bible you horrible child well at the time i didn ' t know i was being pedantic i didn ' t know that i was being a knob oh really? i was genuinely concerned and i was asking them asking loads
468. s what age here? er twenty - two? twenty - three? and that ' s him young? no that ' s him now that ' s him now? yeah he just looks like a child mm how good is that bum? it ' s pretty nice yep it ' s a pretty nice bum so you put these things together because you want to look like this? yes this would be great yeah
473. he must ' ve been in trouble before if he ' d done something before ah they would probably put you in prison yeah maybe er he said he ' d had a colourful past when he was a child yeah when he was like a teenager so you ' re talking like breaking and entering or something or he must ' ve done something or like petty drugs or something yeah robbing a car or something joyriding
474. diana ross love it i have to deal with like this all the time what does that say about buried penis? what? oh i thought she was talking about you oh that ' s er oh the child apparently sent me um an e - mail today look at you aw he sent you an e - mail? with a picture on it ' s er the original child? not the original child the one that
475. oh that ' s er oh the child apparently sent me um an e - mail today look at you aw he sent you an e - mail? with a picture on it ' s er the original child? not the original child the one that ' s coming back tomorrow oh because on the on the plenty of fish thing he looks really hot and i thought that can ' t be true there was one that
476. oh the child apparently sent me um an e - mail today look at you aw he sent you an e - mail? with a picture on it ' s er the original child? not the original child the one that ' s coming back tomorrow oh because on the on the plenty of fish thing he looks really hot and i thought that can ' t be true there was one that you showed me was really
477. ' s quite nice this is not the the sweet old man is this another twenty young? twenty young very young whichever one of those two it is very young oh hot bod though yeah but a child child i mean you er might be arrested for paedophilia that and she actually is a child is that his daughter? that ' s his sister oh that ' s his girlfriend that ' s his
478. s quite nice this is not the the sweet old man is this another twenty young? twenty young very young whichever one of those two it is very young oh hot bod though yeah but a child child i mean you er might be arrested for paedophilia that and she actually is a child is that his daughter? that ' s his sister oh that ' s his girlfriend that ' s his last
479. very young whichever one of those two it is very young oh hot bod though yeah but a child child i mean you er might be arrested for paedophilia that and she actually is a child is that his daughter? that ' s his sister oh that ' s his girlfriend that ' s his last girlfriend er just put her on there for shits and giggles um mm he ' s quite amusing
480. even open i have to say did eat quite a few i only took like four the fact that you ' re justifying all the biscuits being eaten by by so easily seeing nothing wrong in feeding the child no i know nearly a full packet of biscuits it ' s really no kind of you know way to explain this off is i only ate four what? i only ate four you only ate four? considering
481. only see her at four o ' clock so when i get her she ' s usually forgotten what she ' s done but when i have visited the impression i get is that it ' s much more child led so they do what they like they ' re not going from activity to activity as defined by the teachers you know if they want to do water play all morning they can if they want to play with
482. by the teachers you know if they want to do water play all morning they can if they want to play with wooden blocks all morning they can so it ' s very much just sort of pupil more child - led which i like about it oh brilliant cos she ' s only three if she wants to play all morning then let her you know that ' s fine but they do push them a bit more
483. didn ' t go my mother - in - law has him today because they moved recently they moved to the area recently and so you know we ' ll see tomorrow anyway yeah he normally goes to a child - minder three days a week and to grandparents two days a week so did you sort out your child - minder problem cos you were looking for someone weren ' t you? yeah yeah she
484. area recently and so you know we ' ll see tomorrow anyway yeah he normally goes to a child - minder three days a week and to grandparents two days a week so did you sort out your child - minder problem cos you were looking for someone weren ' t you? yeah yeah she was she was okay cos she had to have an operation and then it turned out that i had to
485. i just had to have emergency surgery with appendicitis and then eh you know he was actually looked after by my mum for a bit and then you know after that he was you know the child - minder was fine again you know she ' s okay now okay so you ' re still using the same person? yeah well it ' s kind of handy cos she ' s only opposite the
486. lessons so i have three frees to get loads of work done usually i ' m taken for a couple but today i wasn ' t but my day started badly because had a tantrum at the child - minders because when we got out of the car she ' d lost her bracelet she was wearing a little pink you know silly little jewellery thing and she just went mad completely mad and i had to
487. betty or saint trinian ' s or the other thing um saint trinian ' s shall we try? remember it being really funny but i dunno if that ' s cos i was a child why is it saying i can ' t watch it now? yes i can don ' t you even think about it oh piss ohhhh um bfg it is not h not going well oh oh
488. that ' s cotton which is also can i? erm natural ah silk well silk clothes er are kind of very light and sort of summery i don ' t think i ' ve ever seen child ' s clothes that are silk but i can show you the sari ' s okay i ' m shall i tell you about the legend of the dragon yes which is kind of up to this mm so
489. ' ve got this report and my now my parents are unhappy with me what have i done? mm but i you know i couldn ' t do that i didn ' t have the capabilities as a child to do that no and er so it was er you know it was bad it i well i just i gave up i thought fuck it what ' s the point? but that ' s all about me
490. yes like but he ' s not he ' s a he ' s a sly bastard a sly bastard i remember do you remember him? yes and i was i i wasn ' t a particularly nice child when i think and er i remember he was sitting in front of me and i k i kept flicking his hair up with a ruler and he tur turned round to my great shock punched you in the
491. we got like a hundred and like picking one piece at a time like the girls made their monkeys cos they like going oh er oh wa - wa - wa and then you ' re a strange child and that was shall i just so weird should i tell you my dream? hang on a minute though erm so and then and how did the dream end? sh - sh - sh well i don
493. and he and he and there ' s the circus in town that like offers a space for a new per for like three new people two parents and one child? right and because jamie is an only child and doesn ' t have millions of sisters uhu or brothers or sisters he thinks it ' s a brilliant idea and his parents uhu s erm were secretly in the circus? yeah but he doesn
494. knitting ' s worth millions that would be cool even though some bits of it it ' s just and then some bits of it are sad? and yeah uhu not and then there wa like this child in the circus uhu named elizabeth and she really really hates it she hates being in the circus she doesn ' t even get to perform mm so she just wants a normal life where like she can practice
496. you responded um no no this is number two i don ' t know any number one being the army one oh okay number two being the blonde that was around here the one that oh yeah yeah blonde child the blonde child very attractive blonde hmm i t i think i was trying to think if he ' s the fittest person that i ' ve bedded but i don ' t i can ' t remember
497. no no this is number two i don ' t know any number one being the army one oh okay number two being the blonde that was around here the one that oh yeah yeah blonde child the blonde child very attractive blonde hmm i t i think i was trying to think if he ' s the fittest person that i ' ve bedded but i don ' t i can ' t remember i mean not
500. relationship at that time well he did but he was cheap right and i never slept with him while he was with her but they were on and off a bit like this jeremy kyle thing she was a child and i don ' t know what the hell he was doing with him cos he ' s not he ' s lovely hmm full of himself right but in the way that i knew i knew him and
501. if that was the case we ' d just go you just know to your room hmm yeah but and she saw some things that i never told her she said i c i didn ' t imagine how child like he was with things and how picky and i was like well there you go hmm i mean she ' s very much like she ' s we ' re like the same person cos i think
502. roller and the the one in between was a porsche oh yes and we went i went the day before i was twelve right? because if i was twelve the price doubled under twelve you ' re a child over twelve you ' re an adult or you ' re taking up an adult seat gosh yeah and the price went from twenty - four pounds to forty - eight if i went the following day so i
503. no maybe i don ' t want to watch telly and it ' s just annoying won ' t wear the headphones so everyone has to put up with well fair enough if it ' s a child yeah that is gorgeous mm good job you mentioned the er chips cos you yeah it was a good call you ' re in i ' ve got artichoke though have you not got something else though
505. he said ferret and i was like pardon? parrot african parrot mm he was very cool though he he was saying that it used to like it ' s has a brain of a five year old child like a general yeah parrot and it can hold like thirty thousand words so shit if it hears you speak it will practise it for a couple of days and then be able to speak but it doesn
506. i feel like i ' ve not you know when something happens and sometimes you replay memories yeah and think about it i don ' t genuinely think i ' ve ever thought about that since i was a child until now yeah like it ' s just sort of hit me so it just reminds me that tomorrow i ' ll talk to my dad or i ' ll erm talk to my mum about it and just
508. he wouldn ' t remember what oh he won ' t do no no what looked like but it ' s us isn ' t it? yeah well i don ' t remember what looked like as a child i was no no but when i was born when she was already older has showed you these pictures? was the spit image no she won ' t he won ' t remember and no i wasn ' t
510. ? no i was gonna say your nan on his side well he knows his mum he knew his mum no i m well his real mum his biological mum who died yeah but he was he was a child he remembers his mum well i don ' t think he knows much about her family or no but i he doesn ' t know yeah but he doesn ' t know much about erm we ' re talking
511. and it is interesting cos yeah i could never understand as you go she couldn ' t say the hs it would be yeah they drop the h they do yeah yeah yeah yeah it ' s interesting child can be pickanin or a pickaninny or a pickin they use different words for different things it ' s actually got kind of racial connotations the word but well we you hear
512. ' s actually got kind of racial connotations the word but well we you hear if you read like an old american black american english they yeah they ' d say pickaninny for a child or for children and it ' s like dat isn ' t it? yeah dat dat instead of that instead of that yeah that ' s the er they don ' t have the fricative the they don
513. ##am chomsky in the sixties turned around and said how is that possible when children can say things that they ' ve never heard before? they can use constructions that and how is it that a child can hear us say things incorrectly yet doesn ' t repeat it? they don ' t there basically they believe that there ' s a framework underlying the language and all the child has to do is decide is
514. how is it that a child can hear us say things incorrectly yet doesn ' t repeat it? they don ' t there basically they believe that there ' s a framework underlying the language and all the child has to do is decide is it head first or is it head last? is it null subject or does it have a so i am gonna explain null subject in english we say i speak we have to
515. certain languages don ' t move the what phrase that stays at the end so in english we have a head first w h operator in chinese they don ' t it stays in the same place so the child just has to learn those switches learn whether we move those w h questions to the front or we keep them in place do you know what i mean? yeah so they think that it ' s called poverty
516. english so we have to structure it in a set way to say who ' s doing what so we english and other languages are different and er apparently very very interesting the children set those parameters as a child they can learn any language and through just listening those parameters get set and they go okay english is a language where i have to structure they ' re not consciously doing that but it ' s a tacit
517. would prove it to you well fine i don ' t mind if i am tested properly mm i ' m quite happy with the present testing but yes but also the milk that you were drinking as a child would have come straight from the farm mm okay but you know you you look at the milk you ' re buying nowadays mm goodness knows what it still was i think it was happens to it only tuberculosis tested
518. young kids that no i think cos when we were just outside you know we we were outside we played on the floor in filth we ate mm filth ate worms even yeah i was a child and now they ' re so overprotected and why and every you know everything ' s hoovered and cleaned and why are people all this allergic to peanuts when people in places like malaysia where they
519. so they wouldn ' t have been in our diet we didn ' t have peanuts butter but lots of people did have peanut butter didn ' t they? i remember having peanut butter mm what as a child? well teens i think it came in i don ' t remember it all you see my i don ' t remember peanuts or my mm or perhaps a student peanut butter on toast but we used to eat
524. she thought thought she was she was gonna hit her so sh in defence she did that oh but she cut her on her nose oh my goodness i dunno she ' s er turning into a devil child isn ' t she? but at primary school wednesday again the day after apparently has had attitude and he ' d been given some extra work to do in his lunchtime mm and went to and questioned i
525. she ran upstairs got her dressing gown thing and snuck out i said and her very words were i felt like i was ru i er i ran to the car i felt like i was a naughty school child i er well there ' s the problem there is the problem why? that child ' s got all the power in the house why would you feel like a naughty school child? that girl ' s been
526. words were i felt like i was ru i er i ran to the car i felt like i was a naughty school child i er well there ' s the problem there is the problem why? that child ' s got all the power in the house why would you feel like a naughty school child? that girl ' s been naughty bang out of order so she should be punished she should be al she should
527. i was a naughty school child i er well there ' s the problem there is the problem why? that child ' s got all the power in the house why would you feel like a naughty school child? that girl ' s been naughty bang out of order so she should be punished she should be al she should be made to stay at home but yeah should you know mum can go out should still be
529. passport yes which in theory has its er which is a european passport yes of course which is already access to how many countries? yes er of course yes it ' s a win - win for that child mm mm and through connection erm simply they themselves ppresumably would have rights to to kiwis new zealand yeah for sure look at what happened with who ' s w i mean he got
531. ' s on christmas eve mm looking at the and we like s had psych ourselves up mentally thinking it was er yeah you know some sort of or we were quite happily prepared to use a small child as like a think of the children hold it up against our heads think it was this one mm ' s funny though he ' s quite nice yeah erm but it was actually completely fine the only thing
537. there ' s a group been set up hasn ' t there next to children ' s centre where they ' re supposed to go and learn the basics before they go to school but still even if a child who knows the basics that teacher ' s gonna have to spend more time with those children you know getting them to understand and teaching them and then the other children are miss out being left by the wayside
538. saying that ' s what i ' m talking about yeah mm i ' m sure if i would have gone for it then i ' m sure mm maybe that ' s because i always had as a child i were always had it dipped in su sugar do you want one? mm i mean they do taste good dipped in sugar but i don ' t anymore they ' re perfectly fine on their own their own
541. maori actor he was he was in star wars oh right but he ' s a really really good actor that was about the maori communities in auckland yeah and it ' s about eh it was actually about child abuse within the family there for okay but it was a very interesting film but quite violent was it it was set it ' s a really famous em once we were warriors yeah it ' s really famous that
542. - old kids would be the ones who were looking after the younger kids yeah whereas now er it ' s different yeah and you wouldn ' t you ' d be you are actually allowed to be a child aren ' t you? er yeah exactly yeah but then you were kind of seen as a bit of a yeah erm and er i was always oold head on young shoulders and this and that and
543. natural growing up or whatever but you ' ve got drew barrymore really lindsay lohan who ' s that er? who er? miley cyrus miley cyrus all of them they ' re all child stars amanda bynes yeah yeah they ' re all like absolutely fucked mm britney spears yeah macaulay culkin macaulay culkin ' s a right oh he ' s the nenext level
549. no i ' m sorry like not to sound selfish but when i moved over there there was no one there to help you to tell me how to do it i was like you ' re a fucking child like at that age you don ' t give a shit no you will get thrown in at the deep end and you ' ll make your own friends and you ' ll learn your own way and that '
550. ##ipen? yeah mm but that didn ' t come out until no you know a few years back yeah and you think well i thought allergies you sort of grew up with them as a child cos you were sort of born with them or something yeah and then suddenly yeah i know allergies come and go at his age like where ' s that come from? yeah yeah they do strange
552. are you basically saying he ' s like fat and lazy then just cos of dogs? oh god and i was thinking erm he no i don ' t think can you even over feed a child that much? no i said he has what he has and he uses more energy by like trying to sit up like than like we ' ll like stand like holding him and sort of mm standing him up
554. anything if you were the sort of person that wants to do that i think you you you ' ll always find a way though so they the the the answers are uh uh oh yeah but as a child you mean you mean to get into public i dunno i just think i think part of it ' s in no but the pr problem is that the public schools are g producing that high percentage and and
556. yeah ah and then you bring them back and then you sort of like make a decision which is so much better for for both like the dogs and the people yeah well it ' s like adopting a child isn ' t it? yeah like that ' s what people have to do when they get a kid but yeah but they ' ve just got another dog up now he ' s old he ' s p
557. ' s cos put enough shit on there i love the the fact that like when you she we were like oh are you taking your? and she was like no because i ' m not a child and she ' s got all these kids ' books i was just like ah i love her logic is just like it ' s hilarious she dshe does she says well i ' m not like honest to
558. ' t think i can just make my mind up what i ' d do right now i ' m not even an adult yet no does it feel like a long time ago then when you were a child yourself? or does it feel like yesterday? i am a child yeah but like oh okay when you were like younger toddler and things does that feel like long long time ago? yeah that feels a
559. d do right now i ' m not even an adult yet no does it feel like a long time ago then when you were a child yourself? or does it feel like yesterday? i am a child yeah but like oh okay when you were like younger toddler and things does that feel like long long time ago? yeah that feels a long time ago can you remember much about it? no no?
561. a six - year - old a seven - year - old but we ' ve got a six - year - old yeah you ' ve still got yeah you ' ve still got yeah an appropriately aged child to do it and and i and we took her out and like i say we only went to the houses that said we could go to yes yeah that knew we were coming basically and didn ' t er
562. it ' s not counselling you don ' t need counselling counselling is all dredging up the past what ' s gone wrong in your life to you know? where you abused as a child? whatever you know were your parents alcoholics? you wanted a bit of counselling though didn ' t you? yeah but i think you ' ve given me that hardly i ' m not a qualified
564. ' t you anyway? yeah that ' s the problem like it complicates the situation quite a lot i ' ve met children that are from families that move around a lot and the the child though they ' re pretty fucked up well yeah i mean basically though the child may be on paper more intelligent and you know speaks numerous languages and done these kind of things with regard to social interaction with people
565. ##icates the situation quite a lot i ' ve met children that are from families that move around a lot and the the child though they ' re pretty fucked up well yeah i mean basically though the child may be on paper more intelligent and you know speaks numerous languages and done these kind of things with regard to social interaction with people in their school or whatever i mean i met a girl that in my in
570. trying to figure it out for themselves yeah and it ' s important as parents mm that we let them do that yep so he says there ' s two aspects of his model he says that when a child sees something it so a child might see like a zebra and they ' ve never seen one before and they erm really? do a process called accommodation accommoda i can ' t spell accommodation
571. themselves yeah and it ' s important as parents mm that we let them do that yep so he says there ' s two aspects of his model he says that when a child sees something it so a child might see like a zebra and they ' ve never seen one before and they erm really? do a process called accommodation accommoda i can ' t spell accommodation so when they do accommodation they
572. recalled? teaching? or else they ' re or else they ' re just stuck in that ' s so true assimilation and oh so would would and the next one would it come a stage where a child would come to its own accommodation? it would label an object as different and know it is different and give it another name perhaps if there were just children a new language would developed to accommodate that yes mm
573. would it have to be a completely different species? or? yeah yeah that ' s a good question oh i guess obviously you don ' t have to know the answers the amount no of experience a child hhas had like is important mm oh that ' s true there will be like much broader general categories like basic level as it ' s called oh no superordinate level categories so they ' ll like
574. i i do cry yes sorry anyway the erm the children are sitting either side of the table with a model of the mountains and the adult goes what can you see? and er this is the child oh okay that ' s a and the adult really large child and really small adult so this is the child this is the adult erm so the adult goes and the point remains what c what can you
575. are sitting either side of the table with a model of the mountains and the adult goes what can you see? and er this is the child oh okay that ' s a and the adult really large child and really small adult so this is the child this is the adult erm so the adult goes and the point remains what c what can you do what what can what can you see erm from where
576. model of the mountains and the adult goes what can you see? and er this is the child oh okay that ' s a and the adult really large child and really small adult so this is the child this is the adult erm so the adult goes and the point remains what c what can you do what what can what can you see erm from where you are? and they said and the child
577. this is the adult erm so the adult goes and the point remains what c what can you do what what can what can you see erm from where you are? and they said and the child goes a tree and then the adult goes oh okay okay erm what can i see? and then they say a tree when really they can ' t see the tree oh okay so they and then they
578. see what they understand everyone else to be seeing at the same time it ' s like erm there ' s also a task where er it ' s called like false belief tasks and so when a child is some they ' re given like a smartie box and they go here ' s a smartie box er here ' s a here ' s this thing what ' s inside it? and they went
579. very similar this is gonna be fun no this is really good actually this this is like you er the sphere of influence that we did okay oh cool okay so here is the baby is this still about child development? yeah where ' s the baby? there ' s the baby there ' s the baby and this model suggests that surrounding what ' s happened to that baby ' s face? that smile it goes
582. ##somorph? geology isn ' t it? sorry no carry on oh so in this one it ' s more like the relationships between like the teacher and the parents and how that can influence the child so there ' s things like the school and the neighbourhood no that ' s not there so the teacher their relationship with the parent influential are not all relationships to a degree erm bidirectional?
583. are not all relationships to a degree erm bidirectional? interesting you say that in what way? well i mean just for example in the mesosystem yeah erm if a child behaves really badly in a class some teachers may be less inclined to give it the attention they ' d give to an otherwise behaved child that ' s true probably not good teachers but teachers would do that
584. example in the mesosystem yeah erm if a child behaves really badly in a class some teachers may be less inclined to give it the attention they ' d give to an otherwise behaved child that ' s true probably not good teachers but teachers would do that some yeah at least yeah it ' s true which would affect the way the child developed and was taught but do you think it ' s
585. the attention they ' d give to an otherwise behaved child that ' s true probably not good teachers but teachers would do that some yeah at least yeah it ' s true which would affect the way the child developed and was taught but do you think it ' s more the relationships in this layer that are affecting the way the child is behaving in the class? oh no definitely that ' s what affects
586. some yeah at least yeah it ' s true which would affect the way the child developed and was taught but do you think it ' s more the relationships in this layer that are affecting the way the child is behaving in the class? oh no definitely that ' s what affects it but i ' m saying would they not they wouldn ' t obviously be nowhere near the same extent but are not all
587. ? oh no definitely that ' s what affects it but i ' m saying would they not they wouldn ' t obviously be nowhere near the same extent but are not all relationships yeah what ages is this child sorry? like that though? erm that ' s another part of the thing it ' s like through time so oh it ' s okay whenever really clever so you can consider it that ' s a
588. at any point okay it ' s like that ' s cool so erm yeah then there ' s the exosystem now this is erm something it ' s more indirect effects on the child so erm like the parents ' workplace so if the mum has a bad day at work that can have bad day a way on the way they act at home and hence influence the child okay yep mm
589. on the child so erm like the parents ' workplace so if the mum has a bad day at work that can have bad day a way on the way they act at home and hence influence the child okay yep mm does that make sense? yeah so could you think of any other ways? erm any other indirect so there ' s like neighbourhood or maybe church or religion oh oh oh dad ' s
590. ##o dunno well if you financial situation of the family yeah yeah that ' s true finances how do you what about church? how do you think that will influence things indirectly? well it introduces a child to a new social circle doesn ' t it? a new set of people true and do you think as well as of course the whole theological impact on a child mm like spiritual very interesting which has a
591. things indirectly? well it introduces a child to a new social circle doesn ' t it? a new set of people true and do you think as well as of course the whole theological impact on a child mm like spiritual very interesting which has a deep impact psychologically i assume especially from a young age mm and yeah horses and other four - legged things mm they have a deep impact on children i ' ve
597. yesterday about how a boarding environment yeah yeah mm like really makes what do you think that happens in that? well i actually looked up some research they they have like it ' s so different to a child who ' s going to a day school because you ' re so you ' ve got one socialisation setting so yeah your teachers are all here like your peers are very much here especially in a small school
598. he? was little yeah there ' s photos that we look at him the shape of the face not so much now as he ' s getting older oh dear but he so reminds me of as a child just you know he ' s just active constantly constantly ah from the time he gets up to the time he goes to sleep oh they ' re so active like he ' s he ' s tiny got du
600. m not being able to make the comparison before yes yes let ' s wash your hands then first of all yeah do you like them then? i never liked anything with raisins in as a child oh really? this looks good do you like jam too? yeah do you like jam? come give your hands a wash come get your hands give your hands a wash oh they ' re very big do
601. have nieces and nephews older than i am because they my dad had them as teenagers and they went on to have children as teenagers it ' s strange isn ' t it? so as a child i knew i knew that they were my nieces and nephews but i never really thought of them like that i suppose no i think he and i never saw them too often maybe as well yeah but
602. and they went for sort of twenty or thirty quid ah but that one went for three well we were lucky it ' s good innit? just keep getting yeah yeah and give give the er child kind of like yeah please sir she ' s probably thinking that poor tyke doesn ' t even have a window on his house yeah i think she was thinking god your parents have raided your money box to
604. say good evening in french they walk away if you haven ' t said it perfectly i ' m going to italy actually but i think you can the younger you are the better yeah i remember meeting a child that like in in ibiza once who could like he was like s five and spoke five languages er they are er it is astonishing i ' m not sure mm what that does i mean does it mean
605. i think erm i i even i even i can sort of remember just sort of looking at photos and books of other places you know that were sort of like exciting and when you ' re a child it ' s like imagine yes but now it ' s sort of that ' s would be totally unr sort of unrewarding compared to a film or yeah i think that ' s that ' s
606. go near that side of life erm yeah it was bad enough trying to take all of you up yeah on a train once a year yeah when you ' ve got the family railcard and each child went for a pound yeah er return it was fantastic yeah but erm but no erm yeah no i ' ve got i ' ve i hahad to buy a family and friends railcard anyway just
607. on the on the bus sometimes the er this is the buses the er when i was seventeen or eighteen yeah the conductor er or or er they were mostly women actually conductresses erm give me a child ' s erm in other words under fifteen really? er without and you wouldn ' t have been small would you? wiwithout even a er without me asking for for it erm really?
610. no no used to be a lot yeah in nineteen sixty hardly fill the car up with petrol these days would it? but it ' s no that ' s right more than they ' d get in child minding in the end wasn ' t it? yeah yeah yeah mm mm but i mean yeah on your erm yeah on your er erm pension agreement thing did it take account of of the years
612. language but there are situations where it ' s more or less appropriate mm hm i think a bit like any form of language so i think a lot of people yeah you need to yeah be educating a child as to you know appropriate use of it i guess yeah i think a lot of people think kids are kind of er kids are stupid or they won ' t understand something and they level everything so low mm
613. to always buy them in marks and sparks mm hm but i think marks and sparks had that phase where they did great quality stuff and then primark and all the other cheap mm hm places that use child labour started opening and nobody yeah went to marks and sparks and then m and s put their prices down but yeah really cheap quality shit quality yeah so where in the world do you buy good quality decade pants
614. ##m a little drive especially with erm i don ' t know if your mum was going to take turns but a long drive especially when you consider that erm like in the car is a young child they can sleep for some of that you can ' t sleep for all of it and it ' s a question of how much how stimulated he ' s kept they were silly as well they weren ' t
619. ##barrow and i was like should he ' s trying to say wheelbarrows it ' s a person around on erm and erm er anyway so he eventually said like a thing a child plays with and got dolly parton and then was quite stressful as well wasn ' t joining in and my mum kept getting the answers but wasn ' t officially playing so she knew what i was trying
620. yeah you ' re better off with her than that one so well from what i hear yeah it ' s getting bad again is it? from what i hear oh dear they ' re looking after the child from down the road on a regular basis oh yeah you said last week that ' s a bit naughty isn ' t it? and i ' m aware that they went to ' s last night what with
621. from one school to another which was good cos it was a promotion and everything else which was which was good and i enjoyed that time i learnt a lot yeah but then having to deal with that child protection issue with that ex - deputy that wasn ' t that wasn ' t good having to deal with a school with special measures then when you think the things that are okay on the personal front you '
622. with ' s brother older one with? yeah when they were at primary school went to used to play around each other ' s houses and really fancied him really? yeah when she was a child obviously i used to fancy him as well did you? yeah that ' s still true isn ' t it? yeah er a little bit oh don ' t be disgusting clearly don ' t do i fancy
624. was standing there sort of what ' s she doing? and saw the buggy and she walked away from the buggy and i could easily have just like reversed out having not known and crushed her child and like that ' s ridiculous she was in a big she was in an audi four - by - four as well so i was like you ' re a prick yeah you were parked in the the parent
625. like that ' s ridiculous she was in a big she was in an audi four - by - four as well so i was like you ' re a prick yeah you were parked in the the parent child place weren ' t you? no i wasn ' t she was just in that little that she was told to use i was in like i was in the proper like labyrinths of like you know when
626. have qi? you get a double letter score and have twenty - two? i ' ll put i ' ll put what? no qi? no because i don ' t believe that qi is a child above child wow above above woah do you get two though for that? do that oh shit yeah but why would you want to do that? there ' s nothing under there? iq? that '
627. ? you get a double letter score and have twenty - two? i ' ll put i ' ll put what? no qi? no because i don ' t believe that qi is a child above child wow above above woah do you get two though for that? do that oh shit yeah but why would you want to do that? there ' s nothing under there? iq? that ' s exactly
628. oh yeah right that ' s the thing she really hated him oh i see she remembered him in that way because erm as far as she was concerned she he turned his back on her as a child and she never received any she never got she never got the impression that well she cer put it this way she never felt loved by him she certainly felt very rejected by him but this is where comes
630. to you defending taking it off i mean it ' s not the worst thing but like i i ' m sure there was one person who got like strangled by their seatbelt it might have been a child and they weren ' t wearing a seat yeah i think we ' re here now although on children in general it can be quite dangerous to have a seatbelt cos it can cruscrush like
634. s cupcakes like cupcakes is a big thing now mm cupcakes? like you know a cupcake i never really eat a cupcake cos you feel like a chchi child to eat a cupcake yeah do you know what i mean? but cupcake oh people go out on a sunday and buy a cupcake you know? yeah no i don ' t know right see
635. ' t know right see that ' s why it ' s er difficult to explain to you so erm but we used to get cupcakes when i was a kid yeah when you were a child exactly a ch cupcakes are not something adults eat they were like little bits of cake and then ththat thick yes sugar we know what a cupcake i we too know what a cupcake
637. wa he was a teacher as well then yes he w yes he was he but but that was yeah he was he was a lecturer ah erm a university lecturer how many were in sudan as a child was that cos he was teaching then? that ' s right there was in khartoum there was a university college erm which did external london degrees mm er i th i think in in in
640. it? well say that again sorry? if women weren ' t working there would be half as many workers for the same number of jobs unemployment wouldn ' t be an issue oh eh? nor would child care is this a joke? no cos women would be staying at home oh you ' re being serious? oh i am being serious that they are the facts yeah probably i ' m not necessarily saying
645. that ' s what it is if you it ' s just it ' s one of those words probably going out of the yeah out of use isn ' t it? yes like when i was a child my mum might say oh i ' ll i ' ll get you some er er do you want some supper? like when i was younger it would be used as a word then mm erm but then
646. tea they like it ' s yeah i that always confused me mm when i was younger i was like oh well tea? yeah i that ' s well but it it was er when i was a child mum would say come in and get your tea it was so funny online i saw erm this american person had written online and they were like it was so funny they said i ' m so confused about
647. not sure what i think most people who have learnt it as a second language would where you wouldn ' t yeah is if like in some countries they learn two or three from when they ' re a child yeah yeah yeah and it just comes natural like erm er i work with people from morocco and but they say well they they learn they have arabic french yeah english and they can speak them all fluently
648. each like connect to each other yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that ' d be good be not great connection speed would it really? generally bit of a shit plan yeah a little bit shit is that a child calling again? mm do you think we ' ll need a tomato sauce? erm cos we ' ve got like half a tin in thingy no no no no i wouldn ' t bother no
649. don ' t know is it quite well known? well they say that i mean there was someone who was put on the sex offender ' s register recently wasn ' t there? who was like a child for this stuff well let ' s assume it is what we that you know it is just putting silly naked pictures in year seven? good god and threatening language we were told oh and threatening then maybe it
652. lived in for a while she ' s studying psychiatry wow yeah she ' s so clever why did i think she was doing like paediatricianing? yeah so no she ' s doing child psychpsychiatry child psychiatry? yeah for children for kids i knew she was doing kids start to yeah no she ' s i mean god she ' s amazing she ' s incredible and she '
653. ' s studying psychiatry wow yeah she ' s so clever why did i think she was doing like paediatricianing? yeah so no she ' s doing child psychpsychiatry child psychiatry? yeah for children for kids i knew she was doing kids start to yeah no she ' s i mean god she ' s amazing she ' s incredible and she ' ll end up one of the
654. and that sounds so ridiculous that i would actually but you can just choose choose your yeah like that ' s what my mum said to me cos if it ' s if like it sounds like a child but honestly i find it so hard to read really small font and cos i just lose where i lose where i am and so she was like get a kindle and then you can change the font
655. ah okay let ' s discuss eh let ' s discuss our life yeah no no okay eh other teachers you what did you want to be as a child? a barrister i mean no no no no i mean as a child not like as a you weren ' t born a four - year - old erm i i i was born and i ah fine
656. s discuss eh let ' s discuss our life yeah no no okay eh other teachers you what did you want to be as a child? a barrister i mean no no no no i mean as a child not like as a you weren ' t born a four - year - old erm i i i was born and i ah fine okay watch this right when you were the youngest you know okay obviously football
657. good yeah i i really like her dress sense that little backpack er look at him looking at her he ' s so like i know he ' s awful ain ' t he? he ' s a child he doesn ' t even have any stubble i remember when i fucking hate lucy yeah but she ' s great seriously like why ' s everyone getting at my? come on another and now another whenever they show
659. ##m make a cuppa tea or get a drink or something you keep it now well i just had a sip out of it are you that disgusted by my? mm remember you doing that as a child you always er lliked somesomething of his iice cream you ' d erm take a mouthful out of it did i? and he w he ' d say there you go you have
660. going in erm in er so in that line of thinking if there was a somebody who let ' s say just for fun hadn ' t come into contact with another person uhu erm feral child would would they have the ability to create art? i think that art takes on a far more abstract yes it would definition here are you talking about art in the mind of the outsider? erm as
661. you should just never ever do that but and she ' s born on the twenty - third of december oh has been bought up with that? no she said they didn ' t when she was a child but now people just go oh that ' s for your birthday and christmas does she hate that? well she says she doesn ' t mind but i ' d say i i ' d really mind that yeah
663. oh maybe definitely don ' t worry i ' ve got it too can you inherit ocd for nails? yes or maybe i just always noticed you talking about them or touching them when i was a child and i copied you well i didn ' t i didn ' t actually start talking about them till i started growing them i know but maybe you were always touching them or biting them and i i used to
664. didn ' t actually start talking about them till i started growing them i know but maybe you were always touching them or biting them and i i used to bite them a lot yeah and like as a child and i copied you mm it ' s history twenty years later i ' ve got no nails and a mental disorder sorry i passed my mental disorder on to you oh i can ' t take the christmas decorations
665. sort of a airy fairy looking character and in other books they say she looks like a little doll yeah well in the muppet christmas carol yeah she looks like a chil she ' s a child yeah well i thought my i i bought a blonde curly sort of long but long but shirley temple type curls ringletty wig yeah and it says she has a light shining from her head so i er
668. where you get hold the tie and then pull it down really hard and it like tight tightens the knot really bad like bad so then they can ' t undo it you ' re such a cruel child i didn ' t do it no other people used to do it you just said we just used to like my friend ' s group used to do it and then i was the one that got very good
669. i know yeah so good for you yeah and a lot of the polish places actually were with erm polish families where they don ' t speak any english uhu or they ' ve got a younger child who speaks english but they don ' t live there yeah sure but you can talk to them on skype sort of thing so i think that ' s probably the best way to learn a language mm rather
670. back into the class i had no idea where they went so i actually had to oh get somebo to actually somebody to have to take me there so you were in the office cos this horrible child pushed you int over in the playground? yeah er he slammed my face on the ground oh dear you went to the office and then when you came back to class there was nobody there? yeah so did
671. er because father had got to go and leave the family home and go to serve in the forces so that ' s another sort of thing that i really stands out in my memory as a little young child that that took place and obviously in time erm then he had to go and we were on our own we had quite a big house and because we had a big house we were obliged to have lodge
672. have strangers among us but my mother and grandmother being such good cooks i think they all thought they were onto a good place for staying and we certainly made them as comfortable as we possibly could as a child i remember during the war because we might be in a location where bombs might drop we had what they would call in those days not an outside shelter we had to go into but my erm mother and
673. earlier on mm do you think it weakened him for the rest of his life or do you think that was it that was just a period he got over it and he got better? well as a child i would say i was the sturdy one right erm strong my brother was more what i would ' ve thought was a bit sort of a f erm more of a weakling really erm and
674. cold erm which was quite f well it wasn ' t funny for her but erm i remember she didn ' t like it erm what was the food that you had when you were a child what would you say your favourite meal was? during those war years i mean d apple crumble would that have been available? i mean obviously in season apples? i can ' t really remember apple cr
675. ? during those war years i mean d apple crumble would that have been available? i mean obviously in season apples? i can ' t really remember apple crumble when i was erm a child although having said that i ' ve had a lovely piece today which was very very nice erm oh but that ' s quite beside the point isn ' t it? yeah erm erm i can
676. erm and therefore not so many erm health problems no heart problems diabetes didn ' t happen much then no no obesity really no i can ' t remember any obese people at all as a child erm that would ' ve been erm a real rarity there ' s one thing though i think has improved erm is you know with we used to have perhaps a penny of pocket money and
677. s nicer not to have to wear cheap stuff i don ' t want to during the week i don ' t want to be wearing rimmel of collection 2000 i mean i ' m not a child ooh it ' s a toughy mm i was laughing away i was listening to the recordings from last night just to check you know sound quality and i ' ve got to fill in the recording sheet
678. ' t actually eat that great no like he doesn ' t eat a great deal no didn ' t see him eat that much then mm it ' s a super metabolism were you quite energetic as a child? erm my aunty says i was very very energetic yeah mum says i wasn ' t as much so er she but my aunty sort of says i was energetic bording on bordering on
683. t know if i should tell you what what i might watch it well we we ' ve had it for like probably a year and a half now so yeah yeah you find out it ' s the child it ' s the child maybe it ' s the child doing the the child that goes missing being possessed by this like demon thing and like oh god i hate stuff like that goes in and like does it
684. tell you what what i might watch it well we we ' ve had it for like probably a year and a half now so yeah yeah you find out it ' s the child it ' s the child maybe it ' s the child doing the the child that goes missing being possessed by this like demon thing and like oh god i hate stuff like that goes in and like does it there ' s this nasty
685. watch it well we we ' ve had it for like probably a year and a half now so yeah yeah you find out it ' s the child it ' s the child maybe it ' s the child doing the the child that goes missing being possessed by this like demon thing and like oh god i hate stuff like that goes in and like does it there ' s this nasty where they ' re all like
686. we ' ve had it for like probably a year and a half now so yeah yeah you find out it ' s the child it ' s the child maybe it ' s the child doing the the child that goes missing being possessed by this like demon thing and like oh god i hate stuff like that goes in and like does it there ' s this nasty where they ' re all like tied to a there
687. back he looked like i watched freddie mercury he was that kind of style oh right yeah and er and i got me loan and he but he was guarantor yeah and i just felt like a child that ' s typical that ' s typical of queensland that is my god it ' s poor that ' s how i was being treated queensland honestly unbelievable mm it ' s not like that now though i don
688. think i know you i knew you twenty years ago but you were somewhat smaller mm and didn ' t have a beard i ' ve never had that in such an extreme way since i was actually a child and there was this girl who was older than me and she ' d al whenever she saw me which wasn ' t that often she ' d say oh hello how are you? how ' s your mum
689. they ' d be like in the big bed together and mm geoffrey and bungle and zippy and george aren ' t they just these cuddly toys? is he not just a big man child? i never really understood what was going on i ' ll be honest with you but that was what it was like the seventies you never really understood what the kids ' programmes were trying to like say what
690. and get it mm hm i think you have given me this meal yeah but this is what pe okay this is it ' s practised in the sense that if you ' re at home minding the child who we would otherwise have to pay then you ' re no but wait wait wait yeah but you don ' t but then you ' re what ' s what i don ' t like about it is it
691. of any baby whether they ' re eating ribs or not get a baby to photograph oh christ i don ' t know what it ' s even doing it ' s eating a rib that ' s a child it looks like a kid that ' s a child right whatever i don ' t think people should be allowed to show their babies around in public yeah erm cool but it was fun? it was kit
692. not get a baby to photograph oh christ i don ' t know what it ' s even doing it ' s eating a rib that ' s a child it looks like a kid that ' s a child right whatever i don ' t think people should be allowed to show their babies around in public yeah erm cool but it was fun? it was kit was kind of fun like i wasn ' t like
693. ll grow er no but y but the thing is that that percentile thing is really is genuinely really accurate so so we were all like yeah you know he ' s like he ' s an illegitimate child but at least he ' ll be tall and everything ' ll be fine but then then he came out with these with these erm with these with these statistics that he ' s gonna be super fucking short
694. ' ll be tall of course he ' ll be ' s super tall and like really er you know he ' s gonna be a midget he ' s fucking small and just like who is this child? er feed him ribs he ' ll grow big strong no i i i di don ' t know i ' m a bit worried to be honest you think done the dirty on? fuck no i don
696. like spoiled like sort of like vain glorious like little perfect brother yeah vain glorious glorious in my vanity yeah but yeah it ' s definitely like mm which one were you? sorry? were you the perfect child or like the naughty? other one naughty one naughty you were naughty and perfect simultaneously cos you we ' re a boy i was called bamm - bamm which is pretty cool yeah you were called
699. yes and er you just back off themself you know they don ' t yeah well if you think bin laden was mm d from saudi arabia yeah exactly yeah u he he was a spoilt child wasn ' t he? he was like ah i ' ll just have a bit of an adventure just go there fighting in afghanistan wow it ' s er i shocking yeah i think middle east is g always
700. with you for a matter of moments i said don ' t you remember like the live aid you know that was only a few years ago and their campaign was the fact that you know in africa a child dies every three seconds uh mm she like yeah oh yeah i ' d forgotten all about that i ' m thinking well yeah like out of sight out of mind that ' s the problem isn ' t it
701. looking after their family yeah but maybe you kind of like you know maybe eventually were you a tomboy at all when you were young? i was yeah i was quite badly as a as a small child i didn ' t in what way? i didn ' t my mum would have to fight me into a dress i never wore a dress i ' ve got a really distinct memory of hiding underneath the living
704. ' d approach it oh he ' s made some friends yeah he doesn ' t erm he stands up for himself doesn ' t he? good he doesn ' t he ' s not a horrible child at all you know he ' s he ' s yeah of course he ' s caring and thoughtful and that but erm if someone kicks him or hits him he ' ll hit them back he wouldn '
705. how that happens ah but to a certain degree it doesn ' t happen because even when you ' re old if you get into something new you take it on just like you did when you were a child you could get into karate or something and really go for it i guess so yeah so new found love of golf yeah so you can still get into things and be passionate about things i think it ' s
706. if it ' s just an age thing ah it ' s i mean age plays definitely a part it ' s definitely age it ' s definitely age but i think that ' s the enthusiasm in a child something else part of it as well as cos you ' ve done it to death i ' m not sure that i ' d enjoy playing with dolls and dressing them and all of that now that '
709. it will it will be the most carefully planned trip because i think we will need erm contact of sorts careful no it ' s not the safest part of the world is it? when a child gets hurt it ' s definitely not are you comfy down there? i ' m alright yeah ah look at that grandad with a pipe are you getting hungry? we all had dinner have we?
710. the rest yeah and then you know she didn ' t sort of understand the kind of whole thing but that ' s the idea isn ' t it? that you can talk you can talk to a child about feelings and stuff but the clever ones are the ones that appeal to the adult as well yeah they are that ' s right well despicable me has a lot of like little hidden jokes dome '
715. it? this all getting egg - stremely silly stop saying egg ah no i egg - stremely like saying egg you do not need salt for everything no no just the tomato says the child that likes all the salt mm both of you you need to have some cucumber c mm u m b e r cucumber c u say that again c c u m b e r you
717. stuff won ' t they? yeah i guess they um they have loads and loads of cha they have man multiple changes in per day yeah so um it ' s not like a sort of older um child maybe or not a teenager where they would only need like one thing to wear or uh plus plus the school school uniforms and i don ' t know everyone likes a bit costume change lady gaga style yeah i
718. for years spam? mm i used to actually yes but it might be a bit different to what i used to well i don ' t know i haven ' t had it since i was a child spam well exactly yeah it ' s a lot better as well didn ' t even know you could buy it now yeah you know how oh it ' s a very big staple food you know how everyone
719. really dull american english it was were you? it ' s the kind of english i learned american american is that why you say water sorry i ' m going to kill you i lived in as a child and when i was about thirteen we were well er went down to ah to school and oh i didn ' t half get my leg pulled at erm school down there after coming from what? for your
720. and it ' s new he he n he he got that not so long ago um but there ' s loads look i don ' t even know what mattress you ' re supposed to have for a child there ' s loads hm i recommend the visco - latex ones they ' re so comfortable these are the mattress types open sprung po pocket sprung memory foam latex that is that the one you just
722. bad days he was having twenty so if it ' s a cod grated cheese orange juice and crushed cornflakes oh yes it ' s on there ' s a recipe in there mm if your child gets excited at the prospect of fish put it in in a desert yeah and you never got excited about fish i was never any good at that is somebody thinking about waking up down there? dunno yet
725. his er his partner ' s she said no i ' m going home so they all had to get in the minibus and off they went so at three am er his mother is looking after the child back at the house and er at three am the partner says i ' m a little bit worried about him so his mother goes off looking for him and an uncle had found him and and he was in
726. off he ran off he ' s in his late twenty twenties but i don ' t want to go home yet i ' m staying we need to iron your shirt what what i learnt from being a child was yep when sorry the greatest start to a sentence that what i learnt when i was when when someone says i think it ' s about time we go home it is about time we go home time we
727. ve both got it on mm oh right so you need one of those yeah what do you mean not really? you like them don ' t you? no i ' d do the same as a child i hated it i really hated it wow oh yes i ' m gonna oh gosh stretchy ice cream glutinous how is it? different do you want some? um yeah do you want
740. that ' s it they don ' t even they don ' t say anything and yet the kids going like you see them walking around and the woman ' s christmas shopping and she ' s pulling the child ' s pulling the coat or something oh and they ' re like mum mum oh god mum and i ' d just be like are you fucking haven ' t seen your fucking child no do you know what
742. oh god mum and i ' d just be like are you fucking haven ' t seen your fucking child no do you know what i mean? i ' m thinking why are you not talking to that child? because i will talk to that child i will shout at them and then i just don ' t get it and like when i see er come on come on and they grab the wrist of the child
743. be like are you fucking haven ' t seen your fucking child no do you know what i mean? i ' m thinking why are you not talking to that child? because i will talk to that child i will shout at them and then i just don ' t get it and like when i see er come on come on and they grab the wrist of the child come on come on like this and they
744. ? because i will talk to that child i will shout at them and then i just don ' t get it and like when i see er come on come on and they grab the wrist of the child come on come on like this and they ' re like going and i ' m thinking and the child ' s like thr and i ' m like that would not be my child like that would not
745. get it and like when i see er come on come on and they grab the wrist of the child come on come on like this and they ' re like going and i ' m thinking and the child ' s like thr and i ' m like that would not be my child like that would not be my child i honestly my child i wanna be able to do this to my child cos this
753. it heroin? ammonia or silicon embolism what? i ' m surprised that ' s all he fucking had though to be completely honest he ' s probably dead now i swear it ' s like child balls that ' s the balls that children have seem like you know a lot about that stick my coat on then well no but that ' s not man ' s balls body ' s shrivelling up
754. because what they ' re seen as if you take if you put teachers on strike the first thing that they say when you s you speak for the general public is what am i going to do for child care mm mm i ' m going to have to take time off work i ' m going to and when you put that into the equation then someone some unions will turn round and say that teaching is basically
755. m going to have to take time off work i ' m going to and when you put that into the equation then someone some unions will turn round and say that teaching is basically a glorified child child care then why do we do all of this training and all this work to try and improve ourselves? just say open at page seventy - seven yeah if that ' s what they want they do just
756. going to have to take time off work i ' m going to and when you put that into the equation then someone some unions will turn round and say that teaching is basically a glorified child child care then why do we do all of this training and all this work to try and improve ourselves? just say open at page seventy - seven yeah if that ' s what they want they do just want
758. from here down down to and er they ' ve been living there for about three years now yeah and we bumped into the girl and er she just sort of went oh it was lovely we used to child mind her yeah we used to look after her that ' s good and er i can ' t believe it she was just up for the weekend and for the rare visit we go to we bump into her
759. some cases that that ' s what they do and last resorts let ' s face it they go onto drugs mm you know you know if if par i ' m sorry but if parents know that their child is taking drugs shouldn ' t something be done about it? huh well i should ' ve thought so yeah but it ' s okay for him to do it at weekends as long as he doesn ' t
760. but yeah i d i do know what you mean by when you say mm the younger sister has it hardest cos like she was so mean to me see my sister was younger sister and the middle child so she felt a bit oh left out of things yeah because my brother was like the favourite cos he was the youngest and yeah i was the eldest yeah it ' s always the way mm yeah i
761. ? greenfly and yeah that sort of stuff? kills most bugs it says mummy by appointment to the queen mm i ' m not sure that is quite what i wanted organic rose and shrub food ah child and pet safe wow it ' s got mycorrhiza fungi for bigger roots mama oh right animal by - products fermentation residues from pharmaceutical production yeah plant material derived from food and feedstuff
763. it ' s really real competitive job - wise and there are only three universities in korea that are sort of like worth going to mm erm and basically you ' re told pretty much from like a child that if you don ' t get into this university you you ' re not worth that you ' re not worth wow wow which is kind of that ' s i mean it ' s university ' s all
764. ? which is nice yeah i would i wouldn ' t feel bad to look like my dad as a like even as a boy because he was a really pretty boy so what pretty boy as in pretty child or pretty young adult? young man like pretty child oh yeah he ' s really now he ' s ugly now but i mean he was a really cute like kid i would i would be proud to have
765. t feel bad to look like my dad as a like even as a boy because he was a really pretty boy so what pretty boy as in pretty child or pretty young adult? young man like pretty child oh yeah he ' s really now he ' s ugly now but i mean he was a really cute like kid i would i would be proud to have a son that looked like ah i would like get
766. schools here they have breakfast clubs apparently yeah mm they call it wraparound care so that they can go to breakfast club and then they can go to afternoon after school club yeah so you could drop a child off at eight o ' clock yeah until six o ' clock which if you ' ve got strange isn ' t it? well i think it ' s there if you ' ve if you are a working
769. have this amount but then they have a thing called pupil premium which then gives as school more money and that ' s based completely on the number of free school meals cos they think if for every child that needs free school meals then obviously they have to give a bit of extra money because there obviously there ' s gonna be some kind of extra need that they might mm need to have so then that '
770. you ' re not eligible? yeah are you sure you ' re not eligible? mm cos then they get it ' s a huge amount of extra money you get oh like thousands and thousands per child these dogs are gonna miss this floor when we go back how come this house is so warm when the fire ' s not on then? is it just come from the floor? yeah yeah can you switch
774. no and that i thought yeah that ' s true yeah yes erm but er i know there were lots of people around hello darling oh go go go go oh yes and and as you know a child very well you don ' t always understand them at three yeah erm yeah erm erm cos it ' s just the the inflection and and the way they say it the way yeah
777. the time and just get him used to that or going a slightly different ways erm just to get him used to that right it ' s a it is it is quite hard with a with a child like that i should think because he ' s got in his way he ' s got very firm ideas of what is normal yeah in fact erm and erm yes and i can now tell he '
779. at certain points of children ' s lives with some children when you realise that that ' s the child you ' ve got if you see what i mean yeah so you look for ways of helping that child fit into that nature cos it ' s not going to change but there ' s erm ways to tto cope with it yeah i know but erm erm yeah okay look i ' ll
780. and so it made quite a big difference i think mm i dunno i mean n i just had the it us but er d because because most of us want to do the best for the particular child that we ' ve got you know yeah erm it ' s not it ' s not that we are sort of erm pushing them in a direction against their nature yeah we want to go with their
781. neptune that was made before like there ' s a song which we a did the moves to mm which was from before that pluto came out cos it looks so it look like was made by like child like what do you mean before pluto came out before people knew about pluto? yeah was it in in was it originally in a song then? erm no pluto wasn ' t in the song then it
782. frighten me yeah but the scary rides are easy you just sit there i had to make i had to make the erm the m what is it? the big wheel stop when i was a child and they had to bring me down cos i went fucking ape shit and frightened the other children oh no you wanna come to do you wanna come to thorpe park on friday with other adults? yeah i
783. you when you talk about like having having people who who who who sort of have done those things before and you look look towards like all that e all the examples that i can think of as a child were were like the professions basically like so all of my parents ' you know friends and who they were and and like all like no one was a like there were one or two musicians who were like classical
784. are kind of i d i dunno what it is about them that i hate it ' s that i don ' t like that it ' s i think i i hated sundays when i was a child for some reason like i hated sunday dinners when i was little mm yeah when i was really young i hated them and that kind of tur and sunday was a day that nobody did anything in our house
785. them with your eyes shut yes yeah yeah i still really want to go to lego land let ' s go some time i ' m not sure that ' s acceptable i ' ll have to find a child you can just go you ' re allowed are you? yeah they ' ll let you in oh i ' ve got two for one in lego land i think and alton towers wh smith gave me a
786. mother over here it ' s her daughter ' s birthday and there ' s loads of little girls and they ' re having their you know birthday party in upstairs which i think is sort of the least child - friendly place yeah and she ' s taking so many photos on her big expensive camera which i presume she ' s gonna put on facebook and show all her friends and family you know how what a
788. i think she ' s always been quite able to mm you know hold a lucid conversation even at a young age so mm mm mm yeah i think it erm if you ' re an only child mm i think it helps if you are always yeah around adults it helps mm yeah whereas kids who grow up with brothers and sisters stay younger ah because they are left to their own devices they don ' t
789. younger ah because they are left to their own devices they don ' t have any they don ' t have any as much adult contact because they have each other interesting whereas if you ' re an only child or there ' s huge age gaps between siblings yeah nine and a half years between me and my brother mm yeah if there ' s a huge age gap then you would spend more time with adults i think
793. for two weeks it ' s two and a half thousand pounds woah to send how much of that do you see? erm one child yeah er well i see one child yeah i get one child to pay yeah uhu that ' s crazy erm for a month and a lot of them come for a month five thousand pounds wow no discount for doing extra? no discount for doing it longer no
795. we had a team meeting last week me him and on what? and by the end of it he was flagging he ' s a bit ' s hilarious he ' s a bit like a a child but after like an hour or so he gets a bit bored and his attention span fades mm and he starts you know like playing on his phone and stuff he ' s like so what do we do now
796. like to write down all the action stuff he ' s like yes i have to remember to do all of this i said yes you do go and go and do some work he ' s like a child it ' s so funny he needs looking after so do you? what do you deal with? south africa india? no mother we at the moment at the moment which i didn ' t expect at all
800. i remember big goal guy yeah yeah massive guy yeah he erm hung himself while his child was he was with his child he said i ' m just going out to the garage to get something his child went out to see where he was about ten minutes later and found him and found him still alive like oh right squirming on the on the the hangman ' s noose and er ran
801. i could have gone who ' s that? that ' s the closest mothercare there ' s one in around have you been in aldi lately? you know they ' ve got a load of child er stuff there yeah probably while we ' re there i wanna go in and have a look at that seat because it ' s so only got it yesterday i dunno what yeah they ' ve got a
804. really annoying i know it is see you ' re getting it already you ' re getting that kinda clingclingy kind of like i wanna hold the ipad thing like a little like a little child oh aren ' t you? you see? you just want it don ' t you? you wanna you just wanna play with it yourself it ' s it ' s but no it ' s it '
805. the ipad is killing the art of conversation who said that? well because you ' ve just been sat there looking at it look at look at you you ' re like a you ' re like a child an addicted child no i ' m not yes you are i ' m doing erm online research effectively while still pleasant in company oh oh this is so annoying ah oh you look do you wanna see our
806. killing the art of conversation who said that? well because you ' ve just been sat there looking at it look at look at you you ' re like a you ' re like a child an addicted child no i ' m not yes you are i ' m doing erm online research effectively while still pleasant in company oh oh this is so annoying ah oh you look do you wanna see our sunset sequence?
807. she didn ' t wanna put that on and really right cos he ' s you know he ' s er he he ' s should be able to look after himself you know who ' s the child in this situation? n none of them are children but you know who ' s the el who ' s the parent? yeah so yes i expect he just thinks you know er er er he ' s
810. she walks in the front mm mm the children are are like down the r in the middle of road mm yeah yeah she ' s right in the front yeah and you you how can you watch a child like that? i mean this is this i this is a quiet road but y sometimes you have idiots who just storm down yeah and they don ' t care well it yeah doesn ' t matter if they
812. else i think that ' s that ' s still just a tiny sliver of the population and you know if you want that it ' s well it was the last government that took away the the child bonus wasn ' t it because yeah you think like yeah you put a thousand pounds into the bank and by the time they go in to do university or finish school yeah yeah that ' ll be a nice
813. tags on so you just pick clothes up find a name and chuck it on their bed and and they were the funniest kids i ' ve ever met in my life we that ' s a child ' s name begin with c yeah and he would be sat on his bed and not fold any of his clothes and we ' d throw clothes at him and the pile would be bigger than him like by
817. iif he ' s like if he ' s working towards a show or anyhow your mum ' s happy? yeah that ' s the main thing and he ' s a proper age not a child oh well that ' s all excellent child well don ' t forget from where i stand er anybody under fifty ' s a child and as i have yet to meet meet a grown up man in my life
818. ' s working towards a show or anyhow your mum ' s happy? yeah that ' s the main thing and he ' s a proper age not a child oh well that ' s all excellent child well don ' t forget from where i stand er anybody under fifty ' s a child and as i have yet to meet meet a grown up man in my life erm i ' m certainly i have
819. ' s the main thing and he ' s a proper age not a child oh well that ' s all excellent child well don ' t forget from where i stand er anybody under fifty ' s a child and as i have yet to meet meet a grown up man in my life erm i ' m certainly i have yet to meet a grown up artist yeah there was a big meeting at the yesterday which
822. was he was only tiny but yeah should have stuck the he ' s just when they ' re gripped yeah when they ' re open he he isn ' t the easiest er he is not the easiest child to to to like have or he wasn ' t his hair done or anything like that but he was he ' s a great kid he really is isn ' t he? yeah but er he didn '
823. yeah he ' s had alzheimer ' s and all sorts of other health issues and has been going downhill steadily for a couple of years so yeah that ' s very sad and she ' s an only child so it ' s been really hard on her you know being the primary carer yeah yeah erm i tell you what ' s weird though erm a little like a month or two before her mum
824. ##y at all no that ' s fine it ' s worth it yeah like i ' d pay more er and the but the judges today were telling me about this new policy it ' s like the child benefit policy mm if you have a second child in poland you get five hundred złoty per month for that child right er er dependent on your income er no no no not dependent on your income
831. ' s what i was i saying i feel like ah do you remember people not being on the phone? no i ' m not on the phone i can remember people used i can remember as a child we used to say are you on the phone? yeah when you wanted to know whether they had their asking that are you on the phone are you on the phone and then and then yeah do you have
832. you were the mother of two little girls when you told me this joke shame on you yeah i know yeah mum what ' s this what ' s i don ' t even remember there was a small child going into the jungle into into the woods with a man and she says oh i ' m scared i don ' t like it it ' s dark he says what about me i ' ve got to come
833. has anyone done that? oh i i want it all yeah you know demanding elder child yeah um there ' s this which is quite nice ooh that does look rather delish well try it and see mm i ' ll just have one just to taste oh no i ' m gonna have
834. it worry you no but also at the same time this year i ' m thirty mm i don ' t wanna live in a house share like i don ' t wanna sound like a petulant child but no i know i know what you mean i wanna place to make my own i know i know so it ' s hard mm i don ' t know what the best thing to do is but at
838. ' s like but it ' s not an actual electric shock like you can hold yeah it just like bolts you yeah it ' s really weird i was always i was really afraid of them as a child cos i thought if you threw something at then the electricity would get you so i used to have i once was in a house where you could see the fen electric fence from under the doorway so i
839. i guess all my brothers were to an extent but like now he lives with his girlfriend in he ' s got a games room it ' s like just like exactly like his bedroom when he was a child like filled with like pizza boxes and like plates and like playing playstation what so they cut - out the huh? the charlie ' s angel cut - out from the cincinema? oh yeah he
840. know like mice can breed within like forty - eight hours of being born or something really? oh that ' s fucked up cos we used to i remember having it shut up like as a like child having hamsters and suddenly one day you ' ve just got like sixteen hamsters literally cos they ' re like go in the sawdust and then they all just start fucking breeding and then you like
841. doesn ' t he just doesn ' t really acknowledge you it ' s really bizarre like a holiday? fine that ' s the weird thing he ' s just very peculiar it is peculiar what a strange child mm well he ' s not even a child he ' s a man child he ' s thirty years old doesn ' t look thirty years old but he is wow i ' d hope to be doing something
842. acknowledge you it ' s really bizarre like a holiday? fine that ' s the weird thing he ' s just very peculiar it is peculiar what a strange child mm well he ' s not even a child he ' s a man child he ' s thirty years old doesn ' t look thirty years old but he is wow i ' d hope to be doing something else when i ' m thirty years old that
843. bizarre like a holiday? fine that ' s the weird thing he ' s just very peculiar it is peculiar what a strange child mm well he ' s not even a child he ' s a man child he ' s thirty years old doesn ' t look thirty years old but he is wow i ' d hope to be doing something else when i ' m thirty years old that sounds really horrible but talk about
844. council do? they provide her with a flat just six just sixteen she ' s going to be so and you think who in their infinite wisdom thinks that ' s appropriate how is that safeguarding this child? i mean she was a nightmare but there has to be a better way than that so she was actually alright in school because she knew where the boundaries were but we had lots of kids coming from mainstream
845. ? snory snore such a sweety look at him right well well i ' ve got a scarecrow to make for tonight have you? a scarecrow cake to make for a child ' s birthday on saturday ah i will i will leave you to your scarecrow or do you need a hand? no i ' m sort of quite dog no i ' ll take him for a walk
847. i don ' t even mean it from like er oh those children are gonna go out and kill people but it ' s just like that ' s awful that ' s horrible graphics to show to a child like you wouldn ' t let them watch a film that had like murders and violence and but it ' s er more immersive that ' s that ' s the problem isn ' t it? like
849. bit much isn ' t it? cos you ' ve er erm if you ' ve got your father all day and at home as well for two whole years because was she was an only child as well wasn ' t she? mm mm so she yeah she it was just her yeah but i was i mean it it has happened because well it ' s just the way it worked out cos
850. it? faster the longer he ' s out the faster he gets he ' s so cute we ' re gonna get one a ginger one oh fucking hell can ' t keep up are they taking the child away? no they asked him to stay inside cos there ' s a paedophile coming there ' s a paedophile coming look he ' s so fast he ' s cute but i really
851. and was like yeah i think so like they they just they were obviously would you not know that she wrapped it for you? well i don ' t they were obviously more suited to a younger yeah child like she just got you that? oh and some other things but yeah that they were the o that was the present that really stood out it was awful and my nan used to go to the market and
852. the day yeah i felt really heavy like i was i dunno yeah under water or something yeah it was really strange like yeah really felt just heavy like oh and it yeah we did like basically the child walk or whatever we did yeah and it was like phew there were like middle aged men powering off in front of us with sticks and stuff but yeah i ' m glad we took it easy we
853. wanted yeah to know everything yeah er you know? er erm but i do remember playing in mud and climbing trees but when mm came round she said to my mum er was was a really active child? and my mum no she no couldn ' t get him away from the record player i i don ' t think it was that i d but i did used to wanna listen to records all the time
861. which erm you see there ' s what? kid info there ' s a kid info where you see your kids when they were babies and in it there was one where erm like every single child ' s running towards the camera? yeah and going towards the camera like this no running towards the camera cos they can walk by then yeah it ' s like starting from a baby and then getting older
862. ' m just like yes i just love being home alone mm mm mm it sounds really strange doesn ' t it? but not but it like i think it ' s at feeling like feeling like a child again like freedom yeah it ' s just relaxing especially living with family and which is s is absolutely fine yeah erm but it is nice to cos i don ' t get the house to myself that
863. the table? and can i have some water? that ' s pretty much the extent of my german that ' s good that ' s useful so yeah you can tell that i learnt it from a child so yeah that ' s not it yeah well they say like you have to have a certain brain for it yeah or like so yeah i i dunno if that ' s actually true but well my sister
864. m going cycling i was like great okay dad oh that ' s nice like i took it off to recover not really for his birthday yeah but it was kind of like made me look good as a child yeah i was going for daughter of the year and it just failed it was like oh get in the good books yeah exactly see he ' s i guess he ' s you still get him like presents and
865. i didn ' t i mean these days grandparents seem to play ever such a big part in the kids ' lives i can ' t understand it well i know why well money isn ' t it? child minding yeah convenience mm but they never did i mean the i my my erm we had a great aunt my grandmother ' s sissister she used to come she was spinster and she used
867. tail like a peacock but brown grey oo it looks like a peahen oh look at those steps oh they ' re cool anyway shall we er? again they seem smaller than when i was a child yes that ' s one good shall i er?
876. mind listening to yourself? erm at first i hated it yeah i can ' t stand i sounded like a frog i ' ve got a really horrible voice and then erm i sound like a child i ' m so squeaky no you ' re not you are quite small you ' re not expected to have a bellowing you know baritone okay can we stop? ah ' s down here oh she
877. other mums or and so that kind of thing that ' s where i might fall down don ' t think they ' d want conversation with me and every day would they? no no unfortunately the child must be over eighteen to give consent mm mm but can be there when he ' s in the room when you ' re in the room when it ' s the adults talking he ' s there and you
880. ##athlon guy wasn ' t there? he did the triathlon that was recently that was recently but there wasn ' t any people who actually visited er? there was erm a lady who sponsored a child who went out for a coupla weeks that ' s it was that it? yeah and how did that go? yeah fine i mean that s could be part of the video as well as them?
883. of yeah get a bit of a better idea i would ' ve thought but erm but no i think that ' s reasonable i mean how many kids d i mean how many ss toys does a child need? well exactly in england you look at them i know it ' s it is ridiculous completely i mean i know i had lots of toys when i was a kid but and you don ' t they
886. lot free and i guess what ' s saying is that if he can build something for all different types of parents yeah where they can have quite a minimal kind of like erm supervision yeah of their child ' s devices some parents are very strict will wanna see a lot more information yeah or there could be real reason why there could be something genuinely going on with that child where they ' ve been acting a
887. erm supervision yeah of their child ' s devices some parents are very strict will wanna see a lot more information yeah or there could be real reason why there could be something genuinely going on with that child where they ' ve been acting a bit mm yeah like oh wow i hope he ' s alright or what ' s he actually been doing now or what ' s he getting into? did you see that
893. they so but you can always put that thing on to to actually say you know erm when they come and inspect you yeah isn ' t it? well they used to inspect us when we were child minding anyway didn ' t they? yeah yeah yeah but that ' s diff little bit different there ' s people are different aren ' t they? yeah children you know yeah you you know you
894. was walking their car i know right that was so stupid i know they should ' ve just walked why was they walking their car? yyou ' re thinking too much no it well i was a child and i thought that so i thought you ' re not supposed to think i know exactly so i thought no so did you? what about the? did you watch top cat? top cat no oh okay
895. ' s not very ac she ' s not very academic and i think she probably got erm some k i think she ' s got some kind of learning disability really but she ' s a strange child and all of ' s children have quirky hang - ups really one way and another mm so erm it ' s er or at least i don ' t or whether is making heavy weather of it
896. cos she was cheating so badly and blatantly he was like we can ' t let her get away with that that ' s terrible it ' s was just like no she ' s a child and then and then she wrote to us she wrote to us to say thank you for the weekend she said i was particularly pleased to win at croquet was like yes didn ' t we didn '
897. united came to play in the in the the fa cup all the manchester united ran from one street to the other through woolworths via the tops of the counters i remember seeing them as a small child these excellent people leaping from counter to counter and some of them were falling on the floor quite exciting really yeah oops since i never went to any football matches i had no idea what football supporters got up
898. ' re privatizing that as well? he ' s got a funny old face hasn ' t he? i think he ' s been been lo locked up locked up in an attic as a child for a while but he ' s horrible isn ' t he? oh he ' s just i just really dislike the man anyway michael gove um said that he wants universities to set a levels like t
899. like for the right reasons but then somebody like is probably you know like if you buy something and you think you ' re doing that for the right reasons there ' s probably some sort of like some child might have do you know what i mean? it ' s always something something bad from that there ' s always something like and that ' s the thing about the palm oil as well so you think you
900. the front door and that ' s the kitchen and encourage you to walk so they were well prepared with the camera up there erm you is that you? uhu you were always a lively happy child yes you were and had a great laugh and a sense of humour a fantasti you ' ve had you you ' ve still got your imagination your wonderful imagination erm well you drew little monsters all
901. your nana we both yeah you but one is we we both had one ye but er all the grannies in all had one that ' s right i just thought cos it ' s a a child ' s toy and i thought what a wonderful thing at the time so i got it actually erm ah i remember that i remember that what is that? it ' s a stingray just ignore me
902. that ' s a lovely little village yeah it is we went for a party there last week yeah we went to a twenty - first twenty - first one one of the children we used to ch to child mind oh i remember i remember where they lived i remember where they lived on the bend on the bend there yeah yeah yeah i remember the house yeah you remember? oh yeah did we come and see you
903. but the second album ' s completely different and awful but i didn ' t really realize this until after i ' d bought it well what was the programme called? lizzie mcguire she was a tv a child tv star in a programme called lizzie mcguire right um and you know like disney channel type thing mm then she became a singer and she ' s just vile and awful no she was a singer first she wasn
905. it they did it they did it they did do it why would they do it though? if they did it they did it they did accidently drugged her sometimes you just don ' t like the child but it wasn ' t premeditated i don ' t think so they did it i don ' t think they did they did do it what they accidently drugged her and then hid the body yeah
906. ? yeah what are they called? chucky they ' re called chucky is that what they ' re called? no no doll um doll killer doll? mm oh i dunno and those kids child play child ' s er mm child play? child ' s play yeah that ' s it yeah mm and those kids said they watched horror movies all the time and that was their favourite and then they went
907. what are they called? chucky they ' re called chucky is that what they ' re called? no no doll um doll killer doll? mm oh i dunno and those kids child play child ' s er mm child play? child ' s play yeah that ' s it yeah mm and those kids said they watched horror movies all the time and that was their favourite and then they went out and
908. chucky they ' re called chucky is that what they ' re called? no no doll um doll killer doll? mm oh i dunno and those kids child play child ' s er mm child play? child ' s play yeah that ' s it yeah mm and those kids said they watched horror movies all the time and that was their favourite and then they went out and they killed that little kid
909. ' re called chucky is that what they ' re called? no no doll um doll killer doll? mm oh i dunno and those kids child play child ' s er mm child play? child ' s play yeah that ' s it yeah mm and those kids said they watched horror movies all the time and that was their favourite and then they went out and they killed that little kid you remember?
910. sitting around with their tits hang out at not not on this tv you can ' t not but er my point is in most places you can mm like any time of the day yeah but you get child locks yeah but how many people? you can block them you really think a lot of people do that? yeah if you ' ve got kids of cause you ' re gonna block all the channels yeah?
911. were like oh you know they ' ve captured this guy who ' s supposed to have i mean there was things that this guy ' s supposed to have done this army guy you know like killed a child and whatever but basically there was this footage on the news and before they put they said oh by the way this might be slightly upsetting and it was like this man strung up from a tree and you
912. that i wasn ' t allowed to watch them or something and that that made me frustrated um yeah uh but i remember films like things like the jungle book could really really fascinate me as a child uh yeah that was my favourite one of my faves when i was younger in fact i got like the um i ' ve showed you it haven ' t i i ' ve got like the special collector
913. film but um no i really love the the the comedy uh like ar animate um football game in the middle of that bedknobs and broomsticks oh when i saw it as a child i liked it is there an under the sea bit? yeah there is there is an under sea there ' s some things i that i really should ' ve seen it ' s it was like it was
914. not personally necessarily because erm the hospitals covered a wide wide area including at that time oh yes so i would contact the local speech and language therapists and ask them to do some work with a child if necessary erm but the results erm were very much better in the later years i worked there for ten years in the early years there was a type of surgery which erm left a very good
916. various teats as you probably know yes yes various ones developed for for cleft children but erm the surgeon i worked with was closing the front of the cleft very very early right so the child would have a normal hard palate to press the the tongue tip against right yes erm they used to make plates to put into sometimes didn ' t they to close erm the front palate?
917. you did you ' re the tax man you don ' t know what the books look like but we we had erm at the time we had the goats mum does it all goats business yeah and child minding so we did pay a bit of the tax three books three books yeah three three lots of books to do three businesses mm that ' s right yeah we were thinking if we do freelance stuff you
918. ' t they yeah they ' re they really helped us along mm mm they really did told us how much you can you you can claim for and the lot mm they wrote a business thing for the child minders and they give you a whole list of don ' t forget to claim for like toiletries and things like that as well you know yeah? yeah yeah don ' t forget to claim for but
919. be with no one else in the whole school was called not one of them i love as a name though cos it ' s i know but i i love it now but i think as a child i wanted to be shirley or she she her mother got it mary it was the first was first no it ' s it ' s after but it yes mm erm yeah but er but comes in in
920. snakes is a snake yes they ' re grass snakes but but it ' s a a non but er the adder is the only stinging snake er yes but i mean either snake it could a small child pardon? if there were lots and lots of snakes in ireland in this country it could kill a small child mm and people people but it probably wouldn ' t very rarely it ' s more of a metaphor
921. adder is the only stinging snake er yes but i mean either snake it could a small child pardon? if there were lots and lots of snakes in ireland in this country it could kill a small child mm and people people but it probably wouldn ' t very rarely it ' s more of a metaphor for getting on get stung by adders cos they ' re very shy pagan basically i ' ve s
925. can do it against a wall no problem yeah but not it ' s really hard yeah i ' ve never been able to do like cartwheels and stuff like that though even when i was a child i couldn ' t do them mm i could i used to be able to do cartwheels and handstands and i used to be able to do headstands but i can ' t anymore
927. who want books of like the kids that are in your class who are being like abused by their parents and mm stuff like that and they literally don ' t hold back i had like five or six child protection meetings and the shit they came up in that i literally had no faith left in humanity in the end oh oh oh it was horrible and she was saying just teaching just in your one school? yeah
928. the equivalent to a masters writing your paper yeah yeah and the first time i was in they brought up like a boy school and this was like a grammar school yeah as well the woman that was doing child protection classes was saying like all of these things that she ' s talking about and all had come from experiences that she had personally had as a teacher not just ah okay in this school but in other schools
929. like in my boys ' school they know their parents like if they hit them a little bit they know their parents aren ' t gonna complain or anything no we ' re meant to be looking after this child and then the most common form of punishment now is just putting them in like different stress permissions and which we had to do eventually they spend i mean like even from primary school though from a really young
930. kids decides to get up and walk out the class like at no point can you interfere with that like you can ' t grab the kid you cannot at any point shut the door while you and the child are there you can ' t trap you and your child in there you can ' t stand in the doorway because that ' s seen as like predatory mm you can ' t chase the kid down to his
932. oh my god that ' s so mean oh yeah i know really? that ' s stuff to go to the playground i suppose that yeah that ' s beetles wing - cases oh was that your best child impression? that was pretty good i think yeah he oh god i haven ' t dealt with that in a long time have you finished with this? yeah do you want a little bit more bread? no
933. left during it but the most of them stuck with it it may be a bit awkward for us to like i just sat there like like what are you doing? mm what are you saying to your child right now about what ' s going on here? what are your subtitles saying? that ' s so that that scene on the quay was just like cos this is nothing to do with in the
938. when they ' re five yeah iiinfant mortality in so you think that for the aver some countries doesn ' t count counts towards mortality yeah this is what i ' m saying so a child that dies is infant mortality because if if yeah i don ' t think it counts i don ' t think that any death before thirty can count i reckon it i reckon it ' s because if you die
939. pretty like mid to late twenties he had two kids two kids with him and they picked up like one book each now you can have like up to thirty books or something on a library account for a child and er oh wow yeah i know it ' s insane and he was like how much are these? no he was like do you take card? and i was like oh i think we do but i
941. the whole of weekend is peak yeah well that ' s what i thought i was sure it was gonna be really expensive which probably cos it ' s out of term time unless they charge you like child price no cos i asked for a student or a normal or something well why? you should have just asked for a child well cos i ' m clearly not a child you say clearly but that
942. cos it ' s out of term time unless they charge you like child price no cos i asked for a student or a normal or something well why? you should have just asked for a child well cos i ' m clearly not a child you say clearly but that ' s not tru you did walk into that one yeah yeah yeah but yeah depends if a child ' s classed as fourteen
943. they charge you like child price no cos i asked for a student or a normal or something well why? you should have just asked for a child well cos i ' m clearly not a child you say clearly but that ' s not tru you did walk into that one yeah yeah yeah but yeah depends if a child ' s classed as fourteen or under i think you could get away with being
944. just asked for a child well cos i ' m clearly not a child you say clearly but that ' s not tru you did walk into that one yeah yeah yeah but yeah depends if a child ' s classed as fourteen or under i think you could get away with being a child yeah it depends where if it ' s twelve you might it might depend on the person twelve i can ' t do
945. clearly but that ' s not tru you did walk into that one yeah yeah yeah but yeah depends if a child ' s classed as fourteen or under i think you could get away with being a child yeah it depends where if it ' s twelve you might it might depend on the person twelve i can ' t do twelve but fourteen i reckon you could get away with that if you take your glasses off
946. ' s a very good point yeah but one of them ' s like forty and? so? cougar pervy old woman at the desk if i take my pants off can i have a child ' s fare? okay maybe don ' t think that maybe go with child or take your pants off i think that mixture might might not do the but oh my god oh dear no i won ' t
947. and? so? cougar pervy old woman at the desk if i take my pants off can i have a child ' s fare? okay maybe don ' t think that maybe go with child or take your pants off i think that mixture might might not do the but oh my god oh dear no i won ' t be doing that mm mm really annoying i can still feel my lip but i
948. father christmas? yeah that ' s exactly what it is mm and at some point after dinner he ' s gonna come? it should ' ve been before dinner i forgot to do it you send a child out to the front door to open the door and let him in and if there ' s a sstranger there you ' re meant to invite them in for dinner and sit them down at the table
950. ##oot well if you don ' t mind sharing the um aforementioned cake of course not and me putting it in my mouth just a little bit in the mouth huh oh huh oh huh so the boy the child rescheduled the child the date the child the child i mean er i just find that incredibly rude what is this about? incredibly rude work ethic well do you want this squash? oo this
952. the um aforementioned cake of course not and me putting it in my mouth just a little bit in the mouth huh oh huh oh huh so the boy the child rescheduled the child the date the child the child i mean er i just find that incredibly rude what is this about? incredibly rude work ethic well do you want this squash? oo this this one that ' s living here yes please
953. aforementioned cake of course not and me putting it in my mouth just a little bit in the mouth huh oh huh oh huh so the boy the child rescheduled the child the date the child the child i mean er i just find that incredibly rude what is this about? incredibly rude work ethic well do you want this squash? oo this this one that ' s living here yes please don '
954. old people have so he ' s actually considering having er something that you take in and out having a plate yeah mm is it just me that can ' t understand how anybody anybody? well as a child i wanted to have dentures cos i ' d seen my nan ' s dentures and in my head i ' m like but that ' s okay cos then you could eat all the sweets
956. just come home yeah yeah anyway they ' ve spoilt stonestonehenge by fencing it off i have been places i went to the erm erm mm where your grandfather grew up as a child oh yeah? i went and visited there our grandfather mm? our grandfather yeah yeah right but also your grandfather yeah would be and yours i know but some people use our when they ' re talking about themselves
957. they can retire into the television room and have the television on all the time yeah but they ' re very nice boys they are they ' re brilliant boys i suppose most of our friends have come through child minding really sorry? pardon? most of our friends have come through chchild minding yeah we haven ' t got that many friends oh right mm so you ' ve looked after the boys? mm
958. three three and again six six better stop i guess just one lone soldier altered his march there whose go now? mum what do you collect? nothing yeah you knew that of course i did you horror child oh taking glee in your mother ' s downfall of course anyone want an antihistamine? absolutely not no thanks unless they have some kind of effect they do oh i can feel it it means i
963. they? i can ' t move them around anyhow can i? well i guess i could well i no you couldn ' t you couldn ' t it ' s a bit stressful on the child though isn ' t it? if not with me it would be a bit difficult trying to move into a new property and trying to make do with not having very much but having a child as well it
988. into adoption? no should it just go be born because what ' s the alternative here? if you ' re saying they shouldn ' t adopt they shouldn ' t abort it what happens to these child these children? i just think nowadays when i know that there are circumstances where people just ignore it and they ' re too afraid to admit that they ' re expecting or whatever and then when they do it
989. enough vitamin d because of the sun cream? yeah that ' s what she said so we ' re seeing a lot of children coming in nowadays with these kind of things well do i look like a child that ' s not getting enough sun? is that your your answer? i ' m coming to you saying i have hip pains and knee pains she didn ' t even touch me that is ridiculous or have
1001. not you know well all parents like to get back to being adults though i find them tiring mm like they ' re really tiring oh god yeah and that ' s just to be around a child for a couple of hours i can ' t imagine doing what you ' re doing and i can ' t i can ' t and obviously therefore i know deep down that i ' m not a good parent
1003. academic route as opposed to the family family route haven ' t you? but maybe it ' s as you become because you ' ve postponed it a bit you start to develop these ideas of what a child should have a what a child a kind of environment that a child should be brought up in and then you start to look at yourself and think i can ' t provide that mm i can ' t do
1004. family family route haven ' t you? but maybe it ' s as you become because you ' ve postponed it a bit you start to develop these ideas of what a child should have a what a child a kind of environment that a child should be brought up in and then you start to look at yourself and think i can ' t provide that mm i can ' t do that and therefore how can i
1005. ? but maybe it ' s as you become because you ' ve postponed it a bit you start to develop these ideas of what a child should have a what a child a kind of environment that a child should be brought up in and then you start to look at yourself and think i can ' t provide that mm i can ' t do that and therefore how can i do that? i guess a big
1006. no perfect of course there isn ' t but and what is giving them everything? well i think a parent should be erm i think a parent should be educated enough to be able to teach their child important things simple things i think a parent should know how to cook quite well and i think a parent should know how to manage money very well and in and be social and and er numerous attributes like er
1046. what if let ' s not talk about because obviously you have a very close mm relationship with that you can ' t possibly look outside it mm let ' s talk about somebody else you look after a child from the age of zero to five and during that time you get massively subsidised for work you don ' t have to work many hours you could do your work at home but that '
1052. mhm one to teach french the other to teach italian one was french and one was italian and their kids grew up here and they were all doing some drinks at the bar and um er the one child i think started to say something in italian and he responded in english and then the mother s responded in french and they were all having like a three - way conversation with all in different languages and i just
1053. i mean obviously there are times when you sit down and play as well and you sit and you read but not be with all the time telling them what to do and that ' s just far too child intensive for me i do remember i have a memory of the sand pit we used to have out back here mm hm but for some reason the only memory i have of it is what it tasted like that
1054. back? me? yeah i did didn ' t what? you ' re supposed to be her best friend i know what were you arguing about? not the rent again? thought i was the good child what the hell were you arguing about now? oh it ' s nothing important just the tuition fees why is it you paid ' s? no and you ' re and you ' re not paying my have
1055. then the abdomen and then the thorax oh i don ' t know why i remember that or where i learnt that but yeah i was gonna ask i i ' ve known it since i was a child mm oh just did a little it looks kind of angry yeah it doesn ' t look too happy oh he ' s figured it out now he ' s forgot how to walk or something really need to stop
1056. do yeah from a really small size just literally care for each other mm they show them what they ' ve learnt yeah and they pass on the knowledge it ' s such a very strange concept being a child it ' s really weird you know what i mean? really strange you are literally in your own bubble you are and the adults are very much the adults an empty vessel mm you are complete and full you
1057. first instance em mm fantastic that ' s a great idea well i guess secondary education is different in nat by nature because you haven ' t just just got one the one teacher who knows about the whole child ' s development which is yeah fair enough across all the subjects i think yeah maybe of course it ' s secondary isn ' t it? yeah secondary you ' ve got a teacher for every subject but then
1058. church somewhere have er er booked the choir oh right yeah well we ' ve been told that we shouldn ' t book the choir because it erm this year their musical director was erm prosecuted for child molesting right? so a difficult one as to whether you ask oh dear you can ' t put them all in the same together but er he was actually prosecuted? yes yes oh right is he
1060. panda is considered a very attractive animal and not much larger than a house cat it would deem to be ideal for a pet there was reports of keeping red pandas as pets when she was a child probably most of india widespread adoption of these animals as pets has not been reported so no maybe there ' s a reason for that mm mm any other pets you might like to keep? no what about you
1061. is okay you could ask she ' s pro she ' s probably thirty - nine she looks quite young does she? yeah mum looks even more young thank you that ' s because i act like a child so what did you do at school that was exciting today? oh that ' s tough i did art you did art? what did you do in art? we i did painting and it was and it
1062. but unfortunately they ' re going to close down that one are they? yeah but she she has some stories she she was on the phone well on the cb or whatever it is to em a small child who said look my father has got his hand stuck in some of machinery in the boat oh god i don ' t know what to do can you help me? and she was talking the kid through the
1063. so it ' s not a brief yes ninety - three? it ' s clever polly clever polly and stupid wolf little polly riding hood the invisible the invisible wolf wanted a polly huff puff mandy ' s child the wolf in the zoo polly goes for a walk the seventh little kid the wo in the wolf ' s kitchen okay the wolf in disguise a short story and it ' s really fun because the wolf doesn
1064. she is like and he ' s nineteen in the next one and she ' s what? like twenty - four but he ' s just so much smaller than her yeah he does look like an infant child he does yeah and she looks like a grown woman but she ' s yeah it ' s like i don ' t know if you ' ve got to that bit but it ' s like just being around
1065. he had a thing for cos he was like obsessed with it i i felt really sorry for her it just like run into her room like fart in her room and like run out like a child would yeah like he just found it hilarious and he ' d like sort of like play fight with her and stuff and she oh god if that don ' t say i fancy you then what does? used
1067. wasn ' t sustainable um captain hook i know it was uh that made that made like the truffle shuffle even like worse to sort of laugh at like i know you can ' t laugh at child obesity obesity can you? well it ' s not his fault really is it it ' s his parents um that ' s what i ' m gonna say yeah and captain hook oh that was really uh ho
1068. once to the cinema ha ha and i remember thinking it was the stupidest place to go because like well yeah it is yeah it ' s i it ' s one of the probably most common like child child date destinations innit? it ' s so bad and stupid but i was like fifteen or whatever and i went to see you know liar liar with jim carey yeah yeah that ' s a that '
1069. to the cinema ha ha and i remember thinking it was the stupidest place to go because like well yeah it is yeah it ' s i it ' s one of the probably most common like child child date destinations innit? it ' s so bad and stupid but i was like fifteen or whatever and i went to see you know liar liar with jim carey yeah yeah that ' s a that ' s
1073. the rest of your school career there ' s not much i can do about that yeah there is something that ' s meant to remove ink really? oh oh and she ' s not a very bright child students yes it ' s like waiting on classes yeah perhaps she ' ll she ' ll become studious by looking studious i ' m sure there ' s management theories as to she ' s absolutely appalled
1076. glasses hasn ' t he? he looks a bit like a richard o ' brien from the crystal maze mm these super super fashionable glasses you ' re right about the baby glasses cos i saw a child this morning in a pram with these silly plastic glasses on that didn ' t look as though they had lenses in and i think i thought are the parents putting them on as a fashion statement? no
1077. they had lenses in and i think i thought are the parents putting them on as a fashion statement? no they ' re real glasses really? to correct their sight but how do they know if the child ' s sight needs correcting at that young age? i don ' t know it ' s ridiculous maybe they went to opticians and no but when the child ' s growing up when it ' s
1079. a model of good parenting that the bad parenting model continues cos i mean you learn good parenting from somewhere and mostly it ' s quite unconscious isn ' t it? what you picked up as a child from living in your house for eighteen years but i ' m not sure that alone explains it i think that there is something going on at a chemical level erm that is intergenerational and that
1080. with something outrageous like why shouldn ' t you run across the road? only because i haven ' t got my right shoes on it ' s not the right answer mm but that ' s what a child s something stupid a child might say something it ' s only yeah but not not just listening but also you need to show a degree of empathy as well yeah and explain me just sitting there listening isn '
1081. shouldn ' t you run across the road? only because i haven ' t got my right shoes on it ' s not the right answer mm but that ' s what a child s something stupid a child might say something it ' s only yeah but not not just listening but also you need to show a degree of empathy as well yeah and explain me just sitting there listening isn ' t good enough you have
1082. it it affects their education it affects their development in so many things but in fact mainly it affects their reasoning well there ' s not authority no authority in the parenting yeah that ' s right when a child can go to school and the teacher says and the teachers have lost their authority yeah exactly because of that yeah yeah the police have lost their authority you can ' t tell me to do that yeah yeah that
1091. be honest how much did you pay them? i gave them twenty quid and she gave me two back while you were she should have given you three back aye i never thought about you being a child yeah was children seven quid? she maybe because i she maybe didn ' t think it was under sixteen she maybe thought i was sixteen aye mind you she shouldn ' t have given you two back unless
1093. she ' s really awkward still doing with luke because luke was perfect for her when she before yeah before but but now she ' s just really sensible and like grown up and he ' s just a child i don ' t like luke at all i don ' t like luke he ' s really i ' ve tri but he ' s i find him really awkward and stupid yeah it ' s really awkward to
1094. but i really like clubbing music what ' s clubbing music? music that you go nightclubbing so the kind of music we listen to in the car cool like talk to me baby yes the child friendly one the child friendly one and erm i ' m really hoping that has got a dj this evening so i can have a bit of a boogie well that ' s what old people say a proper
1095. clubbing music what ' s clubbing music? music that you go nightclubbing so the kind of music we listen to in the car cool like talk to me baby yes the child friendly one the child friendly one and erm i ' m really hoping that has got a dj this evening so i can have a bit of a boogie well that ' s what old people say a proper dance i ' m
1096. play a game when he loses he goes eh oh i think you would or you ' d be a good white rabbit mm but the story of alice in wonderland used to s freak me out as a child why? don ' t know well it ' s quite creepy i suppose it was written a long time ago erm mm? it ' s on her wedding day isn ' t it? the story is
1097. on there i ' ve watched those in the last few weeks thoroughly enjoyed them i ' ve cos i ' ve got this funny memory i do forget things erm its strange i remember being a child and i used to get comics i used to get the beano and buster and whizzer and chips and all these comics and then at christmas i used to get the annuals which are hard
1098. this because i don ' t actually believe it in myself but i will always put it out there like to when she ' s always like i always think that guys are gonna think of me as a child when they look at my body she said that to me as well and i ' m not gonna be rude i think that when i look at her body yeah me too but i would never say that to
1100. ' s stem cells though well if they if they had a problem because if if if in the yeah an illness in the future i suppose in they first used it for leukaemia so if a child developed leukaemia they could use the stem cells to just inject the bone marrow and they can cultivate it so it ' s not like they use them up they carry on reproducing
1102. it very much does that make sense em it ' s a very odd novel it ' s more about his family and what happened before he was born and what happens when he ' s a very young child and stuff eh right and is a vicar yeah? yeah eh very nice interesting just to to yorkshire and about yeah no i mean what i ' d really like to do is em we all go to so
1103. about yeah no i mean what i ' d really like to do is em we all go to so we leap to eh yeah i mean i think i spent a bit of time in yorkshire as a child like on holiday and stuff but haven ' t really been there since it would be nice to explore a bit of the country yeah there ' s a roman site at thorough bridge just off the a1 loads of
1104. mm okay? alright bye oh yeah they ' ll if you ' ll get you ' ll certainly get a letter who ' s that? oh somebody ' s some desperate mother of an autistic child what does she want you to do? music i went to this place the other day with lots of autistic young people there where they make erm chocolates er and they employ autistic
1105. yes give or take i don ' t know but it ' s it ' s balls and exactly and there ' s two balls cos it can ' t be bowls i need to destroy that small child do you have this one darling? i ' m distracting you here i ' m throwing out i ' m blowing out the candles erm yes i believe i do that ' s erm played the game
1106. ' t understand why you think well i don ' t you should get the car because you want it but you don ' t wanna pay for it that ' s like p that ' s like a child you ' re behaving like a child well i ' m just paying you my car i ' m giving you my car but my car was worth more than your car and you want to use it
1107. ' t you should get the car because you want it but you don ' t wanna pay for it that ' s like p that ' s like a child you ' re behaving like a child well i ' m just paying you my car i ' m giving you my car but my car was worth more than your car and you want to use it you want me to give me your only when
1110. ask about this so iit ' s worth doing mm erm well one of them of course that you haven ' t thought about perhaps isn ' t er er wasn ' t on your mind is child benefit yes say i ' ve got to contribute to her well i have actually yeah yeah of course i know you have you know i i agreed to pay the school fees mm so which is more than you
1112. that? i thought you didn ' t go for the quality and the strength it ' s definitely the ultimate in strength i ' ll give them that that ' s what i used to drink as a child yeah i had what do you m what do you mean used to? i i reme i remember k ' s k is pretty good there was a whole summer when i was like thirteen or fourteen when
1113. ##ia no it made them really vulnerable it did because they were so desperate yeah to get any help because there j was just no known cure no and so they turned to him i think possibly coincidentally the child had got better at one point and they er credited him with influencing that recovery mm but he just seemed to get a stronger and stronger hold on the family didn ' t he? he did really if they
1116. an anger and a and a hatred for i think she carried the fact that you know he never really loved her yes and that ' s got to be one of the most hurtful things as a child yes yes yes she never felt he loved her yes and even though she can sort of rectify the idea or remedy the idea that a man and a woman might fall out of love with each other or
1118. you thought what? you beat it thought he keyed it get out of the car and shake the car in front of him he was pissed off about that nah not me frighten me as a child not me would i? i wouldn ' t do that you ever get into a fight? no no? has he ever got into a fight? scare them off i got the softer father didn ' t
1119. flew to italy wasn ' t it? when we when we yeah went to amster via amsterdam via amsterdam and we only had a very small window and mum was guiding us cos i was a child yeah so that was the first time either of us had flown flown and we we were standing on the side of this glass banging on a window which is our gate going how do you get in there?
1121. it ' s huge i was going to come and get the old woman and then the old woman could ' ve bring brought the old her dog or the old man the dog ' d get the little child and they could all pull pull pull mm yeah but i didn ' t have to cos i had to dig a trench round it to get it out it wasn ' t that big it was big enough
1122. washing out two pence oh what tight parents i can ' t reme washing up sometimes that was two pence too but you see if you ' re in america they ' re chores that the child ' ll have to do yeah you should you should do a certain amount yeah without being paid for it yeah and and and the biggest nark we had was er we got family allowance and they thought that
1123. the trolley bit scary mm? and then i ' d cos it ' s cold i could pile you with it mm ah you are very scary eh? you ' re it ' s like the child catcher pardon? go away oh mm mm mm oh wondering why this didn ' t go you missed a bit she i know i missed the top yeah she missed the top see i i i did miss the
1124. when will she ever be happy? yeah shut up you annoying lacking in character shitty weirdo and i closed the book and i never read it again i might give mine away yeah give it to some child who probably would enjoy it yeah who would have a team edward or team jacob t - shirt i only bought them from a charity shop anyway so it doesn ' t really make a difference i ' ll just
1125. few of them ' s close to them all that ' s nice the oldest with the mm brother not there but she said he noticed how different was with the family because she reverted back to being a child with the parents it was it was a little bit difficult to get used to it but that just happens doesn ' t it? yes perhaps a few days is enough in that situation mm mm nice strud
1129. corner no you haven ' t there might be a combine might be a horse or a horse might be a bike yeah and you won ' t get past it and no no might be a tractor a child or yeah doing the hedge i think that road there coming past the you know all the way along there? mm i think that ' s the most dangerous road that is well that is yeah people and they
1130. yeah this is just it ' s stupid it ' s not if these are serious concerns that are affecting access access is nothing to do with university it is to do with schools schools and the education a child receives and and the g general attitude of the school is critical and some schools have a very bad approach and you know they should be going to schools and teaching headmasters and headmistresses and head teachers
1133. that we were involved with the general population knows nothing about yeah erm and and has no knowledge of and there was erm you know the mistake they made where they said they were going to reduce child poverty but that they were going to measure it comparatively which never win yeah and so therefore there was there was erm an upswing in general prosperity which meant that the level of child poverty proportionately went
1134. going to reduce child poverty but that they were going to measure it comparatively which never win yeah and so therefore there was there was erm an upswing in general prosperity which meant that the level of child poverty proportionately went up as well so you know you still see newspapers today that tony blair presided over an increase of child poverty which is not er not true yeah yeah more more children had more money but
1135. was erm an upswing in general prosperity which meant that the level of child poverty proportionately went up as well so you know you still see newspapers today that tony blair presided over an increase of child poverty which is not er not true yeah yeah more more children had more money but there was an increase in child poverty yeah i know well there was yeah that was because of the gap between the haves
1136. well so you know you still see newspapers today that tony blair presided over an increase of child poverty which is not er not true yeah yeah more more children had more money but there was an increase in child poverty yeah i know well there was yeah that was because of the gap between the haves and the have nots got bigger but the have nots have got more statistical games yes yes but you know
1137. how how does that person feel aged eight or nine reading a newspaper which says fact there are too many immigrants? i just think it ' s horrible well you wouldn ' t think he would believe a child of eight or nine well you probably wwell actually probably what he would think is yeah there are they should send them send them all back send the new ones back ah yeah oops sorry well i don
1139. we ' ve we ' ve decided like one i think yeah definitely don ' t want siblings they ' re expensive yeah like going on holiday with and siblings fight cos i grew up as an only child so i don ' t didn ' t really realise that siblings i mean any siblings fight they definitely fight but to the extent that they yeah to the extent that they can be really really mean ah has that
1140. this ' ll this ' ll i ' ve noticed that ' s called accommodation yeah how we converge or diverge with the speakers that are around is yeah like definitely do you remember when you were a child you went into an indian corner shop and you start emulating? they ask you a question and you kind of reply in an indian accent you ' re like that was really weird i shouldn ' t so
1141. spring twenty twelve? eh yes okay oh no it ' s downloading something it ' s going to open a pdf does it open on my phone? mm hm complete thing go there ' s a child on my phone that ' s it scroll down now but be de be it ' s challenging me now did i not tell you i ' ve had a really difficult day right okay so tomorrow aqua this find
1142. ve got the tickets i haven ' t them yeah no they ' re definitely there but it must be really infuriating for your mum not to trust you for your mum to treat you like a child because you are a bit scatty i think now she ' s so used to her own space it ' s the first time she ' s been living at home since she was what? twenty -
1143. afterwards? yeah i think so he was like he was like i don ' t care if you can ' t have children then she had ben then she had ben yeah ben was the ugliest child yeah he was he was so ugly really ugly well did you not love it how suddenly like ben changed didn ' t he? he went from being like a baby yeah to sort of like a toddler
1144. bit of a horrible word special talents yeah it ' s like when i i ' ve got to do something say hello hello hello oh right hello? say hello to who? you ' re confusing the child now mm? hello? mum you ' re saying it like a question he might ' ve got he ' s got he makes me feel like that i don ' t know what it is hello put my
1146. do that cos i ' m thinking if i don ' t if these people don ' t want the house and i ' m not sure they seem to quite like it ah but there was a child there and it screamed from the moment they came in what day was that? friday until they went out has sh has she rung back? no i haven ' t been in today but rang me up
1147. it ' s cos most of the people who worked at mcdonalds that i knew lived in like or or somewhere like that two thousand and ten aged twenty - seven he was he had loads of child porn as well but they are now married they ' ve always been a couple all the way through it and they got married really? yeah so he had child porn like what do you mean child porn?
1148. - seven he was he had loads of child porn as well but they are now married they ' ve always been a couple all the way through it and they got married really? yeah so he had child porn like what do you mean child porn? like yeah like pictures of young girls getting fucked and stuff yeah but how old young girls like child porn is under sixteen innit? like i know but like
1149. of child porn as well but they are now married they ' ve always been a couple all the way through it and they got married really? yeah so he had child porn like what do you mean child porn? like yeah like pictures of young girls getting fucked and stuff yeah but how old young girls like child porn is under sixteen innit? like i know but like there ' s child porn cos
1150. it and they got married really? yeah so he had child porn like what do you mean child porn? like yeah like pictures of young girls getting fucked and stuff yeah but how old young girls like child porn is under sixteen innit? like i know but like there ' s child porn cos at fifteen like he was but i ' m not defending him he was always a very immature teacher so like
1151. you mean child porn? like yeah like pictures of young girls getting fucked and stuff yeah but how old young girls like child porn is under sixteen innit? like i know but like there ' s child porn cos at fifteen like he was but i ' m not defending him he was always a very immature teacher so like he was he was never really a proper teacher he was always like a sub teacher
1154. you can ' t you know you can ' t you ' re the one who knows your child best yeah you can ' t always do what a book says because it doesn ' t work for every child as well every child yeah is different we ' re all different so but there ' s so many people in the same position that they don ' t want to do the crying out hm cos they say
1155. you know you can ' t you ' re the one who knows your child best yeah you can ' t always do what a book says because it doesn ' t work for every child as well every child yeah is different we ' re all different so but there ' s so many people in the same position that they don ' t want to do the crying out hm cos they say it affects their if
1156. toothbrush and a change of clothes for me at ten o ' clock oh man alive yeah it ' s bad that isn ' t it? that ' s pretty bad cos you were just a child yeah mm and the the managers used to let us leave stuff in there like if we ' d go straight from school to work and then straight from work out on bank holiday mm they ' d let us
1157. do you have tickly feet? no stop it i ' ve got really ticklish feet i ' m not ticklish anywhere are you not? nowhere oh my god friend or fraud is he a child? or something? surely that ' s like paedophilia? what? i don ' t get what he ' s done he ' s managed to get her to pay for like transport and some
1158. creepy oh he creepy he he he is he talks about girls at our school a lot creep man yeah bar anyone? ah i can ' t believe he ' s african and he ' s an only child you don ' t understand he ' s an only child? you don ' t understand how rare that is that ' s so rare jeez you don ' t understand like wow why? cos both
1159. girls at our school a lot creep man yeah bar anyone? ah i can ' t believe he ' s african and he ' s an only child you don ' t understand he ' s an only child? you don ' t understand how rare that is that ' s so rare jeez you don ' t understand like wow why? cos both because his parents are priests are they? yeah oh are
1160. i think it ' s alright on a kid until about four and then it sounds really childish oh no it ' s like i ' m having is quite grown up but i think is like a little child ' s name well yeah well yeah you could call him my uncle ' s called i just think that ' s a really boring name though is a really boring name and i talk about names all the time
1162. skips over massive bits in the book that i wouldn ' t have well maybe not massive bits but then then it sort of it goes into loads of detail about him stealing the coin from the small child and things and angsting about it for ages come on that ' s dramatically important yes but it ' s dramatically important and entirely not at all present in the musical yes if you get what i mean
1163. my experience was they were done by rather different sort of cliques as it were okay maybe i think it ' s in the same vein though well in weird obsessive things to do as a child yes but but i mean even weird obsessive things you do as a child mm i don ' t know and i think the people who actually play the computer games are a different set of people from
1164. okay maybe i think it ' s in the same vein though well in weird obsessive things to do as a child yes but but i mean even weird obsessive things you do as a child mm i don ' t know and i think the people who actually play the computer games are a different set of people from who played the trading card things yes i think it was people i knew mainly played
1167. three and a half months three and a half months is not a long time you ' ve been a vegetarian a lot longer all my life all my life i was forced to be since i was a child i ' ve known you were a vegetarian for a long time you were forced to meat your f your dad ' s a vegetarian and you he shoved his meat down my throat that ' s a rapist
1170. that ' s your dilemma i just think cos don ' t want any child there so no if it were to happen yes i mean when when one child is there all the attention is on the child always er it ' s a dilemma because erm the parents putting up makes problems further down the road with these this i mean it ' s like i mean it does doesn ' t it? it '
1183. if we want to work as lecturers in a university i need to be producing research and research is not easy to do or i can ' t no imagine how you ' d do that with a child doing conferences and going round the country no have you broached the subject with her? it just doesn ' t compute about children with who? with your mum oh yeah i ' ve as and being
1188. to modify the form hold tightly should be the word speak slowly hold tightly yes but if you ' re if you say hold tight if you were say you ' re like if you ' re putting a child onto a ride it sounds a bit silly to say hold tightly it does yeah doesn ' t it? but that ' s not the way we say it it ' s hold tight yeah and traditionally in the
1190. t it? yeah if you have got a persistent something that ' s not going away you need to make sure you persist and say well this isn ' t still a problem yeah because there was this child erm and their parents took them to six different doctors and each one said there ' s nothing wrong with them some of them said it ' s a flu some of them said it was ju or you
1193. funny and it was just about i haven ' t read it for ages but like english girl mamarries this french guy and they have this child and then they ' re gonna split up but then the child ' s trying to get em back together mm but again it ' s quite witty but she was one of erm think her sister was like a nazi wasn ' t she? or something they ' re
1194. then she ended up falling over yeah so i like to think karma it ' s called karma and she did and do you know what she said to us? horrible children go back to your parents horrible child not nice is it? mm you were only walking around looking at the lights along with everybody else it wasn ' t warranted was it? worrying ted who ' s ted? warranted it wasn '
1198. big thing in er my day there yes what did we i think it was my brother i suppose what did they say to him? i can ' t imagine him going to confession what does a young child have say? i know that seems madness doesn ' t it? it ' s kind of absurd isn ' t it? yeah absolutely ridiculous oh i and talking about sin to a child of that age like
1199. does a young child have say? i know that seems madness doesn ' t it? it ' s kind of absurd isn ' t it? yeah absolutely ridiculous oh i and talking about sin to a child of that age like well what would they know about that? well yeah that ' s right it ' s not them you ' ve got to worry about they ' ll get burnt at the stake sort of
1200. yeah yes you yes she was yes thought she was gonna get left behind i think yeah left yeah i used to be worried about those doors on the train cos they ' re very difficult for a child to open yeah yeah cos they ' re you have to put now they ' re now aren ' t they? yes cos yeah well some of them you still have some of the old rolling stock
1201. re now aren ' t they? yes cos yeah well some of them you still have some of the old rolling stock though in use oh do they? oh they ' re terribly difficult for a child oh impossible cos you have to push the window down and you have to stick your head right outside yeah open it and then of course you almost tumble out er especially as a child because of the weight
1202. difficult for a child oh impossible cos you have to push the window down and you have to stick your head right outside yeah open it and then of course you almost tumble out er especially as a child because of the weight of the door so it ' s very dangerous well one well one time you could open the windows like from inside like mm yes so a child there i know very dangerous yeah and if
1203. almost tumble out er especially as a child because of the weight of the door so it ' s very dangerous well one well one time you could open the windows like from inside like mm yes so a child there i know very dangerous yeah and if you didn ' t do it you get left behind so there ' s no choice on on on on the train track yes i used to worry about those doors yeah
1204. hospital oh she gets it off? yeah why? well it ' s been six weeks has it? yeah cor six weeks in a as an adult goes a lot longer than six weeks as a child bet this felt like forever for her ah so she gets it properly taken off well hopefully it ' ll yeah has she had it checked again? no the other week yeah they don ' t know what her
1206. happens twice we take the parents ' party card the parents ' party card which meant of course gosh father would lose his job if he hadn ' t got a party card so my goodness me no child stepped out of line no way oh my gosh to be responsible for your dad losing his job the parents saw to that or mum yeah yeah interest it was very interesting what a interesting set - up yeah
1208. with her acts and went to drama s went to saturday drama classes and was erm spotted by a drama scout mm and joined the erm national youth right theatre wow and did erm the ragged child at glyndebourne when she was still quite young really? wow erm and was picked up er by a television company and had erm a fairly large part over a number of years in grange
1209. is far more difficult to operate effectively than it was ever conceived to be when it was first yeah er you know? yeah erm conceived i i think in principle it ' s right in principle every child should have a should have an equal opportunity mm mm u to gain the education that they are capable of mm but they they we are not all you know? capable of the same they ' re true words
1211. phoned in sick on monday and he said he ' d got hand foot and mouth mm i had that when was little i caught if off her cos it ' s a it ' s a child ' s disease and er three other people came down with it as well so of course we were there saying oh what were you doing at the christmas party? one of them was the md ' s wife
1212. she ' s getting hair yeah yeah like and hair but i ' m literally like don ' t you dare be sick on me keep your head that way she goes i ' ve cleaned up so much child sick and yeah yeah i really can ' t be doing with it and i say to it ' s your dog before we got holly cos i wouldn ' t ' ve ever had a dog no i
1213. ' t it? yes yeah and erm he meets a lady st bernard and they end up having puppies that come and and stay in the house erm er god holly the dog not the child the dog not the child was on the sofa sitting between me and and all of a sudden they were like that we could see her looking round the room cos one of these puppies was was was
1214. yeah and erm he meets a lady st bernard and they end up having puppies that come and and stay in the house erm er god holly the dog not the child the dog not the child was on the sofa sitting between me and and all of a sudden they were like that we could see her looking round the room cos one of these puppies was was was ewling she was
1216. parent yeah that looks a bit panicky and try and match the two up yeah but you don ' t just you can ' t just or i feel i can ' t just walk up to a child talk to him take his hand and start walking around with him to try and find his i ' ve had it a few times in crazy odd places when kids cry and i i do if it ' s
1217. didn ' t know no that ' s it i knew where she was and we always had the lost children when i worked at h and m constantly had the security guards coming in looking for a small child that had got lost usually they were hiding in the clothes rails and things like that in the shop yeah yeah they ' re playing aren ' t they? but we had it a lot or you ' d
1219. was there and i and i just turned round and the and the instant i turned round and saw she ' d gone a lady in the same beige mac looked down and saw she ' d got a child pushing at that second she looked up and saw the beige mac actually didn ' t have mummy in it and there was this sort of like ah ah ah oh yeah and it was only you know i i
1220. he won ' t be he won ' t get one children won ' t although he ' s not he ' s sixteen he ' s allowed to use the gym he ' s not classed as a child is he? he ' s we ' re paying adult price for him yeah he doesn ' t get the choice he ' s not paying no we ' re gonna have to work out the food for them
1223. mum rings me on the mobile on her mobile and says oh hello i haven ' t got many minutes can you ring me back? and i think who ' s the mother and who ' s the child you know? it ' s normally kids who ring and go i ' ve got no credit and te ring me it ' s usually the other way round yeah yeah all those years and yeah yeah exactly just
1224. t be a twenty - three - year - old boring person no no no no this is the only time you ' ll do this yeah let your hair down forget it let your hair down be a child go with it oh yeah yeah and he ' s kind of taken it on board yeah yeah you can never tell he ' s your son at all my dear i can never remember you doing anything like that
1226. your own but you don ' t do them do you? do you mean rudimenrudiments? mm i do mean rudiments that ' s the trouble though when you are a child you don ' t really often see the point of practicing things so you don ' t really do it and it ' s only when you get to my age really old that you realise how important it is
1227. of space put it on your laptop and then send it over to me and then did you stop it? what? no there you go voice recorder is still going? why? i dunno odd child what? i ' m only on m what? i ' m only on m what? oh are you going through alphabetically? yeah that ' s just how it ' s organised how ' s that
1228. ##s he wrote a poem sort of called the achilleid which is he sets out to sort of write the whole story of achilles ' life yeah and he does like sort of achilles as a child and doing cross - dressing really? achilles? yeah in when he ' s trying to get out when thetis is trying to stop him going to the war she hides him in a harem oh that
1229. ##arders oh no no yeah at least you can get in the house yeah they can ' t move can they? that ' s true at least you don ' t go out with er a k child ' s pram picking up rubbish no no that ' s right oh picking up empty cans and carrier bags they ' ve got real problems haven ' t they? mm yeah we ' ve just got a
1230. that there was no tenant for because yeah there ' s no one else that ' s kind yeah it ' s a bit like at the we nearly got we had someone trying to convince us to install child size toilets so they could run a nursery in the crypt oh no do you remember? yeah and we went into the business plan to star er actually they got them from somewhere they got some they wanted to
1231. you w well i said this when i was with i said like little oh yeah come come and eh but in hodge podge in in polish and it ' s like how you would speak to a child child a little little baby i ' m sure he found it endearing as opposed to insulting though yeah things like that i ' d i ' d like to be able to just communicate a little bit with
1232. w well i said this when i was with i said like little oh yeah come come and eh but in hodge podge in in polish and it ' s like how you would speak to a child child a little little baby i ' m sure he found it endearing as opposed to insulting though yeah things like that i ' d i ' d like to be able to just communicate a little bit with his
1234. kind of i kind of grasped that that you were yeah yeah i kind of grasped that so er i ' m proud of it i won ' t deny it are you the eldest no i ' m child from your brother and sister? ah the unloved one yeah tut ah dear don ' t love her so she ' s showered with money tut definitely tut right so when are you planning
1235. t want to get out the car cos he said you ' ll just go and talk to yeah and you ' ll and then you ' ll leave me out? yeah yeah like some sort of child yeah yeah yeah yeah no no my husband just thinks he ' s weird he always has done well i think he ' s right and i ' m not gonna tell him anything because i do hate it when
1236. mm mm and you have to repent and you ' ve got so much to make up for i think bollocks isn ' t it much nicer to say to a baby and a small child you know you are a gift you are love incarnate you are perfection itself that ' s nice you are beauty you are the light of this world you are god incarnate if you want to
1237. fun and i really want to go but i can ' t cos i ' m so unfit and that ' s what i said to him i said take your daughters to the one on that the child - friendly one and cos you have to go around with them so if i if you guys both go then i have to go around with you of course and it ' ll be lots of fun er
1239. clock on thursday morning i would have stayed up it was fairly cloudy wasn ' t it so i would have stayed up that would have been cool i know but that ' s because you ' re a child adults like their sleep you see and erm erm have to wait another thirty years mm it it ' s similarly turned red though not erm it ' s cos it was a lunar eclipse not
1240. to hold them by the legs with one hand and then like wallop them on the back with the other hand right okay i ' ll bear that in mind so if you ' ve got a choking child grab the child and and shake it upside down like if they ' re a baby mm whack them hardly a far firmly in between the shoulder blades it ' s the same procedure as if you '
1241. by the legs with one hand and then like wallop them on the back with the other hand right okay i ' ll bear that in mind so if you ' ve got a choking child grab the child and and shake it upside down like if they ' re a baby mm whack them hardly a far firmly in between the shoulder blades it ' s the same procedure as if you ' d trapped something
1242. in cornwall but she came to the uk sort of as a student erm yeah i think she moved to london first and then ended up in cornwall met met this amazing guy who took her on with child right and all the rest of it oh and erm she was like this really typical sort of artist art artist who has crazy moments yeah and you know? shuts herself away for weeks on end and
1243. me of being little cos we used they ' re mad aren ' t they? yeah that was probably the first thing i ever cooked cos it was about the simplest thing you could teach a child to make oh yeah that ' s rice crispy cakes yeah yeah yeah those and the cornflake cakes oh yeah should make those again actually yes so they ' re a bit nostalgic quite a
1244. you see in this? and th all this kind of thing and it was amazing er and a few of the parents erm afterwards would say erm ththis is amazing er the the the child or the children have suddenly got this interest and want to take us out for walks yes erm so that they can find things thing yes and erm they ' d got their little mobile phone anand so
1245. deserted town in uh somewhere in the mid west in the united states and there ' s only people below the age of twenty - one and they figure what ' s happened is that eh there that this child pastor has made everybody sacrifice people who are over twenty - one for a good harvest no right it ' s rubbish you wanna watch logan ' s run cos that ' s better logan ' s run is
1246. guess at eight yeah why would you be watching like a really scary film at age eight? it wasn ' t scary it was i remember the first horror film that i ever watched what was it? child ' s play and that was i haven ' t seen it an well i was in primary school and it absolutely terrified me and i ' d had nightmares for like three weeks afterwards do you know which film
1248. ' t remember who was living there but there was a fish and chip shop on the way back we always used to stop they always mum said they all used to tuck away she was just a young child then of course mm back of the car with fish and chips mm mm yeah i don ' t like fish and chip chop fish that much i find the batter too heavy yeah i enjoy the batter yeah like
1249. ##s he had a baby in his arms one of these matadors and he went u you know he started provoking a bull and you think well that ' s very irresponsible that child could be gored well they took a child did they? yeah yeah a baby in his arms that was ridiculous that ' s just part of showing off i suppose yeah he was showing off yes he got
1250. of these matadors and he went u you know he started provoking a bull and you think well that ' s very irresponsible that child could be gored well they took a child did they? yeah yeah a baby in his arms that was ridiculous that ' s just part of showing off i suppose yeah he was showing off yes he got in trouble over it i thought well you deserve
1251. ##ing you didn ' t he? think so yes was he? no he wasn ' t very nice growing up no no i suppose not no no well it ' s different when you ' re a child but when you ' re an adult that ' s not really acceptable oh he ststill remained the same as an adult did he? yes i mean aas a child you can forgive someone and think yeah
1252. different when you ' re a child but when you ' re an adult that ' s not really acceptable oh he ststill remained the same as an adult did he? yes i mean aas a child you can forgive someone and think yeah well they were young yeah however annoying they were yeah but when someone ' s an adult and they ' re well he ' s violent towards me to be honest yeah when
1253. found them that ' s right yeah no it ' s not okay to do that and and he he he told them all off i think yes and again it ' s different if you ' re a child cos it ' s up to the child cos it ' s up to the parents to to control the alcohol in the house isn ' t it? yes you can ' t expect a child to
1254. ' s not okay to do that and and he he he told them all off i think yes and again it ' s different if you ' re a child cos it ' s up to the child cos it ' s up to the parents to to control the alcohol in the house isn ' t it? yes you can ' t expect a child to no to manage their drinking yes yes but as
1255. child cos it ' s up to the child cos it ' s up to the parents to to control the alcohol in the house isn ' t it? yes you can ' t expect a child to no to manage their drinking yes yes but as an adult that ' s not acceptable i think now though er i think er acknowledges it was all wrong what he was doing with erm with er yes
1256. what did he attempt to do? he threatened to kill me and he held a knife against my throat oh oh did he really? not just once either oh well no and not when he was a child so oh well that ' s a terrible thing to have done it is and he ' s never said sorry and he knows he did it yeah and was there both times actually and ' s spoken to him
1257. yeah i go i ' ve forgotten what was doing anyway was trying to give him advice and er don ' t expect liked that mm no probably not well it ' s different if they ' re a child but ' s probably not that young any more is he? well i suppose late twenties i suppose yeah i suppose yes er ' s er will be much younger much older in in his mind really i suppose
1258. had w had problems with him then? yes i don ' t know perhaps he was jealous or something but i mean that ' s no excuse no no no no especially when you ' re not a child i mean when did you last see then? at grandma ' s funeral oh you saw him there that ' s right yes yeah cos i remember sitting right behind me i think somewhere at that funeral oh
1260. going to leave him but then that ' s what allowed it to continue and sadly yeah i he took it out on his daughter in the end no no which is awful and not when she was a child but when she reached adulthood oh oh yes and you know really you ' d expect the daughter to say well i ' m having nothing to do with you dad but you know doesn ' t doesn ' t
1262. er but i read an that ' s right for you at the moment interesting quote that said how it was something like how can you class er a foetus as a person mm but not a refugee child? mm good question yes how can you want one thing in your country but not another? mm a thing that is already an actual human being that ' s a very valid question in poland mm yeah er
1263. you i don ' t think that ' s true yeah i don ' t i don ' t quite believe that wasn ' t wasn ' t naughtier as a as a little as a little child? i was a bit irritating i think oh yeah oh yeah i remember yeah you stole 50 p off someone and er you come running back to the house crying i stole someone ' s pocket money why did
1265. re very clever like being on a big pillow isn ' t it? did i tell you ' s erm stopping the night in two weeks ' time? oh two weeks ' time? with with child and dog crikey just me with baby and dog oh okay why ' s that? well it ' s the week after ' s birthday so it ' s the twenty - eighth that ' s sunday
1266. yeah mm like when i was young you know those bell peppers you get the? i don ' t like peppers so they ' re not hot the bell peppers oh no but i was convinced as a child they were spicy i tasted them as spicy and if you think about it ' s the same family as mm chilli peppers even though they don ' t taste hot to adults to a child you must be
1267. as a child they were spicy i tasted them as spicy and if you think about it ' s the same family as mm chilli peppers even though they don ' t taste hot to adults to a child you must be picking up on a the same chemical mm so i wouldn ' t eat them for years and now i i taste them raw or cooked and i can ' t believe i thought they were spicy
1268. ' ve done it but not me someone must ' ve yeah cos you have to toilet train them no no yeah a d you do you have to yeah you do yeah it ' s like a child isn ' t it? it ' s quite a thing and you ' ve got to teach it to walk on a lead cos it ' s yeah doesn ' t come natural and not pull and oh
1269. because the teachers are scared of being seen as being seen as being seen as being you know softer on you so actually yeah they ' d be really really hard hard yeah and i was a really good child so actually it was ridiculous and they would report me for everything and i just think that was very unfair oh erm cos they wouldn ' t ' ve done that with any other child anyone ' s
1270. really good child so actually it was ridiculous and they would report me for everything and i just think that was very unfair oh erm cos they wouldn ' t ' ve done that with any other child anyone ' s child no no yeah no so i didn ' t like that at all never mind i suppose that ' s life oh well that ' s life yes yeah think was always okay about it she
1278. didn ' t? oh two please used to go swimming and not sorry? oh you could see it all the time? haven ' t done oh he used one grassed him up scarred as a child did you? no i think she just told you or somebody oh me? sorry guys whose go is it? dad ' s mm choo choo toot toot choo choo thomas woo
1280. he was crying and why do kids not like having their hair cut? i don ' t know i don ' t but he ' s lovely ' s like the villain she ' s like the villain child villain isn ' t she? yes so no children like her dad do you remember? used to hate didn ' t he?? next door cos she used to cut and he ' s the little
1282. of months now oh okay he ' s gotta have a photo hasn ' t he? you ' ve gotta get him three yeah three months it ' s gonna take us about that time oh for a child ' s passport now we need erm all of the grandparents ' information we need everything it ' s ridiculous you need marriage certificates and all sorts it ' s is this because people are abducting kids
1284. it? you ' ll have to sit him on that stool yes could take a bumbo sit him in that that neutral expression when applying for any first - time passport you will need to include the child ' s full birth certificate this must be the full version please note passport office the original or can you take copies? does not accept copies documents must provided must be originals we ' ve got two birth certificates
1286. re older not because they ' d changed the rules mm i can ' t remember when that was uhu you were just named i think on mine oh it costs forty - six pounds to get a child passport online or via post oh maybe that ' s just cos it ' s a five year one and it ' s not forty - six mm that ' s not too bad then no mm that '
1287. ##oosham grange oh cool what ' s that? erm hang on stop stop stop stop the press what book er were you reading at the weekend by jenny nimmo? the dragon ' s child the dragon ' s child and that ' s shaped like a dragon yeah but it does have doggies in but it ' s got a it ' s about a dragon isn ' t it? yeah but
1290. and five yeah yeah erm and you were out and about in the tent cos was saying how wonderful that was the other day mm she says was it wonderful? i said no you were a child still camping and yeah the beds were still horrible i thought yeah uhu i did have a socket and a wooden floor and a hard floor and and a yeah fridge full sized fridge yeah so it was quite
1291. no but she would eat the thought it of yeah stuff like that cos she was do you want some milk? shall i go and make you a little bit of m? she was an only child yeah well oh it ' s alright there it ' s just okay no she was an only child and erm mm yeah er she she probably well er she ' d always eat all sorts as well i
1292. want some milk? shall i go and make you a little bit of m? she was an only child yeah well oh it ' s alright there it ' s just okay no she was an only child and erm mm yeah er she she probably well er she ' d always eat all sorts as well i remember she was the one at school and she ' d have any and just eat the oh yeah
1293. i saw the other day when i was on? you did your friend now yeah yes going back to uni to do a a linguistics course oh yes yyeah you mm were saying yeah one child ' s leaving for uni and one ' s coming back yes uhu and either and? is that funny? you are making some funny noises you ' re gurgling are you gurgling
1294. what i meant oh my god fucking idiot right let ' s just rewind sort of ten minutes so crap with times i ' m really bad with time you ' re really bad with times mm bloody child i got they were taking the mick out of me today at work cos of the way i spell like i don ' t spell because b a b e c a how are you supposed to spell it
1295. of them that no one else has heard of maybe it ' s just maybe like a s a symptom of having to grow up so quickly you know even at sixteen you ' re still a child mm both mentally and you know emotionally maybe mm maybe it ' s something to do with that like part of you regressed because you never really had that childhood like the learning to tell the time thing that
1296. gonna judge you are they so i found out these these crazy things just came into my life ah came came into my life today came into your mind yep yep yep yep cos you ' re a child yep you ' re a baby little little baby only just a little bloody baby oh a little baby oh squidge the baby mm squidge the baby squidge it yeah squidge it so i ' m
1297. this breakfast club he ' s got time to settle before he goes into school yeah into his classroom so he ' s found that easier sorry yeah it can ' t be easy can it for a little child adjusting to school? no well we thought he ' d adjust really well because he was like the top dog at nursery don ' t forget he ' s been going to nursery since he was nine months old
1298. ? yeah she ' s not she ' s al was she in your year? yeah yeah she ' s she ' s already being homeschooled well that would seem odd to home school one child and not the other but maybe ' s unhappy mm maybe ' s alright but you said that says that she ' s going to be homeschooled? she says she might oh she might be homes
1299. ' t need to be an artist for art therapy no course you don ' t er er apparently it ' s very de - stressing it is if you if you get in touch with your inner child you use your non - dominant hand and do do stuff w ah i ' ve been reading about that do stuff with that did you know if you want to write something really meaningful it was suggested that you
1300. bet you no go on please if you gave a the sleeves are too big i wanna see if it fits you cos if you gave every jumper i ever get shrinks if you gave a reception child a spoon no just try it go on i ' ll put it on later mm? if you give a reception child a spoon whatever hand you put it in they would stay with that well that ' s
1301. ##s if you gave every jumper i ever get shrinks if you gave a reception child a spoon no just try it go on i ' ll put it on later mm? if you give a reception child a spoon whatever hand you put it in they would stay with that well that ' s good that ' s what i ' m saying you can teach them to be ambidextrous yeah but they
1302. er ov ov over over what ' s the word? er enthu enthusiastic children yeah an overzealous chick petter yeah you can imagine them sort of you know checking each child as they went in to make sure they weren ' t too er strong too strong yeah excuse me can you just squeeze on this er this er this tube for me? yeah this pressure sensor yes mm ah
1303. er you know absolutely yeah er we live in a in a absolutely era eera of where you want things bbut want them instantly and want them instantly yeah yeah you see so when you were a child s maybe whe certainly when i was a child mm you know if you wanted anything you had to wait you collected you you had you saved up money boxes you put all your pennies in and you
1304. in a absolutely era eera of where you want things bbut want them instantly and want them instantly yeah yeah you see so when you were a child s maybe whe certainly when i was a child mm you know if you wanted anything you had to wait you collected you you had you saved up money boxes you put all your pennies in and you saved up for yeah no that ' s all the
1305. ##rish uneducated person who appears to have access to money but not necessarily to taste that ' s strange i wouldn ' t define it like that at all er probably from romany chavi meaning child so it ' s it ' s romany for well not for a child well that ' s interesting because in er because it was who told me council house and violent is what they well they ' ve
1306. to taste that ' s strange i wouldn ' t define it like that at all er probably from romany chavi meaning child so it ' s it ' s romany for well not for a child well that ' s interesting because in er because it was who told me council house and violent is what they well they ' ve obviously adopted it in where there are quite a lot of chavs appar
1307. after university you ' d go for a dream job what would it be? or if you do the dream thing for a year i was thinking about this today i think my dreams when i was a child are very different to my dreams now as they would be but by so so by dream job do you mean like what you ' d ' ve dreamed er no when you were younger? or? what you
1308. night and i i try and analyse cos you know i just have to fathom that out cos you say and he said oh well actually i was born there but i was only a child there so it turns out he was from so how did they know? i don ' t i thought told me and he keeps saying no no but we didn ' t even know he was called i had
1314. i haven ' t given up but bringing her differently it is interesting how i ' m bringing her up it ' s just different and i have to bring her up differently cos she is a different child she ' s a different animal that girl she ' s been that way and er she she ' s on board now with packed lunches mm she well if she as long as she eats something exactly just
1315. do that well two of them she was she was raised with but with bilingual parents and i can ' t remember what the languages were but let ' s say she spoke german and italian from being a child and and then she additionally was er in to learn or to improve her english and er she also spoke french which she was doing at school erm and i said that to her about d you know doesn
1316. realise what ' s happening until it ' s too late to stop it mm yeah but as i say i was lucky it just stopped again so mine just stopped i had them regularly when i was a child and i mean you know not sort of ten minutes i was awake for an hour mm and then it would stop and then i would be asleep and it would start again mm i can remember mum putting ice
1317. in london and he sat me down and he said i haven ' t contributed towards your education he ' s like put his kids through like private school and everything and he feels like i ' m a child i think yeah and so he i think he felt like he wanted to do something like that to so he said that ' s lovely haven ' t contributed towards your education but what i want to do is
1319. okay i ' ll just i ' ll i ' ll be there you have to be like breathe going breathe bitch breathe breathe breathe breathe breathe like you ' re giving birth nothing will ever to a black child yeah i just got cheese on me why are black children so much bigger? becau no they are no it ' s a scientific fact it ' s not a racist thing no they are scientifically
1321. ' ll go on the internet but she couldn ' t i couldn ' t remember the name of it now and she couldn ' t remember the name before she ' s erm she says yes a child got injured quite seriously oh really? she says er and it was closed down for some time she says i ' m sure i ' m sure that was the one i said well anyway it looked good now
1322. but because the i mean when i looked last time there was still a flight out for eighty quid yeah and you won ' t have to pay for but erm no i ' ll have to child proof the apartment and borrow what and er have got yeah got a travel cot out there i dunno who they ' ve got going out this time yeah see is still trying to organise the villas reunion for
1323. s pies damn phone we ' ve been watching this programme where every day every time they had they then take people on hol to r you know replicate a holiday they had when they was a child and they always had to have an old car what they went in you know and er and i said to him i remember that when you first came to ours when you first started going out with you had
1324. and they play on a ipad or game yeah for hours and hours and the parents don ' t have anything to do with them mm the old fashioned games have gone you know like sitting down with a child and playing you know board games or playing with plasticine and making things painting creative things you know and i think yeah now she ' s she ' s got a lovely job she ' s erm a
1325. quite tall does that make any difference? well so i ' m now drinking less and i ' ll probably i ' m still drinking so i didn ' t drink very much when i was like a child i think so you ' re making up for it? and then i started drinking loads and now i just started cos i cos i so i was drinking lots in a like paranoid i ' m
1326. second thoughts you could always ask he ' s not a he ' s not a he ' s not a pointed remark is it? no but what ' s funny is that his nephew is he smallest child of the of you know he ' s in like the fifth percentile or something he was saying that mm and so it ' s it ' s just funny and he ' s four years old and he
1327. guys dress us up in? oh that ' s a good one as well ' s is gave me money and money and wine wasn ' t it? wine you ' re so well formed as a child aren ' t you? yeah i mean you can very easily tell that that ' s them mm strange could you tell when they were younger what they were gonna look like when they ' re older? would
1328. off but there was quite a lot of moaning towards the end but she did alright yeah and you did well as well with carrycarrying it was like up up a hill as well two ton child mm ' s new equipment and things and we went by the river the river is very low and then we went in the god that was so lovely yeah you should look at the photos that i took on
1329. you do you know the huntsman or erm yeah what for mafia? yeah no the huntsman when they die can choose another person to die with them and at the end of each term the child chooses a new pair of lovers s i played a game in which the the mafius killed the huntsman who we to the mafia and the huntsman also with the other mafia so the mafia killed

