Cluster 1
30. uk or something no but there but there will be some well they ' re either too small or too big aren ' t they? look at those beds or too built up like if you went to tiger leaping gorge that ' s a three - day trek look at that look at that is that a crane? wou no a white no it ' s like a cormorant i think what '
31. english people won ' t either um but there ' s no problem with subtitles mm i totally i don ' t get the i totally forgot that i was reading subtitles when i saw crouching tiger hidden dragon i think you notice it for the first yeah thirty seconds and then for the rest of the film mm you just take it in yeah as speech it ' s exactly mm i think there ' s
33. ##m at pizza express straight from pizza express the restaurant mm? the margherita pizza mm i would also like some sausages mm? erm i would have some lemonade and yes and tiger bread? tiger bread mm yeah prawns would you like the prawn mango thing? yeah chicken caesar cornets? erm mm mm and pretty much everything from creme de la creme
34. express straight from pizza express the restaurant mm? the margherita pizza mm i would also like some sausages mm? erm i would have some lemonade and yes and tiger bread? tiger bread mm yeah prawns would you like the prawn mango thing? yeah chicken caesar cornets? erm mm mm and pretty much everything from creme de la creme me too mm
35. well i suppose i would be but i wouldn ' t have a reaction to it yeah yeah but i ' ve kind of gone off all of that food now erm i would have all the things tiger bread stop talking about what i ' m i ' m gonna tell you no i would have all the food that i like now so avocado and tomato and my lactose - free cheese and my
42. s it and er just literally for like three minutes in a little bit of olive oil and then just put salt and pepper and a bit of parmesan and it was really good there was big tiger prawns and that was really yummy but i haven ' t cooked for ages where did you get the tiger prawns from? frozen? just m and s or waitrose or somewhere yeah
43. pepper and a bit of parmesan and it was really good there was big tiger prawns and that was really yummy but i haven ' t cooked for ages where did you get the tiger prawns from? frozen? just m and s or waitrose or somewhere yeah i need to i you know i i cooked a lasagne without the pasta sheets i wonder why they were sticking i
50. time there ' s they ' ve got a type of bread there called baba bread mm it ' s really good yeah it ' s i dunno what it was but they i was chilling in er tiger leaping gorge eating baba bread and honey with er special special butter special butter yeah baba bread ' s cousin he ' s only fourteen and he was saying about this creamy chicken his his mum cooks it ' s
51. t it? in the town market area we did a couple of slightly hairy treks i know there like up in the ice up on those mountains got a bit hairy and also on the erm tiger leaping gorge when we went a bit wrong mm that got pretty pretty hairy yeah as well that was er we were like no let ' s go back yeah can ' t be this way this whole i had
53. should be aright on painting wood i can use them up yeah i ' m just going to bring in i ' m just going to paint mine white so i ' m going to bring in some tiger acrylic i ' m going to paint one of those i ' m going to be ambitious painting it umbray what colour blue blue to light blue and my plastic ' s blue and stuff i
61. be milk in granary bread yeah so she does need to be careful yeah i love the smell of fresh bread oh it is amazing isn ' t it? i love the smell of just - baked tiger bread mm yep although it is evil for me but yes it is a lovely smell why ' s it evil for you? cos it makes me very poorly doesn ' t it? just smell it er
69. nicest oysters i can ' t really remember what the other oyster i ' ve had tasted like were these all just briny and delicious? yeah did you have anything else? i had some tiger prawns presumably they ' re not local no and some crab i had a whole crab actually did they prepare it or did they give you a hammer and tongs? did you get anything out of
70. adult not even like cooked prawns but like the ones that you have to cook yourself no way you should erm put that on an online dating profile like you would get so many people buys tiger prawns to cook herself yeah for a treat and if i ' m feeling really wild i throw some vegetables into my fajita wow you sound like a catch shut up yeah my friend though she
71. i was there yeah erm d you try to get it but er yeah that was that was a good that was a good erm oh look at this what a collection of people right in his tiger suit with erm erm and there you go one two three four is that the phone? now er sometimes i ge er or er do it twice one two three four five six of you seven wow
73. she see she meets a funny caterpillar and a mamarch hare and the mad hatter and the mou the dormouse having a tea party mum can i t can i have some more tiger bread? sorry? can i have some more tiger bread? speak up properly can i have some more tiger bread? yes and erm and then but was basically watching a bit of it and erm
74. a mamarch hare and the mad hatter and the mou the dormouse having a tea party mum can i t can i have some more tiger bread? sorry? can i have some more tiger bread? speak up properly can i have some more tiger bread? yes and erm and then but was basically watching a bit of it and erm it was on her weddi the cartoon version?
75. mou the dormouse having a tea party mum can i t can i have some more tiger bread? sorry? can i have some more tiger bread? speak up properly can i have some more tiger bread? yes and erm and then but was basically watching a bit of it and erm it was on her weddi the cartoon version? no the real world version and it was on her wedding
76. bit funny when they come into the house? oh well who cares anyway? we do need to erm put some more photographs of cakes and things on the wall as well can i have some more tiger bread? sorry? can you have some more tiger bread? no you can ' t have some more tiger bread cos you ' ll turn into a piece of tiger bread can i have some more gi
77. well who cares anyway? we do need to erm put some more photographs of cakes and things on the wall as well can i have some more tiger bread? sorry? can you have some more tiger bread? no you can ' t have some more tiger bread cos you ' ll turn into a piece of tiger bread can i have some more giraffe bread? no you can have a dessert
78. put some more photographs of cakes and things on the wall as well can i have some more tiger bread? sorry? can you have some more tiger bread? no you can ' t have some more tiger bread cos you ' ll turn into a piece of tiger bread can i have some more giraffe bread? no you can have a dessert though but you need to leave room for it am i
79. well can i have some more tiger bread? sorry? can you have some more tiger bread? no you can ' t have some more tiger bread cos you ' ll turn into a piece of tiger bread can i have some more giraffe bread? no you can have a dessert though but you need to leave room for it am i allowed to have a doughnut and a yoghurt?
84. like oh i ' m pretty sure someone will have the same jumper as me no i can ' t remember what i was gonna say oh but primark does really good christmassy stuff and so does tiger tiger ' s like a proper christmas shop yeah i want everything from tiger tiger just has so cool stuff it does all year round so cool so excited but i don ' t know what to get anyone like
89. her down maybe it ' s okay oh shh shh shh shh it ' s not you know the the walks with did in the west you know the yeah that that was beautiful like tiger leaping gorge it was beautiful yeah that was beautiful yeah they won ' t well they can ' t just and er is that the only walk in? no of course it ' s not we were meant to
90. she needs to go to bed in half an hour what time is it now? anyway weren ' t we supposed to be talking about not travelling around life goals i don ' t like it remember at tiger leaping gorge someone fell off that bridge because of a thunderstorm do you remember? yeah they died yeah just before we got there yeah i know it ' s really if we hadn ' t got lost that
94. warranted erm yeah worrying ted who is he? warranted who is sounds like something from the old west howdy i be warren ted i like that voice well is eating her way through the tiger bread and the pizza turn around and face pro correct way the table thank you i ' m warren ted and this is my horse worrying ted well what ' s the difference? worrying ted oh worrying ted do
95. ##hm got some giraffe bread hm sorry? got some giraffe bread is that what it is? oh of course long neck well no it ' s because you know it ' s actually tiger bread they call it tiger bread but a girl do they? a girl wrote a young girl wrote said to her mum well mummy it doesn ' t look like tiger bread it looks like giraffe bread
96. ##fe bread hm sorry? got some giraffe bread is that what it is? oh of course long neck well no it ' s because you know it ' s actually tiger bread they call it tiger bread but a girl do they? a girl wrote a young girl wrote said to her mum well mummy it doesn ' t look like tiger bread it looks like giraffe bread it should be called gi
97. because you know it ' s actually tiger bread they call it tiger bread but a girl do they? a girl wrote a young girl wrote said to her mum well mummy it doesn ' t look like tiger bread it looks like giraffe bread it should be called giraffe bread it looks like a giraffe so she wrote a letter obviously helped by her mum to sainsbury ' s and
98. call your bread giraffe bread and now they actually have called it giraffe bread aw mm cos it does look like a giraffe that ' s nice why did they call it tiger bread? cos it looks like a tiger look at it it doesn ' t look like a tiger it does it looks like a giraffe alright it looks like a giraffe does look like
103. and i haven ' t done any practice really have we? i ' ve been too busy working? mm how much have you done? how much what? drumming are you in your own world of tiger bread eating at the moment? erm yeah how much drum practice have you done? not a lot i ' m glad it ' s the holidays when i actually have some time you do have time to
104. how to repeatedly juggle three balls i can do this with mum don ' t talk over i can catch one ball i can do two and then can i have three can i have a slice of tiger bread? mm no you can ' t have three slices of tiger bread can i have two that ' s a giant slice anyway isn ' t it mm it ' s one mm i think they do lots
105. don ' t talk over i can catch one ball i can do two and then can i have three can i have a slice of tiger bread? mm no you can ' t have three slices of tiger bread can i have two that ' s a giant slice anyway isn ' t it mm it ' s one mm i think they do lots of classes but they it ' s erm we would be just
106. t it? yeah so you don ' t have three da if we went there for the whole time you ' d only have three days left of the the holidays mm mm oh are you enjoying your tiger bread? look how thick this slice is that is three no maybe four slices thick probably two no i think the thing about jugglers is that they get obsessed about it so they want that that would be
107. have been there yeah they would have been there enough to erm know their ways around it quite a lot yeah well they know about the mermaids don ' t they? yeah and the pirates and tiger lily and the indians well in the one in but the mermaids in the real peter pan mm they are they are really horrible mermaids who drag down and if you get too close they drag you down
113. no on saint george ' s day mum will cook us an english breakfast an english breakfast and remind me all the things that go into an english breakfast bacon it ' s a breakfast sausages breakfast and tiger bread that ' s it well and also a it has bacon sausages scrambled eggs don ' t have them tiger bread well i have scrambled eggs i don ' t have scrambled eggs yeah you need to have
114. things that go into an english breakfast bacon it ' s a breakfast sausages breakfast and tiger bread that ' s it well and also a it has bacon sausages scrambled eggs don ' t have them tiger bread well i have scrambled eggs i don ' t have scrambled eggs yeah you need to have more than bread and meat and and some toast and maybe some toast no erm i ' ll also have some
115. okay well they ' re bound to be there aren ' t they? well mum? yeah one ' s in my secret special sweets okay mum? two things when can i have the thicker slice of tiger bread? mm? two erm i know we i know that we could start a tradition s mm? if sscottish people paint eggs and roll them down the hill we could paint chickens and roll
116. used sew up and put round your round your steering wheel that used to fit exactly yeah oh yeah fluffy steering wheel yeah yeah and then they had bead seats a lion print one er like a tiger print steering wheel remember all them silly beading things oh yeah mm we we had some of them beads er they ' re practical and we put them up in the loft hmm? and the mice ate them

Cluster 2
0. case i wish you could do that in english what? like y you ' d have like the word for cat and then you ' d repeat it three times cat cat cat and that would mean a tiger exactly how convenient would that no would that not be convenient? it would yeah i also don ' t seem to have any photographs of tigers here which is a shame cos i know i have some photographs
1. have any photographs of tigers here which is a shame cos i know i have some photographs of tigers somewhere you were very excited i saw in the natural history museum i saw well it was a stuffed tiger but it was actually a hybrid tiger of two different types of tiger and its paws were so big what do you call it when you hybridise tigers cos you know if you cross breed like a lion
2. is a shame cos i know i have some photographs of tigers somewhere you were very excited i saw in the natural history museum i saw well it was a stuffed tiger but it was actually a hybrid tiger of two different types of tiger and its paws were so big what do you call it when you hybridise tigers cos you know if you cross breed like a lion and a tiger it ' s called
3. know i have some photographs of tigers somewhere you were very excited i saw in the natural history museum i saw well it was a stuffed tiger but it was actually a hybrid tiger of two different types of tiger and its paws were so big what do you call it when you hybridise tigers cos you know if you cross breed like a lion and a tiger it ' s called a liger yeah very bit
4. actually a hybrid tiger of two different types of tiger and its paws were so big what do you call it when you hybridise tigers cos you know if you cross breed like a lion and a tiger it ' s called a liger yeah very bit of obvious portmanteau assembly there yeah yeah yeah yeah but if you cross breed a tiger and a tiger we ' re gonna call it a t
5. know if you cross breed like a lion and a tiger it ' s called a liger yeah very bit of obvious portmanteau assembly there yeah yeah yeah yeah but if you cross breed a tiger and a tiger we ' re gonna call it a t a tiger tiger oh curses but anyway that is what i saw so apparently if you cross breed a tiger and a different kind of tiger you get a
6. cross breed like a lion and a tiger it ' s called a liger yeah very bit of obvious portmanteau assembly there yeah yeah yeah yeah but if you cross breed a tiger and a tiger we ' re gonna call it a t a tiger tiger oh curses but anyway that is what i saw so apparently if you cross breed a tiger and a different kind of tiger you get a tiger with massive
7. s called a liger yeah very bit of obvious portmanteau assembly there yeah yeah yeah yeah but if you cross breed a tiger and a tiger we ' re gonna call it a t a tiger tiger oh curses but anyway that is what i saw so apparently if you cross breed a tiger and a different kind of tiger you get a tiger with massive paws well i don ' t know it might just
8. called a liger yeah very bit of obvious portmanteau assembly there yeah yeah yeah yeah but if you cross breed a tiger and a tiger we ' re gonna call it a t a tiger tiger oh curses but anyway that is what i saw so apparently if you cross breed a tiger and a different kind of tiger you get a tiger with massive paws well i don ' t know it might just have
9. yeah yeah but if you cross breed a tiger and a tiger we ' re gonna call it a t a tiger tiger oh curses but anyway that is what i saw so apparently if you cross breed a tiger and a different kind of tiger you get a tiger with massive paws well i don ' t know it might just have been what a tiger looks like you ' re not experienced with tigers well i can '
10. breed a tiger and a tiger we ' re gonna call it a t a tiger tiger oh curses but anyway that is what i saw so apparently if you cross breed a tiger and a different kind of tiger you get a tiger with massive paws well i don ' t know it might just have been what a tiger looks like you ' re not experienced with tigers well i can ' t remember the last time i
11. a tiger we ' re gonna call it a t a tiger tiger oh curses but anyway that is what i saw so apparently if you cross breed a tiger and a different kind of tiger you get a tiger with massive paws well i don ' t know it might just have been what a tiger looks like you ' re not experienced with tigers well i can ' t remember the last time i went to the zoo
12. that is what i saw so apparently if you cross breed a tiger and a different kind of tiger you get a tiger with massive paws well i don ' t know it might just have been what a tiger looks like you ' re not experienced with tigers well i can ' t remember the last time i went to the zoo cos i thought about going to ueno but ueno is a sad place mm
13. t remember the last time i went to the zoo cos i thought about going to ueno but ueno is a sad place mm mm all the animals look unhappy so i met this cross bred tiger right and i said to him what ' s it like being a cross bred tiger and he said well i have huge paws i hate you that ' s funny man yeah that is a classic of comedy got
14. to ueno but ueno is a sad place mm mm all the animals look unhappy so i met this cross bred tiger right and i said to him what ' s it like being a cross bred tiger and he said well i have huge paws i hate you that ' s funny man yeah that is a classic of comedy got one of tanabata here which tanabata? well tanabata tan
15. of shit is that a belt? a hair band? this? no that in the bag oh it ' s a strap i use it as a strap as well huhh genius the eye of the tiger boo boo boo boo ahh should be time now i think very soon doo doo doo doo doo doo dunno what to do with this hair it just seems to be what did you want to do up
16. ? like ensemble a group ohhh yeah she did just have to describe that to me no well if you ' d seen it written you would ' ve got it i ' m sure eye of the tiger oh phone call well how do i answer it? slide across like that that ' s it hi dad um i ' m okay i ' m feeling better today um that ' s okay i ' ve um
17. the french system and i don ' t understand how it works mm i ' m beginning to wonder whether the french know how it works i just find that appalling that they can do that easy tiger shh she hasn ' t even come close to you no but stop it she ' s here in the room stop it shh silly girl yeah so it must be different but i just don ' t
18. ##y they like get their paintbrush and they my aunty has one yeah they like twitch their ears and they can do really detailed pictures it ' s so cool where is it where they have the tiger temple? is that somewhere in china? i don ' t know they bring the baby tigers up like from babies so they ' re like tame i ' m sure it ' s i can imagine it being
19. near the new wallpaper old old lady near the it ' s like the newspaper in harry potter ain ' t it? yeah it is it ' s pretty good erm er do you remember the tiger the when me and hung out with that homeless dude in f all night and there was he was dressed as a tiger and then someone came round with a no he had a tiger teddy and someone dressed as
20. ? yeah it is it ' s pretty good erm er do you remember the tiger the when me and hung out with that homeless dude in f all night and there was he was dressed as a tiger and then someone came round with a no he had a tiger teddy and someone dressed as a tiger saw it and started to like thrust the teddy tiger and the guy was like i don ' t normally let
21. do you remember the tiger the when me and hung out with that homeless dude in f all night and there was he was dressed as a tiger and then someone came round with a no he had a tiger teddy and someone dressed as a tiger saw it and started to like thrust the teddy tiger and the guy was like i don ' t normally let people touch my tiger but that is quite funny i ' m
22. me and hung out with that homeless dude in f all night and there was he was dressed as a tiger and then someone came round with a no he had a tiger teddy and someone dressed as a tiger saw it and started to like thrust the teddy tiger and the guy was like i don ' t normally let people touch my tiger but that is quite funny i ' m gonna let him do that cos
23. all night and there was he was dressed as a tiger and then someone came round with a no he had a tiger teddy and someone dressed as a tiger saw it and started to like thrust the teddy tiger and the guy was like i don ' t normally let people touch my tiger but that is quite funny i ' m gonna let him do that cos that is quite funny that is er yeah but i
24. round with a no he had a tiger teddy and someone dressed as a tiger saw it and started to like thrust the teddy tiger and the guy was like i don ' t normally let people touch my tiger but that is quite funny i ' m gonna let him do that cos that is quite funny that is er yeah but i don ' t normally i wouldn ' t let em w i can ' t
25. funny stuff w like what? you were like i ' ve got a really good lol for you so like this one time when we hung out in with this h er homeless guy who had a tiger yeah and then someone dressed up as a tiger saw the tiger and started trying to like hump the tiger oh awesome that ' s great doesn ' t look very humping though yeah she didn ' t
26. i ' ve got a really good lol for you so like this one time when we hung out in with this h er homeless guy who had a tiger yeah and then someone dressed up as a tiger saw the tiger and started trying to like hump the tiger oh awesome that ' s great doesn ' t look very humping though yeah she didn ' t capture it perfectly no okay just say go again
27. got a really good lol for you so like this one time when we hung out in with this h er homeless guy who had a tiger yeah and then someone dressed up as a tiger saw the tiger and started trying to like hump the tiger oh awesome that ' s great doesn ' t look very humping though yeah she didn ' t capture it perfectly no okay just say go again it ' s
28. like this one time when we hung out in with this h er homeless guy who had a tiger yeah and then someone dressed up as a tiger saw the tiger and started trying to like hump the tiger oh awesome that ' s great doesn ' t look very humping though yeah she didn ' t capture it perfectly no okay just say go again it ' s cool do you what? x x x er
29. slips to the bottom doesn ' t it? yeah yeah mm then the weight goes to the bottom and that ' s how the mother yes carries the baby kitten yeah say yeah yeah say erm a tiger mm moving her kittens like she ' ll pick them like that at the back of the neck mm and get them like that in her teeth and carry them to the new spot and come back and get
32. sake he had to go simple as that rojo knows that he was like a fucking gazelle and you know ripped apart byline there ripped apart me i ' d prefer tigers i just wanna see tiger do tigers eat gazelles? yeah i don ' t know when they ever come across gazelles like but i imagine they would eat eat them lions eat gazelles lions love a big gazelle hate you
36. that it ' s in the room it ' s like when you ' ve got a wolf indoors don ' t ever acknowledge that it ' s there or a or an elephant or an elephant naturally easy tiger now oh keep it calm keep it session cheers cheers to saving the world to see i mean that that alone took forty - five minutes did it? yeah yeah but i really think it pays just to d
37. tell me when you ' re ready right okay yep ready okay it ' s a massive feline that lives in the wild leopard feline yep oh wow yeah go through all of them like lions panther tiger thing you thought of like lion and tiger definitely because because we watched go on leopard print what is your life? wow i haven ' t heard jeremy kyle actually help someone in a game of well that '
38. okay yep ready okay it ' s a massive feline that lives in the wild leopard feline yep oh wow yeah go through all of them like lions panther tiger thing you thought of like lion and tiger definitely because because we watched go on leopard print what is your life? wow i haven ' t heard jeremy kyle actually help someone in a game of well that ' s when that ' s when i saw
39. we might become famous now mm well i was just thinking mum you ' ve got a textile art picture of that photo up there haven ' t you? i think you should take three textiles because the tiger is a different style to the other types of textile art that you ' ve done yeah so i think you should take three because then she hasn ' t got one of that one up there three? yeah
40. but yeah it does sound like something more dubai than india cos it ' s dubai ' s quite modern well yeah i did i saw i saw a clip and i was just like they had a tiger and they had erm an elephant and then they had this like dolphin swimming through the floor and it was just like it looked so real it ' s like oh so it ' s probably like your rather
41. job this is so weird isn ' t it though that we not not that i ' m no not judging i would ' ve done pretty much the same but it ' s weird that we think a tiger or a lion shouldn ' t be killed and then we ' re quite happy to kill spiders and bugs i know do you know there are hundreds of spiders and bugs thousands of millions actually of spiders and bugs
44. have a giraffe i ' m really angry or a lion why haven ' t they got anything like that? they have got a lion haven ' t they? no they ' ve got a tiger but they don ' t have oh yeah they ' ve got a tiger that ' s right maybe they thought like tiger was enough to well it isn ' t well it isn ' t exactly it is not
45. haven ' t they got anything like that? they have got a lion haven ' t they? no they ' ve got a tiger but they don ' t have oh yeah they ' ve got a tiger that ' s right maybe they thought like tiger was enough to well it isn ' t well it isn ' t exactly it is not animals really i mean why not a giraffe though like? that
46. they have got a lion haven ' t they? no they ' ve got a tiger but they don ' t have oh yeah they ' ve got a tiger that ' s right maybe they thought like tiger was enough to well it isn ' t well it isn ' t exactly it is not animals really i mean why not a giraffe though like? that would be so applicable to everything in my life
47. ##ff? yeah yeah and erm and yeah yeah chip and biff and chippy no? floppy can ' t remember floppy yeah floppy? the dog oh yeah my mum ' s favourite was the tiger who came to tea oh i love that book that was great mm yeah i think i can only get four you might have to just go for it where are you getting it? just wait for a t
48. were really round and black and now they ' re all slitty he must have been in a darkish place mm have you been going looking for rats again? he ' s like a really small tiger isn ' t he? but without the stripes mm yeah and he ' s black and white he ' s not a tiger at all he ' s more like a erm er bear no what do the
49. you been going looking for rats again? he ' s like a really small tiger isn ' t he? but without the stripes mm yeah and he ' s black and white he ' s not a tiger at all he ' s more like a erm er bear no what do the panther yeah a puma you a puma? have you ever seen that video of that man who ' s made friends
52. don ' t forget the portable portable can we go to primark on friday? yep cos i want to look at all the christmas decorations cos they have really good christmas decorations okay so do tiger yeah and i also need to go to whsmith ' s because they ' ve got like twenty percent well they ' ve got half price all their fairy lights fairy lights and my dad ' s also
54. ironware ironmongery no yes em ironware is possibly not the right word eh hmm eh should i have a little lager or not? well there ' s a do you fancy a tiger? there ' s another tiger in the fridge that that ' d be a bit too much for me i think well you don ' t have to have the whole thing well have a big you have a
55. no yes em ironware is possibly not the right word eh hmm eh should i have a little lager or not? well there ' s a do you fancy a tiger? there ' s another tiger in the fridge that that ' d be a bit too much for me i think well you don ' t have to have the whole thing well have a big you have a little tiger a baby tiger if
56. ' s another tiger in the fridge that that ' d be a bit too much for me i think well you don ' t have to have the whole thing well have a big you have a little tiger a baby tiger if you will a tigerlette yeah are you having a tiger? tiger calf i wasn ' t going to have a tiger you weren ' t em so yeah there ' s one there if
57. tiger in the fridge that that ' d be a bit too much for me i think well you don ' t have to have the whole thing well have a big you have a little tiger a baby tiger if you will a tigerlette yeah are you having a tiger? tiger calf i wasn ' t going to have a tiger you weren ' t em so yeah there ' s one there if you fancy well
58. much for me i think well you don ' t have to have the whole thing well have a big you have a little tiger a baby tiger if you will a tigerlette yeah are you having a tiger? tiger calf i wasn ' t going to have a tiger you weren ' t em so yeah there ' s one there if you fancy well it ' s over a pint in each i could i
59. me i think well you don ' t have to have the whole thing well have a big you have a little tiger a baby tiger if you will a tigerlette yeah are you having a tiger? tiger calf i wasn ' t going to have a tiger you weren ' t em so yeah there ' s one there if you fancy well it ' s over a pint in each i could i yeah bottle
60. have the whole thing well have a big you have a little tiger a baby tiger if you will a tigerlette yeah are you having a tiger? tiger calf i wasn ' t going to have a tiger you weren ' t em so yeah there ' s one there if you fancy well it ' s over a pint in each i could i yeah bottle so you can have quite easily have half of one
62. got ' s dressing gown from there it ' s not it ' s not a big fluffy one it ' s nice right it ' s kind of mm thanks yeah well it ' s better to drink tiger than that seven and a half percent seven and a half percent jesus it ' s very nice yeah but bloody hell mm not good for you is it? no mm i need to cut down though well i
63. rolled up oh let ' s have a look i know she ' s put it on here because it ' s quite a famous thing because is it goldeneye eurocopter ec six eight five tiger? yeah the tiger the tiger i worked on it and he nicks one of them do you know i worked on the tiger? yeah i and there you go you see wow so that ' s down
64. ' s have a look i know she ' s put it on here because it ' s quite a famous thing because is it goldeneye eurocopter ec six eight five tiger? yeah the tiger the tiger i worked on it and he nicks one of them do you know i worked on the tiger? yeah i and there you go you see wow so that ' s down there incredible is a
65. have a look i know she ' s put it on here because it ' s quite a famous thing because is it goldeneye eurocopter ec six eight five tiger? yeah the tiger the tiger i worked on it and he nicks one of them do you know i worked on the tiger? yeah i and there you go you see wow so that ' s down there incredible is a piece of
66. thing because is it goldeneye eurocopter ec six eight five tiger? yeah the tiger the tiger i worked on it and he nicks one of them do you know i worked on the tiger? yeah i and there you go you see wow so that ' s down there incredible is a piece of your history as well i know i know yeah erm so and the interesting thing about this is
67. know i know yeah erm so and the interesting thing about this is that it ' s erm it ' s actually a limited edition of seven fifty so signed by yeah erm we the the tiger they used a prototype is it? the tiger never worked there i no it did the variant we i worked on we worked on mm never went into full production a second version of it did actually go into
68. interesting thing about this is that it ' s erm it ' s actually a limited edition of seven fifty so signed by yeah erm we the the tiger they used a prototype is it? the tiger never worked there i no it did the variant we i worked on we worked on mm never went into full production a second version of it did actually go into production mm so the one that ' s er
72. right beer beer is what i need beer yep i put the budweiser in the fridge oh nice i ' ll rescue said beer that ' s definitely necessary should be cold enough now yeah well the tiger ' s still in there that ' s probably pretty cold mm they f feel alright oh nice okay beer beer por you madame vielen dank mon amie we ' re just so like bloody cultured
80. attack he died of a heart attack he ' s only forty mm i know yeah cos he had to have a kidney transplant didn ' t he? they ' re claiming he was up there with tiger woods and yeah there was a stupid erm who jason jason blah blah blah who ' s the black guy? jason? robinson they had an interview with him today and the interview was asking a shit question
81. uh in charge of an aircraft uh yeah pilot yep stop oh nice four in spite of the first balls up i think that was quite good yeah actually um fry up yes fry up it is of the tiger okay i feel inspired oh who am i asking? um you ' re asking me yeah okay and and greens it ' s the green ones yeah okay oh so when you ' ve when you ' ve gone
82. get out the window mm yeah oh she was a nightmare she was a nightmare i always remember taking her to er was it? or? when nana and papa came mm and he had to have a tiger stick to keep her here yeah keep the tigers away so she wouldn ' t go in front too far that ' s right that was when we went in the woods though yeah that ' s er er think
83. ' re every all like christmas decorations i want to get for my room i want to get them fairly cheaply cos i can ' t use them all year and they have well you could in tiger they have really cool like heart things that hanging and i put some tinsel on my curtain yesterday and i had a little snowman decoration and it made me really happy cos it was christmas have you
85. oh i ' m pretty sure someone will have the same jumper as me no i can ' t remember what i was gonna say oh but primark does really good christmassy stuff and so does tiger tiger ' s like a proper christmas shop yeah i want everything from tiger tiger just has so cool stuff it does all year round so cool so excited but i don ' t know what to get anyone like i
86. me no i can ' t remember what i was gonna say oh but primark does really good christmassy stuff and so does tiger tiger ' s like a proper christmas shop yeah i want everything from tiger tiger just has so cool stuff it does all year round so cool so excited but i don ' t know what to get anyone like i don ' t know what to get my m mum mum or my
87. no i can ' t remember what i was gonna say oh but primark does really good christmassy stuff and so does tiger tiger ' s like a proper christmas shop yeah i want everything from tiger tiger just has so cool stuff it does all year round so cool so excited but i don ' t know what to get anyone like i don ' t know what to get my m mum mum or my dad
88. t meant to say it to cover it up but don ' t say it cos he said i muffled it just don ' t say it like eeny meeny miny moe catch a tiger by his toe like oh i remember that oh i remember that yeah i remember that actually yeah or a piggy there you go mate he is a bigot dad dad fucking hates him he always has hated
91. ' s up there yeah it ' s that ' s it mind you he was gonna show is the erm yeah he showed me the erm yeah that was a erm an unchained tiger was and some people had been scratched only a few people before me had a big like gash down his arm and it was like oh okay is that like in its sleep when it ' s? yeah
92. up and they say oh well we haven ' t got time today to look at them we ' ll have a look at them another time mightn ' t they? mum ' s gonna take her tiger and her bridge yeah the tiger ' s brilliant yeah? i don ' t like it now i ' ve looked at it again that ' s amazing that is oh all the more reason to sell it then
93. we haven ' t got time today to look at them we ' ll have a look at them another time mightn ' t they? mum ' s gonna take her tiger and her bridge yeah the tiger ' s brilliant yeah? i don ' t like it now i ' ve looked at it again that ' s amazing that is oh all the more reason to sell it then yes it is i don '
99. they actually have called it giraffe bread aw mm cos it does look like a giraffe that ' s nice why did they call it tiger bread? cos it looks like a tiger look at it it doesn ' t look like a tiger it does it looks like a giraffe alright it looks like a giraffe does look like a giraffe it looks like a piece
100. cos it does look like a giraffe that ' s nice why did they call it tiger bread? cos it looks like a tiger look at it it doesn ' t look like a tiger it does it looks like a giraffe alright it looks like a giraffe does look like a giraffe it looks like a piece of bread it ' s nice bread just the right amount
101. you know fake plasticky stuff and whatever by eye can you? you know yeah yeah yeah actually it ' s temperature a lot of the time right things like that and here ' s you know real tiger skin and here ' s some fakes yeah and stuff like that yeah from various seizures and things yeah yeah so they get some sort of spspecies idea stuff it ' s group group training yeah
102. ' re more affluent yeah erm and there ' s very much culture of snobbery of of interest yeah yeah in status symbols yeah of all sorts yeah so whereas it used to be you know tiger skin on the wall yeah now it ' s for the youngsters it ' s going out getting pissed and being able to have rhino horn as a hangover cure yeah and or buy it for your grandma
108. an old dog alright erm yeah and so again and so it goes on but you get the idea yeah yeah erm oh god i mean that is extraordinary too yes i mean that ' s my tiger i only had it it ' s just sandstone the way it ' s eroded the way that to me is definitely is a mouse and the way it ' s yes yes there is a very yeah humanistic
109. ' s yes yes there is a very yeah humanistic mouse it oh it is it is yes definitely you know definitely yeah erm but with the stripes yes exa yes absolutely has to be a tiger a tiger yeah yeah that ' s a bird that ' s a bird a penguin i suppose sort of the yeah a sort of penguin i mean it ' s closest to a penguin i think yeah yeah yeah
110. yes yes there is a very yeah humanistic mouse it oh it is it is yes definitely you know definitely yeah erm but with the stripes yes exa yes absolutely has to be a tiger a tiger yeah yeah that ' s a bird that ' s a bird a penguin i suppose sort of the yeah a sort of penguin i mean it ' s closest to a penguin i think yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
111. you ' d think that would be a a shocker to end all shockers wouldn ' t you turning a man into a woman against his own will and then see a woman raped by a human tiger a human tiger? oh my god that was pretty bad huh a woman who was once a man huh and had fake skin uh huh can ' t understand why the altar boy has to get the priest und
112. think that would be a a shocker to end all shockers wouldn ' t you turning a man into a woman against his own will and then see a woman raped by a human tiger a human tiger? oh my god that was pretty bad huh a woman who was once a man huh and had fake skin uh huh can ' t understand why the altar boy has to get the priest undressed though that
117. actively sear seek you out or? is it just if you get in their path? well i guess generally maybe sometimes if people are crossing but there are where they tend to go hunting for a tiger and killing it is if they ' ve killed a human once you know? obviously if they once they ' ve yeah killed a human then they might see it as prey then in the future and start actively
118. ? i don ' t know they must just kind of miaow yeah well not miaow i don ' t know they must make a different like a noise classed as something else what ' s a tiger r oh tiger yeah they don ' t roar like a lion but it ' s like ra yeah quite deep and like a er growl yeah and it ' s like a it ' s almost like a pu
119. ' t know they must just kind of miaow yeah well not miaow i don ' t know they must make a different like a noise classed as something else what ' s a tiger r oh tiger yeah they don ' t roar like a lion but it ' s like ra yeah quite deep and like a er growl yeah and it ' s like a it ' s almost like a purr underneath but
120. ' t they? i know like i wish i could do that but it ' s like a natural thing they must have with animals yeah did you see that documentary by those men who had a pet tiger and they were like oh no a lion yeah yeah yeah i erm a lion and then that was a lion they bought it in paris yeah and then at the reunion thing where he comes and it recognise
121. you wouldn ' t be like oh there ' s other humans like oh what are they? they ' re like how would they? would you class er er the different kind of cat a lion and tiger they ' re classed as different species aren ' t they? i don ' t know are they like variations or something? the species is kind of the cat family isn ' t there? yeah but then

