Cluster 1
3. t stand on it my leg was where it was you should have looked well it ' s amounted to the same thing it ' s not amounting to the same thing at all it ' s your responsibility well your foot was in it or it was under your foot my foot was just where it was it ' s the same thing naive immature callow showing lack of informational experience spiritless meagre
4. i want you to bring the the i wanted you to get the shoes anyway oh would you go upstairs then? no darling i ' ve just had a day at work i think it ' s your responsibility i ' ve had too long at work i ' ve printed out this brochure darling yes you said darling well look it means we can look at it like this and that was the one that was
11. depending on perhaps you know if the market had slumped in one particular area or something we might run sessions on erm erm you know alternatives to or so so did you see it as er your responsibility to guide them into what was out there jobwise? erm yes thththe very frustrating thing for the majority of career services is that it ' s quite rare for it to be compulsory for students
13. a there ' s a clash between the law in terms of equal opportunities and that was yeah mm mm i mean one of the things i didn ' t say was that careers advisers have a sort of responsibility to keep up to date with all those sorts of things so maybe shooting off to see sort of employers probably on average they do i don ' t know for the whole team we probably did about forty or
15. i mean going back to the do you keep in touch? erm the gove it ' s a government requirement that erm we collect destination data for all of them and that ' s a responsibility that ' s always delegated to careers services so you have teams on the phone over a period of five or six weeks in the mm usually february march time to find out what they ' re doing six
18. his mum wouldn ' t let him cos he can never get er up in the morning to get the bus which is true cos he er missed well if he wants to it ' s his responsibility to get up isn ' t it? she did say to him if he got up if he got the bus every time and he got to school on time oh yeah he ' s always missing the bus
19. a and then what they ' ve done they ' ve disturbed a spring and so she ' s having to pay for a pump to pump out the water on to the street why ' s that her responsibility? because it ' s her house and her property but someone else yeah but but but ethically should it be? if somebody else has made so she just well this is what she said it ' s
20. away but he he won ' t sit there and make us all feel physically sick i know exactly and the and the other thing even if the kid does wanna do that it ' s the parents ' responsibility to say er no you ' re going to bed or stuff i ' ve got a bit of a bellyache dad yeah then he ' ll walk about for five minutes and and he ' s alright yeah
23. t imagine i mean gets in a flack just from anything he says and does uhu from certain people and okay and it would be really hard work but you do think it is kind of the responsibility do you know what? of the school and there should be certain things that we all do you know what? one of the things that came up bearing in mind it was a very minor thing one of
31. ? no no no people won ' t there it is because you ' re on your own free will and that yeah yeah it ' s it ' s up to you mm now it ' s your responsibility shall we say? yeah mm do you know i think these daffs are really coming out now aren ' t they? have you noticed just some tins left it might be a bit of the bit
35. think i ' ve i did a bit of research and people on forums saying s they ' d been mis - sold yeah the right s the wrong size bike and they just really it ' s your responsibility you i should ' ve checked it you know? if i mm think it ' s comfortable i ' m the customer and i bought a bike and it ' s my fault really but when i take it
36. kill yourself from overdose? no because then that because then that then impacts on other people in the way that alcohol can make you endanger other people drugs will i do believe that the government has a responsibility of care to its citizens so you shouldn ' t let people overdose the government already spends billions every year trying to fix alcoholics yeah and healthcare and stuff as well so yeah and it spends billions just as
37. as i used to yeah but it ' s still kind of like obviously a part of me still just like i want to help him and then a part of me is like it ' s not my responsibility to help him anymore he ' s not my boyfriend no it ' s not if you think about it if it was the other way round he wouldn ' t yeah oh no cos you know he wouldn
38. t know this but even though we had a connecting flight you do always have to take your baggage off at la ah and then you have to put it back on oh right okay it ' s your responsibility yeah yeah and you have forty minutes to do this in oh god when we came out of the plane we were briefed on the plane yeah right they said you have to anybody who ' s making this
40. thought it was what he ' d done yeah and i thought well i don ' t want to get the gas board out cost they ' re gonna say no it ' s your plumber yeah our responsibility ends at the meter you know yeah and they ' d probably give him a a black mark on his corgi registration or something they would wouldn ' t they yeah? for not doing it right anyway
41. rely on them to be able to go and stuff like that yeah mm and i always had to go yeah i always had to go and do the cash and carry so that was er quite a big responsibility when you ' re yeah ten and eleven right used to have to go to the cash and carry and pay and stuff like that yeah you wouldn ' t be able to do it now but that ' s
44. mm otherwise we ' ll be in trouble i ' ll put something like that please badge you ' re taking it on yourself to do this? i am oh are you? i that ' s my responsibility is the whole of the members whatever the food the bar is it? that ' s the trouble and but she ' s oh she ' s good she won ' t she doesn ' t care what she
45. t question that you haven ' t put any ornaments or pictures on it yeah exactly and doesn ' t just say do you have ornaments and pictures? yeah they should have i mean it ' s their responsibility as well isn ' t it? mm anyway not to worry panic yeah it ' s all fine isn ' t it? we panicked and they he was in a meeting for an hour and a half so
46. ' s tax in this country? it depends on how you ' re getting your income if you ' re employed in a company and you receive a wage or salary then it is your employer ' s responsibility to calculate and deduct the tax and pay it over to the inland revenue mm mm uh - huh erm if you are self employed it is then your responsibility to estimate in advance how much income
47. it is your employer ' s responsibility to calculate and deduct the tax and pay it over to the inland revenue mm mm uh - huh erm if you are self employed it is then your responsibility to estimate in advance how much income you ' re going to have and calculate from that how much tax you ' re going to be due to pay and to make payments on account so that you don '
52. said to mum you ' re only going to buy her stuff anyway so you may as well give it directly to her and then exactly yeah she ' s old enough now to know that money ' s responsibility yeah that ' s a really good idea another good good parenting technique don ' t know where it comes from yeah from your parents? no no definitely not my parents after think i was adopted yeah i know
53. one ever argued with my dad no cos what he what he said went yeah well they must ' ve trusted him if he was sent down to start up a new factory that ' s a big responsibility isn ' t it? yeah well yes and i suppose wartime it was even more responsibility cos yes most of the sort of er people at the top end w are the in the military m called up
54. they must ' ve trusted him if he was sent down to start up a new factory that ' s a big responsibility isn ' t it? yeah well yes and i suppose wartime it was even more responsibility cos yes most of the sort of er people at the top end w are the in the military m called up ah they got called up? ah right yeah and so then people like my dad was
55. yeah he was in the first world war not the second yes yes so he was erm more or less in charge of weekends in the whole factory or something cor yeah that ' s quite a responsibility yeah yeah yeah they had about five hundred workers there yeah they had something of that size yeah oh that ' s huge yeah yes and did it stay making cellophane d throughout the war or did it
57. equipment ah and you ' d be in charge of like the um training the people there too i ' d i ' d be there to help and advise them but also i ' d be my main responsibility i think would be to get them to make material that i could then that could then go on the website so erm but yeah also help and support them and give them ideas just stuff and that sounds
58. have to have editorial judgement because the piece that you know i have to be making it in an editorial way i do have an editor who then will listen to stuff but you know it ' s my responsibility basically she may she may advise me on on things but then i also advise people on editorial as well mm so people in the i ' ll talk to them about how they so the story how to balance
62. wanted to to go to work i would pay for my children to be looked after mm nobody else would it wasn ' t yeah it wasn ' t like it wasn ' t their their dad ' s responsibility lo to look after them i ' m very old - fashioned like that it was i ' m the mum it ' s my responsibility mm so if i ' m not going to be there to look after
63. wasn ' t like it wasn ' t their their dad ' s responsibility lo to look after them i ' m very old - fashioned like that it was i ' m the mum it ' s my responsibility mm so if i ' m not going to be there to look after them i will earn the money to pay for them to be there yeah looked after yeah if it was the difference between staying home with
72. ##p what we what we can actually do here no we don ' t do we? because we can no no honestly because it ' s not like this can ' t change it ' s not your responsibility to help with this like you wouldn ' t be you know? it ' s not it ' s just up to me to sort this out and i just yeah anyway how have you been? we '
76. ##less cos she ' d missed most of it yeah she ' d got there very very late anyway how were her friends meant to control what does? why is it? it ' s not their responsibility no i know it ' s ridiculous oh yeah and then he said because what a stupid thing to do blaming then he said and the only thing i can remember that told me he said and he he said
77. all creators of the reality that we perceive so even these shy kids are having that experience in this moment for a reason yeah part of their sort of higher and greater development and it ' s not your responsibility and it ' s not necessarily your place to interfere with their free will creation mm hm that is obviously serving them at this moment i know hm yeah i just want them to i want them to pass the
78. get full pay whereas she got full pay for six months right and i think you ' re just making a rash decision and she was in the end yeah panicking yeah it ' s just a huge responsibility isn ' t it? yeah i think if you panic about it shows you ' re taking it seriously and you actually give a crap about it but just like have i beaten have i already got a man
85. a training in iceland or or went to iceland yeah you told me that yeah they get paid pretty well headteachers do they? yeah i don ' t know about but it ' s a big responsibility isn ' t it? i don ' t know about in his school but i mean when i ' ve seen job adverts for headteachers they ' re usually on about sixty grand yeah it
87. s probably because she tries to try and sell it mm or she just wants to keep it nice because she has some respect for it when the binmen go on strike shouldn ' t it be the responsibility of the government to hire temporary workers to do it still? yeah i don ' t feel things just shouldn ' t get done don ' t know what to do with this done mm i don ' t
88. set it ' s gonna be pretty how do they get round the back? don ' t worry about the back windows really just have your front ones cleaned well yeah problem is we it ' s our responsibility to lea yeah but they i mean i think if we left them they ' d be worse come this time next year than they were when we arrived yeah so i think they did you tell them about it
93. first saturday overtime he ' s down at all really? and it ' s and it ' s their department that ' s kicking off? it ' s it ' s them yeah it ' s their responsibility so what ' s going on? why is it so busy? because originally the vocational qualifications of historical records was based in coventry eh they closed them down to save money right so where are they now?
95. ' s speaking there you go and somebody is gonna be listening to us in the future and using it for their dissertation right maybe i don ' t know right well then that ' s a very grave responsibility that i ' ve got here in my not at all throat not at all ah so do you wanna stop and watch the tv? i ' m easy oh we know that but well not really i mean
98. ' d put it into a machine and it registers your time on a on a disk or something but now it ' s probably all digital now yeah i would imagine and it is the driver ' s responsibility not to come and so if you go over the hours then you are accountable you lose your licence and have a fine and even worse which it it ' s a good thing to have because you know in
103. would you like to do that? yeah oh that would be lovely that would be very sweet and i ' ll be like you could do that every day you could bye - bye that could be your responsibility ah mm cos that ' s what erm ' s brother and sister do isn ' t it? and that ' s what ' s sister used to do in reception yeah i could like i '
111. you rather than having to like come up with stuff himself mm that down yeah too much butter too much milk shit that ' s a good point actually cos most boys actually feel like they have a responsibility to mm yeah to lead the conversation i mean i ' m not sure how i feel about that if i was a boy really mm if i were a boy how is your mash potato going? going
117. how many days? like eight days before the end of the course? yeah erm but becau but just remember though it ' s not your fault yeah like it ' s not yeah your responsibility to pick up the money for this like it ' s completely yeah their responsibility cos they i know have made the mistake here you should get that appeal because your case is just like it it makes sense
118. erm but becau but just remember though it ' s not your fault yeah like it ' s not yeah your responsibility to pick up the money for this like it ' s completely yeah their responsibility cos they i know have made the mistake here you should get that appeal because your case is just like it it makes sense mm erm yeah and you ' ve got loads of evidence you ' ve
124. t that bad if you were just getting out into lane but huh no he was just yeah so interestingly legally if i hadn ' t seen him and we had hit him that would have been his responsibility because he was undertaking right yeah because that would have been driving without due care and attention right because undertaking is actually illegal yes right erm well at least not specifically it ' s frowned on in the highway
127. right and they they ' ll know on their records if the train was late but oh if you do ssay driving to the first station yeah something goes wrong and you ' re it ' s your responsibility mm and you miss your first train then you have to start buying tickets from scratch and it costs you a fortune that oh you see so he was a little bit worried about that yeah no erm but
130. if you had a class of kids who were used to being taught and who know how you know the the behaviour for learning that they know how that works and they understand that they ' ve got a responsibility to put their part in i mean would be a fantastic teacher yeah i think teacher ' s give up i think you get in the situation like said that they had he he could understand where the problems were
131. who ' s got several kids she said well there ' s nothing else for them to do well if you ' ve got children it ' s your respon it ' s not somebody else ' s responsibility to find things for them to do no you ' ve had them it ' s your responsibility to make to sort of totally and they don ' t see it as their responsibility to actually perhaps read with the
132. well if you ' ve got children it ' s your respon it ' s not somebody else ' s responsibility to find things for them to do no you ' ve had them it ' s your responsibility to make to sort of totally and they don ' t see it as their responsibility to actually perhaps read with the children or do things with the children even if it ' s taking them to the park and
133. not somebody else ' s responsibility to find things for them to do no you ' ve had them it ' s your responsibility to make to sort of totally and they don ' t see it as their responsibility to actually perhaps read with the children or do things with the children even if it ' s taking them to the park and overseeing a game of football well somebody else should be doing that not me so were
134. if they don ' t so do you think your tutor would you she get in touch with you if she ' d been contacted? i would have to get in contact i think it ' s my responsibility to get references so so what? they will contact you and say you ' ve got an interview get a reference provide references yeah contact your references and get them to have you spoken put them in have you
135. me through to the environment department? yeah that would do i ' d like to talk about some fly - tipping huh ha yeah that would be worth it because ultimately it ' s the council ' s responsibility to sort it out yeah like er er obviously it ' s it ' s er wouldn ' t be his responsibility to put that bollard in but well no you could say first thing we need would
136. huh ha yeah that would be worth it because ultimately it ' s the council ' s responsibility to sort it out yeah like er er obviously it ' s it ' s er wouldn ' t be his responsibility to put that bollard in but well no you could say first thing we need would be for you to put a bollard in yeah couldn ' t we if they ' re dragging their feet
143. but it ' s my it ' s ah just a it ' s it ' s just as much you can ' t you can ' t that cos now it ' s just as much my responsibility as the guys yeah nothing bad can happen er it ' s closing up now yeah? okay cheers okay cheers let ' s go three two oh wait er one just said your name at that point why me
145. at the top mm cos people have been disgusting not washing their hands or anything like that so mm it ' s really dirty at the bottom yeah yeah and obviously that ' s the landlord ' s responsibility but it ' d be quite nice to sort of mm say to her look it ' s only a couple of quid from b and q or something yeah can you just have it replaced cos that
146. he ' s still you ' re older than your sister yeah i ' m the oldest i ' m the oldest too how old is? ' s the youngest and we mm it ' s a different responsibility being the oldest to being the youngest i think yeah i don ' t know it ' s a pretty different responsibility depends on your siblings yeah it was in my family always acted or demanded it is a different
147. too how old is? ' s the youngest and we mm it ' s a different responsibility being the oldest to being the youngest i think yeah i don ' t know it ' s a pretty different responsibility depends on your siblings yeah it was in my family always acted or demanded it is a different responsibility to really oh well with three kids that sounds like it ' s i don ' t know yeah i had
148. the oldest to being the youngest i think yeah i don ' t know it ' s a pretty different responsibility depends on your siblings yeah it was in my family always acted or demanded it is a different responsibility to really oh well with three kids that sounds like it ' s i don ' t know yeah i had a student that were like fifteen no that ' s just a fucking nightmare are you going to the
151. him did you? you know my hebrew ' s rubbish he ' s to blame did you say that to him? yeah it says it says in the talmud that it ' s the father ' s responsibility oh yeah but how did that go down? it was his poof don ' t ah i was really trying to get transported when you were reading i was thinking of all the all my pr my fore
152. on the other hand there ' s so many of these pregnancy test things that show right from the very beginning that whether they ' re positive or not so are you saying then that it ' s your responsibility to take these tests early and yeah constantly and frequently so if you ' re in a sexual relationship then what you need to be taking this every couple of weeks? no no but if like you ' re
154. the other no one ' s name no but you know i said well why don ' t you get a tractor and just accidentally swing it round it ' s it belong the the field is ' s responsibility yeah he came round and he had coffee and that mm erm but i think the other one ' s even more angry isn ' t he? yeah it is ' s sort of field and he doesn
159. so protective all the time if she ever left the house i ' d be worrying like what would happen to her er and you know well i sort of said but you know it ' s not her responsibility to learn how to sort of er protect herself it should be sort of the responsibility of or the education of young men saying mm stop attacking people please er and i fefeel quite strongly about this yeah
160. like what would happen to her er and you know well i sort of said but you know it ' s not her responsibility to learn how to sort of er protect herself it should be sort of the responsibility of or the education of young men saying mm stop attacking people please er and i fefeel quite strongly about this yeah i think we have a a lot of that in uk culture in particular is teaching
164. me to no that ' ll probably make it worse to be honest it ' s not like i ' m heavily affected by it mm it still shouldn ' t happen and it ' s the teachers ' responsibility to have a place where that kind of thing doesn ' t go on mm mm it didn ' t happen as much in for the last year and a half or like two and a half years or whatever
165. in september uh - huh but er you know if you think like she obviously likes her clothes she ' s only young likes her clothes likes going to concerts and things really she ' ll have the added responsibility of a paying three thousand three hundred fff yeah and then having to run a car mhm mm you know put petrol in and everything so it was a joint decision do they do that to tut
168. that ' s not very much but we enjoy it really? it no it ' s ridiculously little i it really is ridiculously little that ' s so tiny because that ' s quite a big responsibility being oh it is yeah responsible for a great big room of er yeah kids i mean if if we completely messed it up you know there ' s there ' s a ratio of people there there are you
179. ' t feel they need the right if they ' re not intellectually capable of it mm they should be quite happy and satisfied that they have other options open and it ' s the state ' s responsibility to yeah provide those other options yeah which are viable options er and worthwhile options erm and financially satisfying options yeah yeah it should not er our higher education should not be the be all and end all
180. got to research and think and put it down do it in the same way and yeah that bodes well mm yeah well it helps that i head up the admin team so it ' s my responsibility to make sure every quote that goes out every bit of communication everything on the website every even down to templates that the customer service team use for letters or emails that are going ro going out everything i
182. know that ' s much better cos everyone knew that they had that room and that was the room they were going to and no arguments but again yeah it ' s like it wasn ' t our responsibility to do that but it made our life al our lives a lot easier yeah it ' s a good job that you knew what it was going to be like yeah so you were there to sort it out
184. to like kind of face the truth cos yeah this this isn ' t ideal yeah i mean it ' s ideal for you like personally but yeah as a race do you not think we have a responsibility to not just lock ourselves into a room plug ourselves into a computer and live out whatever we want? yeah wasn ' t that the plot of a futurama episode with the er fake women? fake
185. yours? yeah um yeah i want to wear that i ' m quite happy just to stand at the side wearing it oo i ' ll make this happen for you it ' ll become my sole responsibility to ensure that you can that i wear show jumping stuff get dressed up like you ' re jumping and be really happy about i ' d even go on a little trot round not jumping though jumps?
194. periodically we go to the dump yeah most people go to the dump with an awful lot of stuff mm but again it goes back to what we were talking about last night the initia individual ' s responsibility they don ' t well again they they don ' t think that ' s another one it ' s like you know they put it in a bucket and it goes yeah someone deals with it end of it
199. of what was going on? no he said i have no knowledge of this and it it ' s i ' m totally erm dismayed by the whole event oh dear but it ' s my responsibility and we need a fresh start is he mr american volkswagen or mr mr mr overall volkswagen he ' s the chief exec mr oh god yeah oh no he ' s a nice german name poor them yeah

Cluster 2
0. it seems to be sort of it ' s like how in religion you know you ask for forgiveness from god you sort of yeah yeah it ' s like scapegoating it ' s not taking responsibility and you ' re not improving yourself if you you know say you ' re finding it hard yeah change that ' s why but everyone has the capacity to improve it ' s just i guess fight club '
1. it ' s just very nice drinking tea and eating cake yes and occasionally doing some work it ' s um yeah it ' s it ' s nice it ' s very low pressure and i have more responsibility now which is nice low pressure but with responsibility mm um i ' m wondering whether to open that one or leave it or just have some of that one um go for it just open it should i fill
2. eating cake yes and occasionally doing some work it ' s um yeah it ' s it ' s nice it ' s very low pressure and i have more responsibility now which is nice low pressure but with responsibility mm um i ' m wondering whether to open that one or leave it or just have some of that one um go for it just open it should i fill this up? oh that would be lovely thank
5. he probably could have done it yeah but i still think i ' d have asked for an extension yeah but mum when you ' re in gcse year you ' ve got to take some more responsibility yeah well and you ' ve got exams that count haven ' t you in gcse? anyway the the point of it was talking about the next table because we ' re this close to the next
6. she has to take decisions that are for the entire property mm like she ' s got people coming to to her for her to train them on best practice mm like she has to really take a massive responsibility for it mm i ' m not talking like a manager in a team of managers perhaps mm with someone as her direct line mm nah nada she ' s it hello? um british gas british gas how
7. ##dr was it childhood something he had? con he had polio yeah polio yeah and obviously it did kill him i mean it was the war would have killed him probably with with the kind of responsibility and anxiety and stress but mm you know it ' s it is quite amazing if you see a lot of people erm who you know the old the seventies generation of labour mps who were dragged out because
8. erm but he curtailed his erm his tour of duty to get one in london cos i was thinking he said about his girlfriend but i was thinking you didn ' t want all that responsibility on your shoulders mm and what the mindset seems to be now is that the new graduate that comes in after a very short period is going to be running the and i was thinking and and the cha
9. bad well i fi figured that bit i figured that bit and i was just like that was my bad i do i ' m not gonna say oh yeah i really no i take no i take complete responsibility actually i probably told him that you know she probably hasn ' t seen the best of you either but no no i take responsibility for probably not also saying hello to him oh i know but you know i
10. not gonna say oh yeah i really no i take no i take complete responsibility actually i probably told him that you know she probably hasn ' t seen the best of you either but no no i take responsibility for probably not also saying hello to him oh i know but you know i don ' t but that ' s the thing next time i don ' t i don ' t i don ' t have to
12. or i can ' t remember business and engineering are the ones but she went to erm and you know was quickly licked into a very slick shape and method of working and given quite a lot of responsibility and it was competitive and it it mm mm so she wanted to get back out to work she wanted to well she just got a taste of what life really was about you know you have student jobs where
14. be twenty - seven and you would have done probably five years worth of different chunks of placements and so on and you ' d go into a proper job as it were with a certain level of responsibility and you still have child benefit? yeah that ' s true really? that ' s true yes cos when we were in that ' s what happened they were paying through her university i got a hundred
16. really shouldn ' t be driving in a lot of cases yeah yeah i dunno i just cos when you ' ve got that money there ' s a very there ' s a certain lack of responsibility yeah just buy another one well you can ' t really they don ' t make them well er yeah maybe i suspect they ' ll try and repair it but er but it ' s not it doesn '
17. well it ' s just to inform you that obviously i cannot guarantee that maddie will be the colour that she is now when you return no who took the blame for imogen? and i take no responsibility whatsoever for her changing colour from white to black dad laughed and what have you mm oh but i thought she ain ' t gonna be that colour when mum and dad come back to collect her because she '
21. ' t just be like oh that ' s my ticket punched yeah yeah see you later yeah you can ' t do it clock out yeah that ' s not what you do that your whole job is responsibility full stop yeah they could fall over or piss themselves or yeah anything it ' s the same with me er i could never do it when i done security i could never do it i i was looking after
22. be able to do is say yeah i know yeah yeah that these basic things happen in yeah every class we have mm which is true you know when you think about it yeah you do need to take responsibility with what ' s happe you can ' t just say this is true it ' s nice working at the school because they don ' t interfere too much mm but you can ' t just say i
24. have time we ' ll do this mm and we mainly mm want to do this okay okay so er st branded standardisation yes policy so what else? the house style basically he was talking about collective responsibility oh okay that that must include all teachers and i was just trying to imagine any of that stuff at work what do you mean? what do you mean the collective responsibility? that that that the school that
25. basically he was talking about collective responsibility oh okay that that must include all teachers and i was just trying to imagine any of that stuff at work what do you mean? what do you mean the collective responsibility? that that that the school that everybody takes collective responsibility for what happens oh that ' s in the school but then but then if you ' re going to take collective responsibility then you have to have you
26. must include all teachers and i was just trying to imagine any of that stuff at work what do you mean? what do you mean the collective responsibility? that that that the school that everybody takes collective responsibility for what happens oh that ' s in the school but then but then if you ' re going to take collective responsibility then you have to have you have to this sounds ridiculous you have to you have to
27. do you mean the collective responsibility? that that that the school that everybody takes collective responsibility for what happens oh that ' s in the school but then but then if you ' re going to take collective responsibility then you have to have you have to this sounds ridiculous you have to you have to have collective responsibility you have to foster the culture of collaboration and trust well how are you gonna do that if you '
28. oh that ' s in the school but then but then if you ' re going to take collective responsibility then you have to have you have to this sounds ridiculous you have to you have to have collective responsibility you have to foster the culture of collaboration and trust well how are you gonna do that if you ' ve got such a you have to have shared visions and goals top down management system? well no you
29. the managers? no the managers there ' s no reason why they shouldn ' t say you all have to do this this this mm and this yeah because if you thi it is kind of taking responsibility it saying we care what goes on what the managers and also taking responsibility? makes it easier to a certain point for a new teachers coming in mm if they ' re told at the beginning this is the
30. ' t say you all have to do this this this mm and this yeah because if you thi it is kind of taking responsibility it saying we care what goes on what the managers and also taking responsibility? makes it easier to a certain point for a new teachers coming in mm if they ' re told at the beginning this is the way we do but i i do you know who i think the best
32. so angry and like the thing is the the peop er the people that you rile at understand and know yeah and they know that it ' s bad i think someone ' s got to take responsibility they could just employ me interim period three months mm mm bosh bosh off you go absolutely that ' d be great well they ' re supposed to be going through this they could just pay me for
33. grace of god the books actually end up with a with a cover is th yeah certainly not through marketing and she said actually you kind of want a massive cock - up for them to take er yeah responsibility um er i mean even at christmas we had a um an instance where all the books were printed you know two thousand copies had been printed with no covers which meant that they manually then had to add the
34. missed out on um being an officer yeah so you go in at ratings levels sort of are you like cannon fodder yeah yeah and you get paid thirteen grand a year less mm and have no responsibility mm is she really serious about it though? it sounds nuts to me no well i dunno she is pretty serious but i don ' t know whether that ' s just to er cover up the fact
39. ? oh well i build up the relationships with them so that now we ' re doing things like proprojects with them erm obviously the careers fairs which i don ' t actually have totally responsibility for hr does that thank goodness i just go along to a few i feel like going to erm i helped redo the graduate assessment process did all that recently erm did the apprentice assessment process recently
42. complete violence it doesn ' t to me it makes very little sense that europe takes their side that side because of the history mm of why israel was established in the first place you know we have a responsibility europe takes the side of the the huge underdog it ' s no i just don ' t think it ' s an excuse it ' s an underdog but it ' s you know it ' s
43. anyway but if we ' ve got other people to do it for us we could probably do it a bit faster which would be good but no i i suspect that having lot of money is is more responsibility than anything else and it ' s not one i think i i would do my utmost to get to get rid of it you know yeah it ' s all relative isn ' t it? you ' d
48. bed erm but i why should somebody whose skills enable them to manage thousands of people be greater than somebody whose skills enable them to manage a broom? you know there should be a small increase for responsibility but the main payment should be for effort and the effort proportional to their ability yeah if you say that there should be a reward for ability that kind of goes against what you said earlier because it you know
49. you say that there should be a reward for ability that kind of goes against what you said earlier because it you know people aren ' t born there should be when i say for ability for degrees of responsibility there should be some reward mm mm but it it has got totally out of proportion yeah i agree yeah i i think that a a bonus of fifteen percent of anybody ' s salary is a perfectly adequate er
50. unfair what had he given you a a rise? a much lower rise than i believed was merited and i believed was reflected in what others on the same sort of level and the same sort of responsibility were getting hmm mm and i made it very clear that i thought it was personal and ultimately it proved it was erm but i i didn ' t erm having made that objection i then sort of
51. i think is a much greater motivating factor than the money yeah true and i see what you mean but i think if if you take away the incentive of a little bit more money for more responsibility there would be a lot of people that weren ' t motivated to go for it i think it would be nice if we could all live in a world where everyone was the same and everybody was treated the
56. really an accomplice to murder are you? not really no i thought that was a bit mean yeah that you know he may ' ve egged him or he may not but either way the responsibility lies with the driver yeah and not with the passenger yeah so i don ' t know maybe there were some u extenuating circumstances but seemed quite harsh but they ' re always like that the police aren
59. doesn ' t remember dates and i it ' s probably very much like um she doesn ' t make an effort to remember them because she knows that your mother will er i don ' t know take responsibility mm i don ' t know er i think her memory for past events is not too bad but i ' ve noticed that she ' s got things incidents from two separate occurrences mixed um runs in the family
60. is a must with duck pancakes or stuffed oh mmushrooms we should get a duck stuffed mushrooms? yeah that ' s it drink responsibly hold on yeah okay you can stop now drink responsibility stop how many how any units have you had? i haven ' t had many of them not enough not enough to win tomorrow three to four? erm yeah we ' ve had three to four probably
61. for ' s second serve mm he won ' t do that with you he won ' t do that with you why not? no cos he ' s losing cos he no he has a responsibility well for for them and i don ' t think i don ' t as much as he wants to win he ' s not stupid he ' s not gonna hit them oh hit the ball at them?
64. new cohort of kids she ' ll be going in new when they go up to the next class mm erm and erm usually what they would do is they ' d give some children the responsibility of being hom a mentor you know a couple of children just show her round and look after her in school and be her mentor in school so for missing september it ' s not like it ' s
65. it ' s a good idea mm isn ' t it? well i ' m sure that er in many ways that she ' d prefer me to for her not to have to have the er responsibilities responsibility and the inconvenience of it all although she said her mother can look after her in well but it ' s a horrible farm dirty old f is it? build yeah mm it really is disgusting
66. and do but they have to do it it ' s a prerequisite for their course they have to study english so i have a lot more work to do on that front and a lot more responsibility but i don ' t have any office hours so if i ' m teaching three to five hours a day when i ' m done i go home i ' m finished and i live on campus so i
67. of the day i paid for your ticket oh right okay in that case i won ' t pay you back the money then if that ' s the case if you wanna be if you wanna be taking responsibility for paying for the ticket then you can happily do that darling i meant to get you here on time for the party which didn ' t happen we ' re going to have a great night though there '
68. i am surprised how did you get them put in? er it ' s kinda minging they do like a hole punch thing and take a like a cylinder of skin out i ' m not taking responsibility if it jumps on me ah cool sounds lovely sounds terrible that ' s nice i think someone ' s excited cos their gonna be there yes you ' re gonna i am is he coming now then?
69. fairly common people you know yes living in the restaurants they ' re working in yeah but and like they didn ' t have passports but erm yeah sometimes they have passports although having them will you know responsibility no? i i ' m happy with pizza yeah i ' m happy with pizza too i would just let me finish the options yeah there was also to come an indian which is pretty nice erm then
70. t do anything either kind of does stuff erm it ' s not really for you to it should be her chasing you up really yeah but there ' s also the fact that i should have personal responsibility but erm yeah there ' s also the fact that i ' m like whenever we used to sit in groups cos er during cricket meetings yeah she would not try and talk to any of us she
71. herself i don ' t know that she ' s that sure of herself or she doesn ' t really know what she ' s doing but er the point is i know you said you have the personal responsibility but she ' s been given the role and the title of assistant head girl because she ' s claimed that she has all these leadership skills and can bring a team together so it should be her that '
73. fear of like i see m al everything i have to do is a big blur that ' s impossible it ' s not even like separate tasks no it ' s just this big splodge of responsibility and effort and crap but mm if i actually write down like separate out what i have to do it ' s like it ' s not this impossible mine of stuff it ' s actually it ' s not
74. i feel like he understands and i said to him about even about the w in the hot so we were in the hotel and we had a conversation very similar to this in which i kind of took responsibility for the the way that we i behaved if we were together and that i kind of panicked if something went wrong mm and i said but you never said anything back did you not think no wonder i panicked
75. that oh i can ' t do anything about it it ' s changed my personality bollocks yeah it ' s just that you know it ' s it ' s like he ' s not taking responsibility he ' s just saying woe is me i ' m such a bad you know i ' m such a bad friend oh dear oh dear he never does anything about it because this is hardly the first
79. all them beds i mean we don ' t get done till well sometimes after it ' s a lot a lot a lot after twelve to expect volunteers to do cos there ' s a lot of responsibility there yeah yeah i mean we have to do all the paperwork and everything else yeah you know it ' s not just it ' s not just take their money looking after people you just have yeah yeah it
80. ##ting the cats i will always get the last clap want to go outside? i don ' t know your mum was like i got a cake for i was like no don ' t give me the responsibility i don ' t want to do it i love how it says extremely chocolatey party what did what did you put the timer on for? cos i and then i said oh two and a half
81. and fight for what you believe in erm i can do what i can to take the corruption out of politics and to start changing the system from within but it is down to you take some fucking responsibility and i wonder if corbyn is going to be a little bit like that as well so i do wonder and actually i suppose if you look back at the end of the eighties and the collapse of
82. i know i know i know but i genuinely don ' t think i could imagine having children before thirty well i just feel like i know this will sound really stupid but it ' s a lot of responsibility yeah i don ' t think i ' m old enough for that yet no like it ' s weird cos ' s twenty - eight this year is twenty - seven this year erm is thirty in
83. yeah and the body and everything and go mm how are you living your life? it would be but that ' s to do with the individual that needs to understand that there ' s an element of responsibility there are probably a lot of doctors themselves don ' t even oh no know how to live their lives and smoke and drink yeah and yeah yeah yes it ' s like if something ' s if something '
84. done for the day and you know i ' ve got planning to do but i can sit in my pants at home on the computer yeah and do it yeah so i like that freedom yeah and the responsibility i had i i had to to completely grade them i had to observe them i had to make up the exams for the classes i had to it was nice to have yeah i had to write the exams
86. in his school but i mean when i ' ve seen job adverts for headteachers they ' re usually on about sixty grand yeah it ' s ridiculous mm but it is a lot of responsibility but when you think the teachers are only on about twenty grand are they? yeah teachers are you sure they ' re not on more than that? teachers start on twenty and finish on thirty you get paid
89. good you ' ve done this but kind of two weeks too late you should have done this two weeks ago yeah agreeing to something then changing your mind and blaming me twenty - four hours later sorry take responsibility for yourself yeah for sure don ' t blame me it wasn ' t true then yeah this is getting a bit nastier now general weakness of mind this is like the thirty changing your mind and blaming me
90. but it ' s not helping you ' re an adult of course you ' re an adult you don ' t need a father like that any more ye you ' re right avoiding respons all responsibility except financial and assuming money makes up for it it doesn ' t like with your grandfather you you needed to be responsible and spend time with him yeah you didn ' t you assumed i mean i felt he
91. knew they had a heart problem but didn ' t bother to tell anybody oh dear er yeah so now they put this huge disclaimer next to the walk by clicking on accept you are accepting all responsibility oh right yeah we accept no responsibility for your health if you turn up with the wrong footwear it ' s nothing to do with us yeah yeah but they have to i mean he could have sued that
92. didn ' t bother to tell anybody oh dear er yeah so now they put this huge disclaimer next to the walk by clicking on accept you are accepting all responsibility oh right yeah we accept no responsibility for your health if you turn up with the wrong footwear it ' s nothing to do with us yeah yeah but they have to i mean he could have sued that man couldn ' t he? co
94. thing we ' ve always moved moved in in korea to these like ready made apartments and you can ' t change anything or do anything can you? so it ' s a little bit strange having the responsibility of an actual an actual flat yeah say cheese say cheese cheese big smile shall we have some cream tea then? do you want a coffee or a tea? or erm tea with the cream tea cream
96. about it and be like look i ' m debating whether or not to ask you like in the future whether or not to be a bridesmaid mm i ' d be like would you like that responsibility or i don ' t want her to be my bridesmaid though right now at this moment in time i don ' t want that no no but i mean if ever you do want to then just
97. this year was king herod and he ' s a character shall we say for the recording erm a proper character and he ' s erm but they they ' d given him this position of responsibility well he walks down the aisle going like this and they ' d said you know looking posh and look fierce so he ' s going down the aisle at everybody like that everybody ' s like oh wo
99. someone we spoke to legal about it and it was like if you buy a drink and you put drink somewhere and they then take the drink then yeah fair enough you would pa you are then passing your responsibility to them for having the drink no well maybe maybe and that ' s why it helped us well maybe the difference is big brother ' s like a self - contained world it they can ' t get anything
100. ' s it it should be the government that hold on let ' s end this conversation erm yeah you think it should be you sh you sho you think it should be the government that takes the responsibility yeah by for yeah yeah that ' s true alright i got to go yeah?
101. dunno but they ye whatever they shout out you can say yes or no oh yeah okay right find an example of see the accuracy one too i mean it could be any of them anything anything and responsibility er i ' m gonna so i ' m gonna skim over that responsibility? what the fuck? erm you must support any ideas that make and demonstrate what they have understand to source text that they
102. oh yeah okay right find an example of see the accuracy one too i mean it could be any of them anything anything and responsibility er i ' m gonna so i ' m gonna skim over that responsibility? what the fuck? erm you must support any ideas that make and demonstrate what they have understand to source text that they have understood the source text objectivity oh as well could be anything it '
104. him now is going kind if make me think badly of when we were together which it is starting to you know i ' m starting to think hang on i wanted to be a good person and take responsibility for things you know yeah and you ' ve been the mature person since you broke up you ' re the one who said look i ' m sorry for this i ' m sorry for that and i except
105. t they? i mean they ' re little fluff balls they ' re pretty the that chew the bars they ' re a good first pet for a kid sort of low maintenance but a bit of responsibility i liked mine but he was really like he we had one of those plastic cages with all the sort of tubes and stuff mm yeah but and he ch he chewed his way out of them did he?
106. appropriate name for a hedgehog and we had the whole collection between us yeah so good pets uhu although it stressed the young you out you ' re like well never doing that again mm too much responsibility parents do this in good faith cos you kind of think yeah getting a kid a pet is gonna teach them a a degree of mm compassion and empathy and mm responsibility so it ' s got a lot
107. doing that again mm too much responsibility parents do this in good faith cos you kind of think yeah getting a kid a pet is gonna teach them a a degree of mm compassion and empathy and mm responsibility so it ' s got a lot of positives hasn ' t it? yeah i think after our hamsters died like it wasn ' t that long until dad got and stuff was it? i mean
108. still have my copy yeah you know i think i i think the the interpretation is just there for anyone to mm mm mm hm take it really you know and er erm basically the islamists take responsibility you know? mm er they was violence but however there was always violence you know mm mm yeah but then it ' s not you have to say well look at the christian crusaders oh yeah yeah yeah exactly
109. had on and off growing up but they ' re kind of have you lost him? they weren ' t yeah the most upstanding citizens no but that ' s partly you know my dad has responsibility for that he didn ' t i don ' t think he helped raise them too well did he still obviously he still saw them then when he met your mum and? i think he still saw them yeah
110. more unknown dotty or something is easier than a star everything ' s easier than a star yeah that ' s true if i mess this up it ' s your fault okay i ' ll take full responsibility which one are you using? this one is that bad? mm doesn ' t really matter this one is good for if you want to do more precise lines and this one ' s good for when you
112. one i don ' t think for one second he shouldn ' t have gone like wh where it is but like i am fully aware that if my body i have to take a certain amount of responsibility for it yeah and if i ' m fully aware that i can ' t be on contraception and on the pill like rightly or wrongly men take don ' t think about it because they don '
113. gonna be fucking mega - excited like he ' s not thought this stuff through i ' m not saying he ' s without blame but she ' s fucking trapped him and obviously she could have er taken responsibility if she knew that was the case and he ' s really angry about it and everyone ' s having to go cos does not you you you ' ve seen this side of as well he like when
114. cos that would be the worst fucking situation ever like he ' s like that ' s kind of like life ruined er it is a bit yes it ' s a bit young to take on that responsibility like i think maybe if he was like seven or eight years older like perhaps if he really cared about somebody he could see past the fact that if he wasn ' t it wasn ' t his f i
115. it? i don ' t know because they ' re supposed to be the national health service mm but isn ' t but that ' s what the doctors are arguing about they don ' t want that responsibility well that ' s er right yeah but er that shouldn ' t it shouldn ' t be they shouldn ' t have that responsibility no but if you put people that are managers in all they do is want
116. ' s what the doctors are arguing about they don ' t want that responsibility well that ' s er right yeah but er that shouldn ' t it shouldn ' t be they shouldn ' t have that responsibility no but if you put people that are managers in all they do is want to cut back things and yeah save the money mm of course they do mm but i mean the matrons in hospital used to
119. be driving because they haven ' t got many drivers no that ' s always the problem once it but they don ' t pay they don ' t pay you the extra no you ' ve got the responsibility responsibility and you ' re supposed to you check the vehicle before you yeah yeah even leave the site i mean oh and if you ' re concentrating before no one puts petrol in so you you always have to
120. driving because they haven ' t got many drivers no that ' s always the problem once it but they don ' t pay they don ' t pay you the extra no you ' ve got the responsibility responsibility and you ' re supposed to you check the vehicle before you yeah yeah even leave the site i mean oh and if you ' re concentrating before no one puts petrol in so you you always have to look
121. yeah and i haven ' t got that much experience but still two years ' is okay and there ' s still a grad scheme so yeah yeah you know they ' ve given you a bit more responsibility than somebody starting off at the bottom haven ' t they? exactly so you just look at them jobs like oh i could apply for it yeah oh shall i move to london? oh i don ' t
122. it was like there was no like comprehension of that whatsoever mm so people were just like aimlessly and like not aimlessly that ' s the wor but just like i ju there ' s no responsibility they just like put they ' re like oh you ' ve got to create a spark and therefore you can become this thing that ' s not it ' s a n you you get to exist in this
123. ##er in the back of a car yeah or picking a very safe vehicle or yeah it ' s the er low cost low effort option to keeping your kids safe well no it ' s the giving the responsibility to other people you can imagine in court can ' t you? well i had a sign in the back isn ' t it hazy? yeah still a nice day oh no definitely well it i think it
125. knows how many other publications oh right it ' s usually a mix yeah a book it ' s the the equivalent of journals articles and of of three or five articles or something like that plus you know responsibility for x y and z yeah plus ideally being great with getting money in and it ' s like well i don ' t want really want to waste all my time on filling up grant things yeah cos
126. will i you know what i just think they haven ' t got any common sense whatsoever no it ' s just they don ' t use their brain this is just therefore therefore therefore yeah the idea of responsibility it ' s tricky i ' m entitled to it so you do yeah and and you read it and you know should you pity them? or should you? cos yeah what can you do? i
128. a cat but it is just a cat mm don ' t listen i know but i it ' s not a baby the i mean it ' s i mean you have to be responsible their sense of responsibility yeah that ' s the thing yeah um and you wouldn ' t want to give a child to parents who are not um responsible enough to look after them yeah you can ' t you know our human rights
129. because all the teachers now just give them pens cos they know cos it means they can get on it that they can get on with it but that just engenders more less students taking responsibility for their own learning and oh it was just crazy and so they ' ve got no record of what they ' re doing they ' ve got no independence and no momentum to learn and it was just their
137. can but i probably will i can ' t cut away from me that ' s towards there you go it ' s an effort it ' s easy well if you cut yourself i ' m not taking responsibility okay good did you see marcus butler ' s new video? erm which one? prank called some people no i didn ' t see that one it was so funny he prank called ikea and well
138. offer you this job and they ' re like and guess what? you get like seven pound thirty and i was like wahoo yay wahoo an extra pound yay for quite a bit more responsibility i would imagine yeah exactly like for running the whole shop on my own so at least you get a pay rise i mean some people er mm take the extra positions but don ' t get the extra money
139. do? yeah it ' s like what choice do you blooming have? that ' s plenty obvious it ' s not my dream i said look why not? i said he ' s really not responsibility now the only responsibility i ' ve got now is saying yes or no mm mm isn ' t it? mm and what does she think? that in the new year it ' s just gonna disappear?
140. ' s like what choice do you blooming have? that ' s plenty obvious it ' s not my dream i said look why not? i said he ' s really not responsibility now the only responsibility i ' ve got now is saying yes or no mm mm isn ' t it? mm and what does she think? that in the new year it ' s just gonna disappear? well what? yeah
141. from six weeks cup cake decorating eight to eleven what? pff you don ' t need to be eight to decorate cup cakes decorate cup cakes maybe you do maybe with the cup cake comes great responsibility adventure of the senses dome building as long as it ' s not the erotic arts dome building and decorating that sounds quite fun forty - six pounds per plot for one hour thirty minutes jeez in the
142. ' t i? what do you mean all? all what? sign it the form i ' m old now i ' ll have to do it myself oh yeah you ' ve got to take that responsibility yeah you ' ve got to sign your name i am who i say i am yeah or am i? do we really know that? does anybody? oh i don ' t know if i yeah?
144. oh my god and i think it it went through half of the engine as well really? and it ' s destroyed it erm but he was saying that work said erm they have taken full responsibility for it they ' re not going to go through the insurance companies at all oh really why? which is good huh? why? well cos he ' d lose his no claims wouldn ' t he
149. a while because we need to work in another job but there are jobs in korea we got on to the university level mm and this was great because suddenly we ' re not we have a lot more responsibility and we took a massive pay cut as well i don ' t know if said but we yeah we took a pay cut like three or four thousand pounds each to like just for in year to like do
150. ' t get me wrong yeah but it ' s just that age group plus the fact that they ' re at that level when they ' re really spiritually starting to engage yeah and you feel the responsibility yeah and you ' ve got twice a week and planning and it ' s i i wouldn ' t ease somebody into serving through pathfinders pathfinders no mm it ' s quite excit exciting
153. obvious when you get a bank holiday fridays you can ' t find anybody no one they ' re all sick to extend the bank holiday or the tuesday as well yeah mm erm well they got no responsibility have they? no they haven ' t but always mm and she comes back really tired some days yeah yeah well we did on the sunday last sunday w she ' s had it all oh i think that
155. to see what so she does sort of communicate intermittently yeah no no just random quite questions in english or something but that w u but that was my random question this morning so i have to test responsibility texts she o she only texts? yeah yeah and she uses chinese sometimes? with wechat some yeah yeah most of the if it e if it ' s anything more than hi good morning how are
156. the workload as well yeah because of everything and it ' s really sad because it sounds like the way i mean she ' s been put on like she ' s got such so many roles and responsibility like part of her problem is that she just she just takes too much on so she does like she ' s like head writer of one of the magazines there and everything yeah yeah so it ' s just
157. lot yeah yeah so i got a bit tired and i gave up teaching but i worked as a volunteer to the citizens advice bureau yeah okay yeah but then within a year i became the deputy manager with responsibility for training oh wow so i was using my teaching things to teach them yeah skills yeah i was there for a long time i really enjoyed that yeah that ' s great and i became a magistrate as well
158. becomes her problem not the man ' s problem no it ' s her problem when actually it takes two yeah and it ' s like guys think that they just don ' t have to take as much responsibility because it ' s not growing inside of them it ' s like true maybe it ' s not going to change your life dramatically every single day but it ' s still part of you yeah you still bloody
161. it? i thought it was january but who can say just have been before christmas cos when we had those strangers round here when i invited he strangers round here yes absolutely let ' s take some responsibility there or was here? no there was no one here oh that ' s right because didn ' t get invited round to her f her family for christmas cos they ' re really nice oh yeah yeah
162. they ' re god a seeing who ' s good at the stuff and using people yeah absolutely and i think women and less incline to do that yeah well you you sort of you take a lot of responsibility on your own shoulders i think that ' s she difficulty or if you ' re in a team you want to work with the team not use the team and i think once you get to a certain level
163. have i don ' t think so much her but she was athletic though she was she was you have perseverance far - sightedness self - confidence and are meticulous in detail you assume responsibility with these and assurance and are generously successful you love your love is deep and some of that ' s right oh this is i don ' t think the first bit ' s her but the end bit
166. there above the stairs like hiding and i mean i know it was an awkward conversation mm it shouldn ' t have been actually anna was very immature when she handled that conversation mm she didn ' t accept responsibility she didn ' t try and talk about it she was automatically defensive and quite aggressive with it mm passive aggressive really yeah but you would think although he felt awkward he might say do you know what it '
167. mental health people wanna talk about homelessness i don ' t care about poverty and inequality erm the wellbeing sessions are connected to that cos it ' s kind of about just building a responsibility so the way miss cos i asked her what shall i do? cos so many ideas uhu she d she thought the er the idea of fulfilment or personal fulfilment
169. ' s one sixty is it? i think so and i mean some of them they ' re not so it ' s like how do you balance that off do you think they ' ve got more responsibility than the prime minister but some of them aren ' t like seem to be earning about the same sort of money or not far off gosh i mean i suppose their argument would be they ' re saving
170. i that ' s what i would identify as okay? a man because that ' s like the easiest most accessible do you need to have a dick to be a man? being a man is about responsibility or something like that responsibility? yeah so what are you responsible for then? what? what? there ' s an end to a kendrick lamar song where where like kendrick lamar ' s dad or someone going
171. i would identify as okay? a man because that ' s like the easiest most accessible do you need to have a dick to be a man? being a man is about responsibility or something like that responsibility? yeah so what are you responsible for then? what? what? there ' s an end to a kendrick lamar song where where like kendrick lamar ' s dad or someone going that doesn ' t make
172. ? what? there ' s an end to a kendrick lamar song where where like kendrick lamar ' s dad or someone going that doesn ' t make you being a real man being a real man is responsibility oh kendrick lamar kendrick lamar yeah is someone gonna we can ' t play this music if we don ' t own the rights to the song yeah oh yeah so i can ' t as a theme we '
173. currently she ' s a bit in more of a managerial position located somewhere with a with a bunch of people a community mm but still the pay ' s no good i think she ' s got more responsibility but no more pay and it ' s probably it ' s rubbish the pay yeah and i were discussing it and she said it was terrible how much care thingies get paid and stuff it ' s not
174. or for slipping on a hot cup of tea yeah which they ' ve just bought yeah or slipping on a floor where you know yeah there ' s a sign well you know where ' s personal well responsibility? exactly i ' m sort of with the personal responsibility yes exactly thing really and i yeah i wouldn ' t i wouldn ' t pursue that no quite i wouldn ' t do it i wouldn ' t
175. they ' ve just bought yeah or slipping on a floor where you know yeah there ' s a sign well you know where ' s personal well responsibility? exactly i ' m sort of with the personal responsibility yes exactly thing really and i yeah i wouldn ' t i wouldn ' t pursue that no quite i wouldn ' t do it i wouldn ' t pursue something like that because and if you trip in a
176. they have a whole department to deal with these sorts of things and yeah but that ' s the tragedy really yeah isn ' t it? yeah mm but er exactly i mean it c the whole personal responsibility yeah has got a bit lost really yeah completely including in medical matters and everything really yeah i i just yeah the way people expect doctors to be when i see news reports of some tragic thing when the baby
177. yes spread everywhere and like yeah yeah kind of another area you know schools yes schools are supposed to mm education in every single field you know sex education for one surely that ' s should be the parental responsibility mm yeah not that all parents yeah are very good at it but then neither neither necessarily are schools no and the the whole thing that schools should be telling them teaching them this that and the other teaching it
178. by who ' s last you start which means is last no i ' m la oh well oh i see oh well i ' ll score i thought might like to score well no not really too much responsibility ye remember the time forgot to score was she drinking cider? she was in a strop because we ' d miss - scored she ' d been in a strop for almost over a day what
181. good like when you were at home like did y did it feel it di obviously didn ' t feel very good but did it feel like less stressful than this because you didn ' t actually have responsibility then or were your family onto you so it was pretty hard? i mean it was stressful in a different way like it was yeah yeah erm the stakes are a lot higher yeah yeah you know
183. in which she ' s said all of my worries and fears were unfounded because i ' ve actually really c enjoyed coming into your team i feel like i ' ve developed really well taken on extra responsibility how long ago er was this? erm january oh when she first came into our team so not long no no the pdr when she said all this oh the pdr was erm week before
186. let ' s face it we ' re trying to we we ' re how much is an installation? how much does it bring profit for the company? erm i ' d say a how much responsibility financially are you are you handling? my in my if you went wrong it would cost a lot of money wouldn ' t it? yeah erm okay so work this out a hundred meg circuit which is
187. did you did your estate here get taken over in the end by an or a whatever it was? yeyes what happened er was that er the council erm they er wanted to get rid of responsibility for all their freehold on what was originally the estate uhu and erm i presume this was enough to win a bombsite or something absoabsolutely or did they knock it
188. wants to be friends i don ' t know yeah well he ' s not making much effort oh is he not? oh i must tell him so yeah no no he never said sorry never taken any responsibility but and erm does he not? yes just seems to want to blame other people so that ' s not very mature no no no no but anyway i suppose he ' s got that from somewhere yes
189. the world is it? i mean it ' s rude er does he becomes aggressive with it does he? or yes yeah he does yeah and he ' s never said sorry or taken any kind of responsibility in fact the opposite he ' ll say oh why are you still upset about it? you think hang on a minute you know you had a knife against my throat and you said you ' d kill me
190. somebody oh that ' s really good yeah yeah yeah so that was good yes cos i always feel sorry for the people at the bottom who yeah you know they ' ve got nothing to do no responsibility for those kind of decisions didn ' t have no no responsible no they ' re just there putting in their time working you know as they ' re paid to work and then they lose their jobs it it
191. as well yeah i hated that room hated it mm yeah i got in to observe me for that lesson and the feedback was really shit but it ' s a shit lesson and you know i do take responsibility for it but i think that was my hardest class because of the physical environment mm and actually that was my upper intermediates and i taught that lesson four times a week and the other three times were a
192. about it it ' s so annoying and it ' s hard cos i think like most people who commute do it for like i don ' t know more money or you know they have more responsibility and like mine ' s still very much an entry level job which means like the motivation isn ' t quite there to go all that way if you ' ve not gone somewhere to get there yeah so you
193. ' s his fault yeah er or plan to do anything about it i think yeah i mean i just realized it ' s he realizes it ' s his fault he doesn ' t take it take the responsibility for it mm no mm i mean er to be honest i don ' t really want him to come round cos it ' s just gonna anger me mm cos i know what ' s gonna happen
195. ' t erm i dunno i thought was just going to turn up and show it like make sure that we locked the a it only takes ten minutes but like it ' s a lot of responsibility that we haven ' t been paid for yeah and the thing is when when people play into us because we won ' t give them alcohol cos they haven ' t got their id cos they '
196. m still that way i ' m still like yeah i ' m still obsessive but just in different ways now but like erm so for me like after uni it was like having no responsibility and not really worrying too much about you know a degree and once you wh not worrying too much about my future and that was the best time for me cos i just had no burdens whatsoever
197. yeah no i agree and that ' s a and and that but from their point of view y doing some they might not get the picture of doing something in a community based thing with some role of responsibility they might not understand that that is quite heavily connected to doing a role of business yeah? so let ' s say they were er had a small leadership role well i had a little project to run yeah
198. that the well the assistant manager that you took over had gone back to being yeah a general retail yeah a general store person she ' s just gone back to cos she didn ' t want the responsibility? yeah and then you were all oh i can ' t do this job cos they all know way more than me they still do well get well you must know something just blag it well that
200. been found to be involved with corruption oh yeah yeah yeah fixing and their news and prices and things but mr mr blatta is the swiss head of fifa and he refused any knowledge of it any responsibility for it really? he it ' s been going on for ten years he to stand for president when the next elections came he was elected again are you serious because of all the bribes cos of the
201. you ' re just gonna cut out completely? hmm maybe once i ' ve gone through what you ' ve suggested in terms of like word order and conciseness potentially like this section on the um responsibility activities mm mm because that is that ' s a hundred and fifty almost so that ' s good i reckon maybe cut out two hundred words just by going through and er rewording things hm ss okay

