Cluster 1
0. ? they they ' re gonna take greeks aren ' t ev multinationals are paying and i heard on the radio er you know john humphrys? yeah his son lives in athens with his greek wife yeah and their child yeah and he said when they used to go to the centre of athens all these lovely little erm specialist shops rows of them i wanna i wanna put it in here cos they
3. play bridge at some point soon hm um cos um so my not my boss at work but the guy who ' s project managing a lot of the work i ' m doing um he and his wife are avid bridge players and they have asked us if we ' d like to play them at some point which would also involve them teaching us to play apparently it ' s similar to whist which i
4. don ' t but in a s in a place where you get constant hassle from the people yeah it ' s probably best to go in a in a tour group because you know me and my wife would go out in the morning and in the evening just for a walk and you can ' t look at anything in the shop yeah because someone wan as soon as you look at something they want to sell
5. where they ' re not guaranteed trade mm so yeah coming obviously cos it ' s on the employee rates per room not per person mm so he can get a family room mm for him and his wife and the two kids cos the kids are young in one room wow so it ' s one eighteen pound a go lovely well not eighteen pound for there but yeah whatever it is oh that ' s a
6. um just before i left we were gonna see each other cos he ' s he ' s got two daughters who live in and he comes up from and gets a hotel cos his ex - wife obviously lives in still so he st comes up for a few days and sees them or they go down and see him um he ge and i was gonna go and have dinner with him one night but i
7. t know what cour subject don ' t know what happened to him in in the end do you know why he hanged himself in the end? he hung himself in the house yeah why? his wife left him but he ' d he ' d it had nothing to do been bringing up the children for a long time i yeah he i think she might broke away with have come back or something i don
8. well spoken mm the children were the kids were fantastic he took them to school every day not terribly well dressed but mm yeah he was brilliant and then his i don ' t know whether it was his wife or his mistress or what he was that it was weren ' t it her name? sorry lovely woman lovely woman mm i mean she was very soft - spoken and what have you frightened the life out of
13. in it but for a job i would i would if i was just ticking along and it was making me a wage i could do whatever i wanted in my spare time and have a lolovely wife and all that and just chill out and just you know earn enough money just i ' d take i ' d do it but if if i was like always constantly trying to be better than what i actually
18. s just that i need special lights for my weak eyes i mean if she got a halfpenny from jenson button that would be ridiculous who dear? jenson button ' s split from his wife of a year they never actually lived together cos she was in tokyo with her mum there are discussions of jenson ' s thirty - five million pound income income wait a minute yeah his thirty - five
20. that meat we now break into erm for ' s next couple of meals say you didn ' t say who and are meeting up with a friend then erm i think is one and and his wife i think i don ' t know where no but erm i think that ' s well that ' s good if is actually doing a phd already you know she ' s in her first year yes three
22. was quite good looking and everything but he was bit humble didn ' t really do his his like his hair right or anything but now it ' s it ' s absolutely fine he ' s got great wife and everything he just was really shy he was a bit of a nerd i suppose so yeah you don ' t w i mean you don ' t l you don ' t look too wor co
23. pff from well it happened in two thousand and five pff so seven years now hang on what appeal is this? well it ' s appeal against his fifteen years imprisonment for the murder of his wife that ' s right yeah so she asked me to write a witness statement to tes not tut i don ' t think it ' s a legal term no but they ' re they ' re read
24. the sign yeah on the way yeah it was nice he was really good good food nice yeah what did she say about it? well the owner is in is thirties and he ' s got a colombian wife there was a box from colombia on the oh is there? little wooden box for tips or something oh okay for colombia the only colombia in they ' ve bought the pub i they bought the pub they expanded
25. he was the restaurant side and built it up and it was you know big erm people coming and writing about the the restaurant and everything in papers and and that but then he split up from his wife right the colombian? no no this was the chef no the the chef oh sorry okay yeah but the owner has in er he was only thirty - seven the last couple of weeks has had two mini strokes
27. ' you use facebook much? but mm there ' s the richard branson mm with his son er presumably yeah with his grandson so he ' s father ' s holding his son mm and then his wife was to the side and there was this look of complete like you know love and devotion like through the family you know you could just see in that yeah it ' s like wow there ' s a child
40. lady was saying oh there ' s there ' s rumours all up and down the street saying he ' s gonna come out and resign yeah yeah and i think as soon as he came out with his wife have another one along with the rumours i thought he ' s gonna go but i think to be fair it would be very difficult for him to run the country oh yes it would it would and he '
41. don ' t know what are you gonna say? that he had done the same to his oh that wasn ' t me right i think it might be then somebody ' s told me cos his wife from who he ' s left for yeah does some sort of volunteer work at our school i dunno who she is oh really? but apparently she does some work at our school oh n i didn '
45. me in order to tell me this sort of situation he ' s forty - one i think oh gosh he ' s got cancer he ' s got literally six months to live max erm his wife committed suicide recently? i don ' t know when but she committed suicide oh he ' s got children oh i think they ' re a bit older can ' t be that old if he ' s only
54. young then when he had yeah well ' s the oldest isn ' t he? whereas like me and proper well ' s got youngest do you think he might take it on? no his mum his wife won ' t let him his wife won ' t let him but we we all want him to take it on have you told him that? we haven ' t no i haven ' t seen him we
56. to be here his it turned out that his great grandfather was already married to an english woman and they had a couple of kids he was in the gold industry so the first he took them then his wife and that out in south africa and then he went alone to the to to ghghana which was known as the kind of like the white man ' s grave so the wives never used to go there
57. t if the er vote goes against us i ' m going to the new world he had married at the time the vote he they won the vote by one one vote and he stayed he married his wife he had already met and had children instead of going to to the us yeah if he ' d have done that david and robert his father their father would would not exist because sh he would have met another
58. s it and i was delighted to see that he ' s gone grey he ' s h he ' s losing his hair he ' s got fat and i was even more delighted to see that his wife oh you looks an absolute frump oh mum well she thinks the sun shines out of his backside mm but i just don ' t understand but it must be ten years ago since i saw her mm
62. ' t seem like he cared and in contrast you know a politician who i don ' t particularly like david cameron was you could see he was near tears when he was announcing his resignation as was his wife you know you felt you know okay i you know i don ' t i don ' t like him i don ' t agree with him but he ' s obviously had has his convictions and he mm and
64. ve been to before i saw a sign for ah yeah yeah i ' ve played cricket there before ah that ' s it ' s a really nice pitch actually yeah i believe it is my ex - wife used to be the headmistress of the primary school in? yeah primary yeah mm and we did a gig at that very school a few weeks ago ah yeah she wasn ' t there it was a
70. mess have to have like a or something it can be triggered by anything so it just oh gosh it like just triggers itself is it? no it ' s how horrible what ' s his his wife is from that ' s awful yeah do they really trust him up there? yeah there ' s always yes but do you see him well but do you see him? well he ' s coming out for
74. separately very bubusy lives yeah and that is aactually is quite hard to kind of then just yeah it ' s not like if people being like my my brother ' s been with his wife since they were you know twenty - nineteen or whatever yeah mm and it ' s their er their first girlfriend and boyfriend and yeah you know they live in each other ' s pockets and things but yeah it
75. think this has given him some some space to do it mm er forgive me i can ' t remember are you his only child? erm no he has he had a a daughter is his second wife and he married erm er a woman called june and they had a little girl called who is about i think i think she was born ten years after me erm wasn ' t sure whether it was
81. half of then have never worked in their life it ' s just a shame i feel bad for the children was telling me today that erm not you know er her brother and his beast of a wife oh right oh? yeah he ' s a their little boy he ' s not even i think he ' s five and oh the fat one? yeah jesus i haven ' t seen him but the way
82. i was working when he was a hairdresser he said i had this bloke come in and he sat down and he said i ' m really cheesed off everything has gone wrong my wife has left me he said i ' ve got no money nothing he said just slit my throat will you? so said yeah okay and he dipped this cut throat in freezing cold water mm said hold your head
84. have our spats or have done in the past yeah but you can ' t sit down like i couldn ' t and and at a family do and have a laugh with his new eh erm wife or him with i don ' t know i think now that we could i think now we could be civil enough to each other i don ' t think you could i could why would you say i couldn
86. he ' s a pushover he pays for everything but i didn ' t say that yeah yeah yeah yeah i said he likes i said so er plus the fact he needs the money now because his wife threw him out when she found out he ' d been seeing some woman in holland when he spent all the time oh dear she went oh really? i says yes the last i heard he was living with
87. it ' s like a twenty - five minute walk okay so um yeah so it was always gonna be quite casual but he ' s filing for custody for his kids his his sounds like his ex - wife is a bit special bus like a bit special needs and can ' t really cope and um h the son he thinks has also got adhd and they ' re going through the process of um is ad
90. ' s no room to store it my mum ' s garage is full of my stuff richard ' s imogen ' s and now my uncle ' s stuff cos my uncle split up with his wife at christmas so he ' s moved you know he was living in with her his his um yes she ' s from croatia is it? cr er is it croatia? no no er kosovo right but she
91. s living in like an annexe of it he ' s not paying any rent cos this guy ' s minted and apparently nice he ' s j er he ' s just divorced his fifth wife or something i don ' t really know oh this is what artists are like though yeah with a lot of money a lot of money um er what was i gonna say? so yeah so all of his
92. doing something else you can get some moments of epiphany but it has to be complete concentrated but he wasn ' t concentrated that ' s the point he was on the beach talking to his wife when he suddenly had this breakthrough he wasn ' t concentrating on the topic i don ' t think it ' s as though you have to have constant you have to that ' s what he said later which
93. that man was like his top lip he looks like he he looks like he does penis exercises on a regular basis he ' s one that looks like he cares about that his penis got pictures of his wife and kids behind i bet they love his penis size kids suspend it his kids probably want to hear about that large penis now erm what ' s so tangy in this garlic sauce? erm it
94. home the guy ' s like what? no what are you talking about a cab? oh man we have to drive these fucking tourists home he drove us home he drove us all the way via his wife and like his daughter and his new baby and he had to be like sorry i ' m not coming for hours cos these bloody idiot it was like a hour drive as well took us home but then
95. or something and it ' s like excellent table manners you know like s like generous did i tell you that i think i did tell you erm my friend his uncle who went moved to got a wife yeah this is funny and he brought his wife back to like introduced her to her family like she knew some english and stuff and then he went back to and like two years later he had to come back
96. manners you know like s like generous did i tell you that i think i did tell you erm my friend his uncle who went moved to got a wife yeah this is funny and he brought his wife back to like introduced her to her family like she knew some english and stuff and then he went back to and like two years later he had to come back for like a funeral or something and he came
99. other one did speak english and he just thought no one would nonotice so he probably was like obviously never really his wife at all just like his my housemates dad just moved to and got a wife he used to be a mercenary i didn ' t really understand like the full extent is this that girl? no this is you ' ve lived with so many people i did not understand the extent to which
106. the time can you? no it was a big part of his life wasn ' t it? mm yeah it was self - inflicted he said it was well known and on top of that his his wife had said that that was the cause of it really mm and er it it was people were saying that alcoholism is an illness and he said it is not an illness such as er cancer or er er well
107. funnily enough i got talking to him and i said well actually one of my best pals came from he said oh what do they call him? i said oh yes he said er his wife used to work for me i said she works in the bank in the bank he says yes i was the bank manager how about that eh? i was the bank manager he said mm mm of course i
109. hasn ' t come back and they were with brooks in yeah so they ' ve not co given any feedback and i ' ve not phoned up brooks to say is there any feedback? does his wife want to come and have a look et cetera oh i see yeah mm but this other couple that came from as soon as you can tell as soon as they walk in it was busy busy busy busy
111. an affair with her when he was married oh she was the girl in the office oh this is so so hilarious erm but yeah he had a he had an affair with in the office and his wife cos of it cos of it cos i said at one point to at least knows at least like he chose and said no that ' s not the way it went she left him he had
115. t she? yeah yeah it ' s al it ' s almost like he ' s trying not to die but if he did die he ' d be back with he ' d be reunited with his wife so oh oh it ' s it ' s really and the music ' s amazing and yeah said it ' s the hardest role he ' s ever done so really? and he had to learn how to
119. erm by the way do you know there ' s still a payment outstanding from march? and he was like i don ' t know what you ' re talking about here i was in hospital my wife had crap loads of money and you tell me she missed a mortgage payment? yep yeah she did yeah so she was just spending the money on herself? yeah on the house on on the drive all that
121. t go i know it ' s lovely round there i ' d love to live around there but it ' s i think it ' s extremely expensive so they were they moved there from leicester because his wife didn ' t like being in leicester even though he ' d lived there and had a house in leicester she didn ' t wanna she didn ' t like his friends she didn ' t like being in the
122. no no fucking hell hasn ' t already got two kids? well no he hasn ' t got any kids ' s got two girls from a previous relationship ' s pregnant dweeb yeah fine his wife is pregnant his wife is pregnant and then you ' re not allowed to be an aunty cos you don ' t talk to your brother i don ' t talk to him no erm my dad
130. in the future yeah yeah there ' s yeah there are question marks about whether erm whether it would be right for me in ten years ' still to be here around the corner from his ex - wife and kind of erm er in the place that ' s more tricky for me to find work and that ' s right not quite so erm easy for other things and you know also is always gonna
131. pension pot but how something like that and then erm so that ' s what i have and if if i ' m here living with erm i mean possibly things might change but erm his wife still has er is still she ' s still his wife even though they ' ve st got a separation agreement in place mm right erm that ' s sorted out a lot of the finances she has got
133. to flourish cos er to flourish you ' ve got to take risks and and yeah you have to change and you have to be yeah out there and you have to i think when he left his wife that was a huge thing for him yeah and mm he did flourish for a while erm but i think he also he was he i mean he only went away for like twice i think for a couple
134. or mm mm then i ' ll have this great adventure mm mm he just won ' t do it yeah but erm he ' s he things force him a bit out like when he left his wife he actually yeah mm got together to leave erm and after feeling very shy for a while and not going out he just suddenly started going he was kind of for he was forced into it yeah yeah because
136. in some sort of anaesthetic when she went to theatre because he was the only one on duty so he came so obviously then he ' d seen the baby not her choice then he told his wife obviously and they told all their side of the family before she ' d even had chance to hold the baby telling everybody he said she was did she know what it was? i don ' t ev i
138. gonna go to the visit tomorrow pick up they ' re doing two days and then if wants any help there there might be a job or any sort of potential income he said oh says that ' s wife ' s got cancer mm again yeah and that they ' ve got a young lad or youngish ' s age i didn ' t realise that ' s sad isn ' t it? yeah no yeah yeah
141. ve got yeah a five year old who ' s going to and so erm and at the end of the day why can ' t you see your niece? well yeah yeah her dad and his wife don ' t have to be involved do they in everything? no i mean she went you know they go and stay with her and they don ' t invite me and she comes and stays with them and
142. time in her bedroom everything they did was wrong erm was just spent the whole time upstairs trying to calm her down and dad was and he was sort of torn between the two his family and his wife you know his family upstairs and and was there and at one point she ' d packed her bags and ' s bags and went and sat out on the porch i ' m going just sat on the porch
144. loads of information just tell him that y this is how old you are this is mm what you ' ve done just a little resume of your life and if you wanna know anything and apparently his first wife died oh and er this that ' s his name didn ' t get on very well with his mum and he went to live with his stepdad right well ' s got the right hump because er
145. or something no cos ' s married into the yeah into that community i thought you were for some reason i looked up do you remember? oh yeah her sister ' s recently got married to her wife i didn ' t realise oh yeah ' s gay oh both in their white dresses and that proper bridesmaids and proper wedding and everything oh i mean i knew she ' d i realised a couple of
146. all live in same part of? within striking distance and the kids as well growing up in which is nice although they have considered leaving er both of the couples well no i mean is a and his wife are kind of celebrities in israel and they love this life of urban life you know they ' re kind of that ' s their context right but the his sister is very much thought about le you know moving
147. he ' s happy yeah well i think he ' s got married that ' s why he ' s happy there you know? yeah he ' s married to erm mm i think er er his wife is erm half chinese mm and they have a restaurant a chinese restaurant there it ' s just all good feed that makes him happy think so yeah yeah yeah well i suppose it ' s it ' s
151. days excellent but i ' d quite like to go to new york not to new york city to the state and see all the quiet parts rather than yeah somebody i used to teach with he and his wife went down the eastern seaboard for their twenty - fifth wedding anniversary and said it was amazing he said the time is then you get all the trees and it ' s really good i ' ve not done
153. team mm so we have the same guy on the gate all the time he puts the same guy up the far end for me so they know what they ' re doing they turn up he and his wife run this and they ' ve got a fabulous team and you just call if you ' ve got a problem as he comes in or yeah mm but i hope we don ' t get to that stage but
157. length of time then but have they? well erm i think they have in the past but due to strange circumstances they ' ve moved to an automatic vehicle mm mm yeah so i think ah his wife has quite a bit of experience with an automatic a little now but i don ' t think he has yes bless her hmm mm i think you just get used to the er manual if you drive manual for
158. of the baby that was the only chance he can have as a baby because he had cancer before so that ' s all the sperm he had left oh no so his scheming wi cause his wife wanted to get pregnant because the father and the wife are like having issues it ' s like very very dramatic like it ' s basically like a mexican soap like i think it ' s from the same people
163. they have secret hanky - panky? no they ' re not she don ' t love him no more bitch i know and then right let me think oh heathcliff is very mean to his wife she leaves him take goes to london she has a baby i don ' t remember what the baby ' s name is his name ' s irrelevant let me see if i put his name down nope i just
165. she likes like horror and gothic and then like she believes horror and gothic is going on like she goes to visit mr tilney ' s place and she goes oh my god his his dad killed his wife oh lord and she like literally like follow a gothic horror book and he ' s like no that ' s all in your head oh no is she crazy? and like notes from people like joking around but
169. core engineer mm turned himself into a plumber yeah? yeah okay career shift he did it yeah yeah he he managed it okay mm did it just in time for his family good idea yeah and his wife mm they tried to give it a go with the juice bar thing that ' s tough yeah it ' s hard they gave they and that obviously worked out they didn ' t wanna work in their nine to
170. in in concrete terms but you get the impression that he could be away you ' re right it ' s not just about being away for a month he could be away for months but you know his wife gets to go with him on some occasions but then who ' s looking after the kids and that kind of thing but then he he said kids do go with him sometimes so mm wherever he can he '
189. him anyhow he yeah i know that ' s good yeah that ' s very good i i seem to remember actually i think it ' s that consultant chap down the road there i think his wife was erm same as your dad oh right you know in that ssame sort of job as a oh that ' s interesting mm yes i think that ' s how he came in touch with those yeah
191. everyone yeah i wish i were adopted blah blah blah yeah and erm one day i erm i went up to his house and knocked on his door and i said his girlfriend were there or his wife or whatever and i said so i said is in? she was like no why? who are you? and i ' m like i ' m his daughter and she like erm wow well we '
192. pick up those boxes of photos and we ' ll sort i ' ll have to sort those out what do you want to sort them out for? when we were at the funeral my cousin ' s wife who ' s the first time i ' ve ever met her mhm um she wants to investigate the family tree mhm and she doesn ' t know much and knows even less and couldn ' t care
193. great oh man no oh my god mm ah got a theme park makes down ' s syndrome girl cry after asking for proof but that ' s nice porn star had terrifying sex with famous christian while his wife was pregnant what ' s that on unilad? on yeah excellent nice one when it ' s unilad well she seems like a delightful person disgraced evangelical reality star from america so what he
195. have written another one but it wasn ' t connected or something oh cos he died didn ' t he? did you read? yeah yeah really sad yeah oh really? yeah mm i think his wife might have released one or someth right that he was working on or something oh i think that might be that ' s like that the girl with the dragon tattoo mm yeah cos he died didn '
196. fiftieth birthday they used to go somewhere in greece all the time to the same place mm and there was an elvis impersonator that used to be there who was really good and his wife actually arranged with this guy to come over and perform oh er er here it was over yeah oh wow near i don ' t know near area where they live mm to come over and stay for the weekend
198. want this and i want this now cos if you you know like people their kids they go to private school private school costs like thirty - five thousand pounds a year that means your husband or your wife has to earn or has to earn enough to have a disposable income of thirty - five thousand pounds a year ridiculous like i don ' t reckon that it ' s that easy though i think
202. we should no but he sent us that email last night and it went interesting night that was it two words interesting night and i said yes wasn ' t it? we think er i mean he his wife is quite hard work high maintenance would you say? yes but i love she ' s got so many opinions and she ' s got so many friends and she ' s into the art scene and she '
203. mm people nor nations i think erm some students n know but others don ' t think deeply i don ' t think but it ' s like funny i you know? like my friend and his wife said oh have you come back teach or something i dunno i said aha secretly i was i didn ' t tell them it might hurt them i said well four things would need to happen pollution would
206. of way across here he says yes but i was indicating i was indicating and i says yes but the learn your highway code you know i ' m a professional driver blah blah blah but he had his wife and two kids in there and he was all mout started mouthing it off and that all like this and that ' s a yeah oh and then he would have been fuming bout that the whole
215. was a kid yeah avoiding the trains obviously cos i ' m still here yeah yeah you know but yeah hmm it ' s funny cos my grandson i mean cos m my son and his wife they live in and ' s now what? two and a half yeah and he ' s now getting a real accent olden yeah yeah and he ' s so is accent different from a accent? oh
216. ? yeah i can ' t remember but yeah he had he knew he was gonna die and he sort of he had written reviews for films that were now he had whenever he had and him and his wife had a sort of planned that he ' d post these after his death you know and mm it ' s like that awful black mirror episode i ' ve not seen it have you not? no i '
217. that was such a good album it was a good album such a good album one of a kind yeah but how old was she? ninety - seven i was probably s it was about him murdering his wife and taking her to the beach seven or eight with his kid oh dear i remember you telling me that and me being like yeah oh my god yeah but no it was a good album at the same time
219. he ' s quie he was quite quiet you would ' ve probably mm mm recognise him but erm when my friend came over he i d i hadn ' t known much about his ex - wife i know he ' s got two kids who are old in their mid - twenties mm and lovely lads by the sound of it erm but he was paying her erm maintenance even when their kids were
221. when i phoned after this you know sort of i when he had a rather nasty turn after we did the reiki i phoned him that evening actually to make sure he was okay and his wife answered the phone his wife ' s called but she ' s got quite a deep voice for a woman and i thought it was him cos he hasn ' t got a high voice for a man but
222. this you know sort of i when he had a rather nasty turn after we did the reiki i phoned him that evening actually to make sure he was okay and his wife answered the phone his wife ' s called but she ' s got quite a deep voice for a woman and i thought it was him cos he hasn ' t got a high voice for a man but sometimes his voice sounds a
223. made a terrible error and one of you has just made a slightly lesser error okay erm so purple yeah? yes what famous rambling by car novel begins i first met dean not long after my wife and i split up what? i didn ' t realise a rambling by car nov is rambling by car all hyphenated? so what famous rambling by car novel begins i first met
224. ' t realise a rambling by car nov is rambling by car all hyphenated? so what famous rambling by car novel begins i first met dean not er not long after my wife and i split up oh er fear and loathing in las vegas no on the road by jack kerouac oh oh could have been that one i don ' t know if fear and loathing is
228. sudden they realise things have got to they ' ve got to sacrifice things yeah you know i mean my sister i mean my nephew is at it ' s ten grand a term but i said may my wife ' s husband ' s on two hundred grand a year wow what does he do? he ' s a big chief exec for an induction company really? but it ' s it owns eh race horses
233. get divorced in twenty - sixteen erm they won ' t though because well she said she said she thought she might anyway erm i said so you know to go round and see your still existing wife that you ' ve been separated from for so many years in another man ' s house it ' s just weird but anyway so you know so from her point of view it hadn ' t been as smooth
234. how he is you ' ve said he ' s had a different mindset to you he doesn ' t think the same as you you know he didn ' t get he got divorced from his first wife and he didn ' t tell his son he was divorced do you remember that? no when got to together with the son er yeah still thought was married to his mum obviously separated but they had never actually
241. if if they ever need mm ever need anything knock on the door kind of thing you know yeah yeah and erm he said he was looking after his you know obviously he ' s looking after his wife and yeah she ' s got cataracts so has she? oh no she can ' t really see oh no poor thing so you should go yeah you should go round there a bit more with them
243. life if you think that his youngest child is like six or seven so that ' s two and a half years that you missed of your children ' s life is that why he broke up with his wife then? his girlfriend whatever no they no that was on the cards for a long time apparently i think it must like cos he said he got out about two years ago and he was in for two
245. heard about it wasn ' t it there was a w single guy who was yeah oh yeah i don ' t think it ' s connected to any terrorist he he wanted to get a letter to his wife or something they ' re questioning his mental yes his mental capacity i think and his wife was in cyprus which is where he got the plane to land right i wonder if he had he said he had a
246. yeah i don ' t think it ' s connected to any terrorist he he wanted to get a letter to his wife or something they ' re questioning his mental yes his mental capacity i think and his wife was in cyprus which is where he got the plane to land right i wonder if he had he said he had a bomb strapped to him but he probably didn ' t but no even so yoyou know
247. they ' re all off it ' s some random guy i think he ' s just a little bit deranged he ' s not with a terrorist group he wanted to get a letter to his wife who lives in cyprus so he got the plane to land at cyprus he had a bomb on him but i ' m not sure if they established if he did have a bomb on him i don ' t
251. you know he ' s ultimately it ' s about the kids isn ' t it? yeah that ' s it why not be? if the kids aren ' t getting a good upbringing yeah with the wife? yeah then or ex wife whatever she is i don ' t know if they were married yeah like i ' m not saying automatically go to house and but if that ' s actually the short term what
253. i was like well yeah yeah it ' s that good silly woman oh i know oh no i spoke to this man today it ' s really sad he ' s got his he ' s got his wife ' s got dementia mm he ' s really not coping cos he ' s just like i guess just doesn ' t get out and just feels like he needs to be at home all the time looking
271. ' s gonna i hate her she ' s stupid come back with a vengeance who ' s nina? nina ' s an evil evil evil woman she worked with him but she a traitor and killed his wife in the first series what a bitch and then she ' s escaped no and they got a deal and he she caught her again ah i just landed on and he also yep and he also he killed six
273. thing i don ' t know i don ' t know er i know it ' s awful to say because the circumstances you know when you ' re adopted and all that sort of thing and losing his wife and he ' s sort of there but hasn ' t helped in this situation at all oh no not to have him not at all living at home for what seven years? yeah and doing nothing and middle
274. day a week and help them catalogue it cos he knows yeah what it is that should be cool yeah yeah so he was a bit umming and ahing because obviously my my brother and his wife well younger brother erm both done like er history and that sort of thing oh right so he might ' ve done so he ' s he ' s a bit like mm yeah i don ' t wanna
275. stuck sometimes way way back they don ' t always remember even recent people in their lives like their children or their husband or what have you i worked with erm looked after a man and his poor wife was like a saint mm and he knew she was his wife but he thought she was his first wife oh okay and that must have been really hard for her mm but he used to tell me all these
281. life is he able to be hanging out with goth girl a bit more? yeah? i know of her a lot now oh good cos that ' s cos he was sad cos his wife had died wasn ' t he? yeah she died when ada was a baby yeah well i think when ada was born when ada was a baby no? when she was a baby okay she dies of tight
284. her erm you know when we before children you know this before we had kids and everything i remember seeing them and meeting her brother and his girlfriend and they were lovely and they got married and his wife her brother ' s wife died of breast cancer when she was only thirty - seven oh god and she was diagnosed when she was expecting their second child so they couldn ' t even start the treatment until you
285. when we before children you know this before we had kids and everything i remember seeing them and meeting her brother and his girlfriend and they were lovely and they got married and his wife her brother ' s wife died of breast cancer when she was only thirty - seven oh god and she was diagnosed when she was expecting their second child so they couldn ' t even start the treatment until you know? mm and she
286. and she i think the baby was two when she died and i just thought to myself that poor man they ' re not related you know no blood relations whatsoever sp so he will ' ve lost his wife mm and now quite probably his sister mm and i just think you know by the in your in your mid - forties that ' s just awful isn ' t it? it is awful it is anyway
287. three to six months going through his divorce with him and basically doing his accounts and she ' s of and shit loads of money like thousands and thousands of pounds that his oh my god now ex - wife has been hiding and i think now she kind of feels that all the work that he ' s helped her with on the house you know tiling thing sand helping her raking up stuff in the garden
297. to travel travelling all over the place doing training courses for different for different sort of mm where he has to help them out you know and he ' s very busy all the time and yeah and his wife told him he can ' t retire well it ain ' t his wife is it? it ' s his partner yeah mm told him he can ' t retire she ' s a a solicitor is it a
299. finally er graphics right and hence the apple mac oh yes yes well you do some very good leaflets for the model engineers i ' ve seen them and they do take a lot of time know what my wife said when i showed her the first one? what did she say? she said cor that looks good that ' s almost professional i said what the hell do you think i ' ve been doing for
300. countered with oh by the way i ' m gonna become a father again that would have pulled the rug from under her yes it would have done and the thought that my dad and his new erm wife having another child and then a boy erm she it would have also hurt by proxy his first wife because they had two children together which were daughters she probably wanted a son he probably wanted a son with
301. from under her yes it would have done and the thought that my dad and his new erm wife having another child and then a boy erm she it would have also hurt by proxy his first wife because they had two children together which were daughters she probably wanted a son he probably wanted a son with her i meant it must have been debated on he would have liked to have a boy that never happened
303. take it lightly actually and my em family side we were very close to em em you know how it happens you know like my one of my dad ' s best friends his you know we and his wife my mum and dad were very good friends with them and it just so happened that when we were growing up we ' d spend like every sort of friday night we ' d go round for dinner you know
304. because you know they were very very you know they separated they haven ' t spoken to the eldest son since but the whole family just sort of fell apart no the dad was so in love with his wife that he just he was quite reclusive he just like lost the will to have any sort of family relationship now what a shame are you still in touch with them? i am with the youngest with
307. thinks well that ' s what she says mm but anyway it doesn ' t matter the point is you ' re both in the sslslightly ssimilar situation yes you ' ve got a wife who goes to work nine to five mm yeah and you ' re not yeah so yes you can meet for a drink mm cos he ' s quite happy to mm have a chat oh okay and he
308. or it hasn ' t started yet it ' s the campaign right but him and so he ' s president at the moment just from the virtue of the fact that he took over yes yeah yeah his wife ' s left him well at at the end no one really knows it the the n she she ' d left we thought she had at the she got she walked out on him at the end of the
313. i can imagine that would be shameful very yeah and that yeah yeah very but with the men oh it ' s really awful oh okay just just can ' t but they don ' t love their wife they marry her for kind of family reasons and yeah they don ' t really get on a lot of the time you know when it ' s strange yeah living together and then they might not it ' s
318. he died he looked a lot older than that didn ' t he? that ' s what happens when you mm dad shut up dad who ' s that then is that josephine? that ' s his wife i don ' t think that other woman is her i think that ' s another one it ' s not a very good picture is it? no is that her now? she doesn ' t she doesn
322. i have erm got the t the transcripts of the divorce placement thing and my great grandfather had a compensation which erm aha and the judge awarded him compensation because he ' d lost his wife this man had stolen his wife and erm and so and it took them many years to be able to afford to pay it back but they did actually pay back this sum of money in the end right
326. popped over and then from number five who happens to be ' s brother popped in and said oh my god how are you? and had a big hug with him and he went home and told his wife that i was over so she came in and had a big hug oh nice erm and yeah people were just sort of wandering in bringing alcohol with them it was kind of nice really and then from number
328. ? his kids hate him yeah i dunno i haven ' t got any further i haven ' t seen all i know is that erm cos he so what ' s happening to? his wife died didn ' t he? that was tragic at the end of that season what ' s happening with mark antony? erm he just lost a battle against erm octavian and oh yeah so you
329. to break away from the french well the it ' s it ' s they ' re fighting over erm a claim to the french crown because the first plantagenet king is henry the second his wife was margaret of anjou who was the sister of the king so there was a children then there was a connection to f so they were vying for the french throne like henry the fifth was also king
332. re so far right that they would vote for him do you know about trump before he ran for president or? yeah yeah? yeah he was always in hello magazine with his next ivana trump his wife and sh in the palatial apartments overlooking the empire state building and they ' ve got a tower in new york called trump tower mm look at that little house mm that ' s like the ones that
334. but he did cos he ' s writing a book on this boy all about school and and everything and er he phone me up and he said i went out to see m mr today and his wife said he just died so i had to come back home i ' ve got a load of pictures from have you? mm i ' ve got loads of pictures from the past oh i managed to get hold
335. to we ' ve did go to grantchester didn ' t we? yes yeah yeah yeah you did yeah it ' s erm where erm erm erm geoffrey archer and his great looking wife we went past geoffrey archer ' s house oh yes we did and then it was mary i think cafcafe or? that ' s right the orchard? oh with horrible wasps the or that ' s
336. s gotta be seventy hasn ' t he? oh easily he ' s got to be seventy easily yeah gosh i ' ll have to ask won ' t i? who ' s his ex - wife next door oh is she the larger lady? mm is she the lady that and next door to me helped up when she fell over? oh did she fall over? before christmas in er when it was
338. erm er no no no er p oh n the? no no after oh? yeah p after er oh or not er no er he was a radiologist oh oh yes yes er with the wife erm yeah yes and they went down to live at yes yeah and yeah now he lives back in erm does he? erm erm oh god what were their names? oh don ' t
342. intended to buy his own car so we got out there and he bought his own car but what he didn ' t realise was he th he f he thought he had a house for himself then the wife came back oh right so and they didn ' t get on so he just moved into the house i ' d got and that was it really that is funny but imagine you know i would ' ve been
343. ' ve been really dischuffed if i ' d got to the you know i ' d left him my house yeah and he ' d left he ' d left s there b him and his wife a beautiful house in cos he ' d just done it fabulous place so how old were you then?? i was thirty the year i was there i was thirty i turned thirty and and was teaching
344. outback but in a bit of a faraway place and and the queensland government paved the road up to his house it was about sixty miles long you know stupid things like that mm and then his wife was called flo and she made pumpkin tart and it was the flo and joh show and everybody and and the rest of australia i was flying into que to er brisbane and the chap
345. ' t you start don ' t you start no yeah there have a little sleep no there were eight of us there was erm so was it and? oh yeah and went and er and his wife who i hadn ' t met before erm and then me and and then the other guy that helped him with the stand oh i didn ' t realise there was someone else yes and oh okay his wife
346. who i hadn ' t met before erm and then me and and then the other guy that helped him with the stand oh i didn ' t realise there was someone else yes and oh okay his wife did he work for too or does he? or no no he ' s known him for a while and he ' s oh okay er they they ' re erm can ' t remember how they said
348. ' m sure he wants you to yeah we ' ll come dude i don ' t mind hanging out with him it ' s fine i don ' t mind i mind doesn ' t he have a wife who ' s half his age? yeah well we ' ll have something in common cos we have young wives yes exactly well my wife ' s eleven i wanna meet no we don ' t have to
349. don ' t mind i mind doesn ' t he have a wife who ' s half his age? yeah well we ' ll have something in common cos we have young wives yes exactly well my wife ' s eleven i wanna meet no we don ' t have to hang out with we don ' t have to hang out with your dad do we? i was gonna go there anyway i thought he was
355. a christian at university oh oh what a bad time to become a christian and now look and look at his and now look at his i mean w but this is really awful but okay look at his wife it ' s when you ' re meant to lose your faith look at hi look at look at his wife okay yeah do you think they ' re a good match? i dunno i haven ' t
358. him slip his winky inside you oh god he ' d probably never ' ve got married you could ' ve broken his christian faith no i mean he ' s had sex before he was married his wife didn ' t but he did no er i know it was really awkward like a month after they got married we were at er another friend of ours ' wedding in and er we had this like who '
363. look what happens is he ' s married i vaguely remember her yeah she ' s pretty to she ' s really pretty she ' s don ' s secretary and she ' s twenty and he leaves his wife for her and everyone ' s like what the are you doing you wally and he ' s like this is what i want to do this is what ' s going to make me happy you know so that
367. ' t remember what i was saying oh you mean about meeting the room the roof oh okay the roof ' s gone by the by and there ' s a because she ' s thought that and his wife were erm foreign well they ' re they ' re from hardly anyhow call her the great wall of how well she ' s well would she how ' s after her accident? well she ' s
368. ' s no couch is a very apt name for her isn ' t? is is she the one from? no no mm she was there when the other one debunked cos his wife left him that ' s no that ' s not the way it was isn ' t that oh he went off with another woman oh ' s lovely but anyway was very upset about it all ah but she
370. what you mean mm mm he looks pretty timeless doesn ' t he? mm yes well he looked about ninety when he was fifty but yes yes exactly and he still looks about ninety do you remember his wife? yes mm yeah yes yes she died very young mm yes she didn ' t look young either though sorry? she ne didn ' t she was one of these people who never looked young i reckon mm
373. has an advert in the window lodger no no where did she store the bodies? oh i can ' t remember and there ' s another one about er er s um there ' s a wife and her husband ' s really horrible to her and um then she ' s going away like on some long trip and her husband gets trapped in the lift in the apartment block and she knows this but she
374. her one up the ranger ' s end erm home wrecker? that ' s a bit weird yeah well it must be because they ' re with boys all the time that anybody whose got a wife or a girlfriend katie used to say she got a lot of shit when she was in the raf when they used to have like balls and things erm jesus christ so we all have a high opinion of
376. to say to and his wife i ' m not really having a party but it ' d be if you er like? gay? yeah what? he ' s not gay he ' s got a wife and er she ' s up the duff how the hell did that happen? erm why are we driving this way to the? so who diwho didn ' t reply? this is the quick
379. ##m and paul mccartney lived had a place not far away oh yeah and they used to see him flitting around he doesn ' t come to now but that ' s how erm his ex wife heather whatever her name was i can ' t remember heather something yeah she she lives in still somewhere i thought she was dead mm? she ' s dead no no that that ' s not not his first
382. seen what they ' ve done to ed miliband do i want my family to be under that kind of pressure? yeah cos hadn ' t he been under a lot of pressure with his wife and died and everything hadn ' t she or something and he was? yeah yeah yeah yeah i mean if you look at the kind of job it is and you think like he ' s bringing up the
383. me be high and dry ever ever ever ever makes me cry actually that ' s why i wanted to get him a nice present but i can ' t get him a good present compared to what his wife would get him cos she was rich and she bought him things like rolexes and i ' ve bought him a really really ordinary shirt from but i don ' t like his short sleeved sshir
385. t remember it all bloke in the hospital and oh don ' t mess it up i know it well you say you tell it cos i there ' s a man in hospital and his wife comes to visit and she says oh she says there ' s lots of people in this ward then she says tell me about the one over there he ' s a lovely guy he ' s broken his leg
387. way obviously not so well maybe he does maybe he ' s just unsure god knows my mum ' s excuse for him is he ' s just come ouout of he only recently split up with his wife mm that ' s all a bit dodgy to me he ' s got two young children mm but i think he ' s a bit seedy a bit dodgy how keeps asking m like yeah it
388. won that shit it ' s really good i met a guy once as well in in a pub that won a hundred grand on scratch cards and he was like he ' d come from to take his wife shopping and she was shopping and he was just sat in the pub waiting for her to shop with his like hundred thousand pound scratch card money wow he ' s like mate oh my god mate i know you
396. i think it ' s just like privilege fuck honestly i genuinely probably have to talk about him like three times a day i work yeah yeah graft i really work kanye is oh fuck talk about his wife? i didn ' t talk about his wife although i did walk into one walked into his dressing room at one point and he he was like you know i did you see that thing? and he just
398. the job market with experience behind me and eh a two one degree because kids coming out of uni nowadays we ' ve got a nephew who ' s been trying for erm since last july his wife ' s got a job she ' s ca american girl she ' s got a job with an em insurance company in london and he ' s got a thing about going into insurance cos they want they
404. she left everything to mum to take care of her and then erm then she was supposed to sort her brother out and her brother said er i can ' t take anything from you mm because his wife has got multiple sclerosis so if he he gets a load of money it just fucks up all the benefits so she gave it to his kids instead you know yeah so that was fair like yeah
405. i mean it ' s yeah it ' s fucking unbelievable innit? imagine that not something you get over is it? no no it was kids they were half our age yeah but he met his wife in the hospital in or something like that and erm i i ' ve always m known my nan as yeah cos apparently my granddad gave nicknames to all the nurses like one was one was
406. girl bet jimmy savile played that on his yeah that ' s a weird thing innit they were at it jerry lee lewis oh yeah came over the uk with his thirteen - year - old wife and a reporter said to her how old are you? and she thought oh i ' d better lie she said fifteen oh no fifteen and she kind of li she was thirteen it ruined his career so it
408. really? it ' s that bad? but you can ' t criticise him? cos he you couldn ' t tell him? i can ' t i told his step s i told his wife to tell him to cut it off and she didn ' t listen? i was like no i was like i was like so what are you gonna do about that? she said i know i dunno
411. erm i ' m still but we ' re still very good friends mm that ' s nice she was wonder she was my she was a love of my life i suppose but i think my second wife the turkish wife was a real was my real love and you know she killed herself in the end cos she was a manic depressive and that that was a big that was a big big shock
413. he was living with not a girl a quite intelligent thai sorry it ' s the way you said it wi yeah yeah the look on your face i was like alright well he he le he left his wife sort of ppeters out a little bit but anyway but he alright he left his wife who i thought was a really nice girl and and i thought they were a perfect partnership and and he he played
414. said it wi yeah yeah the look on your face i was like alright well he he le he left his wife sort of ppeters out a little bit but anyway but he alright he left his wife who i thought was a really nice girl and and i thought they were a perfect partnership and and he he played around a little bit when he was younger but did he just get bored? he always came
415. know he didn ' t make his whole entire living out of that he no no had his own company and he did mm really well and he ' s quite a wealthy fella i think with his wife mm she ' s she ' s chatty and erm she ' s meant to be have you met her? yeah she ' s lovely i met her she yeah on the one of the first walks
416. not a decision? the other decision yeah like the other decision the alternative decision not the wrong yeah the other one yeah but you know erm when i was talking to the doctor who was treating my wife in germany i said what causes her to get these attacks? why is it you know it seems to happen every year you know? it ' s like and she said well when she ' s met with
419. any friends actually by the looks of things it was just family yeah oh was it? yeah it was quite a small affair he i sat down with him i went through the photos with his with his wife now and er she ' s indian of indian descent oh nice erm and i didn ' t see anyone there were no friends yeah it was all just like family yeah so i didn ' t feel bad
422. aren ' t they? mm they haven ' t a clue have they? they say some stupid things but you know he ' s you know with loved ones they ' ve always b her brother his wife who was ' s mm cousin yeah think don ' t know whether it ' s sixty or a thousand she ' s owing mm and he ' s paying three hundred pound a month for storage for them and
427. erm communic the mood charts and it was very much he was very angry at everyone oh especially because we was bung the suction tube down his throat yeah but erm does his wife come in and? the wife ' s really on the ball but we ' ve got to put we were trying to get him to self suction and he got that and everything and then he like when
429. it ' s the catchphrase oh betty he ' s completely hapless and useless and he wears a beret he ' s always doing things pathetically wrong he ' s like and his wife ' s called betty and he ' s always like oh betty and he ' s okay the most pathetic individual and he was the original phantom and it ' s just such a massive sort of shift in your
431. because at the end of the day like they ' re putting this on facebook and what about his mum and dad? what about his grandpar his grandparents? what about his kids? what about his wife? what about his other family? they ' re gonna get all they ' re all the ones who are gonna get shit for it just as much as he is he shouldn ' t be putting it on
432. for the black sea classical name for it and rum is the arabic name for rome but not meaning rome it means the byzantines it means black sea byzantine greek mm mm and my my old mate his wife ' s grandmother mm she was turkish muslim the works but she could understand greek television but she couldn ' t understand turkish television as as well she she was pontus rum wow and this thing it goes back
434. he was good at yeah harmonica kazoo and guitar he well he makes it sing anyhow they ' re having a the one of the i think it ' s the the bass player erm his wife at their church which is out that way mm this way as well erm they have each year a raffle for a christmas hamper a big two hundred pound super - duper hamper you see
436. of it ' s er it ' s a drama series yeah mm it the central characters are a very um sort of world - leading brain surgeon who is a workaholic in new york until his wife dies at which point he moves his two children who are fifteen and eight or nine she no she ' s younger than that six well er anyway out to she ' s er a young girl yeah this small
438. was drink - driving yeah subsequently and she was like yeah he ' s a monster he did it yeah oh really? mm and all those letters that he wrote when he was in prison to his first wife i don ' t know i can ' t remember which one but i i ' m going to kill you she was basically when he went down incorrectly yeah the first time and then she left him yeah it
439. whatever he wanted after he ' s done that if you ' re that type of daft stupid person but i just don ' t think he was like that i think all those letters he sent his wife he was just but he wasn ' t that bright anyway well he and he had money coming right he needed that you know you don ' t even if you ' re oj simpson you might have nailed
440. is it? yeah no it ' s not you ' re taking the mick i ' m not and this er this kid yeah in coronation street there was this story where this bloke murdered his wife or something in bed with a hammer and this kid copycatted it and killed his mum with like a claw hammer what? in her sleep you ' re kidding no what country? here what? hmm
446. hasn ' t he? mm but i do believe there ' s another case coming up against him at some point because when you looked on the telly when they arrested that w rolf harris his yeah wife was oh my god she ' s she like an old she looked like his mother yeah and she looked absolutely horrified surely she must have had an idea i don ' t know but his daughter stood by him
451. you seventy grand a year to you kind of crock cop it yeah erm wow yeah so it ' s a massive incentive to stay a massive incentive to kill you after this yeah yeah exactly his wife was probably like erm so yeah so i got him to leave that job that job go to don ' t offer er final year salaries but the guy was also in his mid forties was incredibly well
452. ##nbourg? no of course i don ' t i spoke in spanish that guy again in the shop i ' m gonna speak to him every time i see him ah yeah he works with his wife what ' s he doing behind that? he ' s lived here for five years he told me in spanish he loves the country but he says it ' s too expensive to live here but ah he '
457. don ' t oh it ' s so bad so erm they ' re the ones having affairs the cop comes home and find are these people mad? yeah and so like he comes home and his wife ' s all like oh just hide like i ' m being really secretive and he ' s like what ' s going on? and she ' s like nothing and he ' s like what ' s going
459. lot of spanish words lots of likenesses oh mum insulted a spanish man on the erm water taxi on the vaporetto he looked probably in this sixties didn ' t he? it was him his wife and another man their friend it looked like and mum offered him her seat and he was rea he got really insulted and his friend started laughing at him he went well he didn ' t he went and
460. that girl i mm i i took it as being flattering cos you were younger than them so he was put out cos i ' d offered him my seat he was put out but his wife and his and his friend found it they were killing themselves laughing they found it hilarious erm you know the rialto bridge or we ' ll show you a picture of it soon was made from stone
461. so i th so he said a lot of people say like oh my family was absolutely fine until my dad walked out or my um you know my marriage was really was great until i found out my wife was being unfaithful and there there ' s lots of these kind of um so p people have like a big disaster in the family it just seems to be something you hear that they they blame
464. this person? er my friend lives there but the guy who owns the house is really really rich he ' s a banker she ' s just living there temporarily but i think he broke up with his wife and then he just bought this like sick apartment on and filled it with beautiful young girls cos i was i was do when you break up with your wife you can you can here i buy really nice
465. but i think he broke up with his wife and then he just bought this like sick apartment on and filled it with beautiful young girls cos i was i was do when you break up with your wife you can you can here i buy really nice wines whatever you want the fridge is restocked you can live here rent free just hang out here and invite your friends wow and erm it ' s
466. in like the cellar d is he good looking? no is he nice? he is nice i think got kids? he is nice yeah he does doesn ' t he? i think he has a wife and kids erm you know that he that he ' s like not l that long ago you know their marriage broke or whatever erm he ' s a nice guy he was so interested to talk to
467. do need some work done blah blah blah yeah they just book like five hours off in the morning and just do it all amazing so huh it ' s yeah my uncle did that his his ex - wife is kosovan and he went and had all of his teeth done in kosovo cos they ' ve got a national health service there so you just pay a little bit mm of money towards it probably
471. a bit more laid - back isn ' t he? well is he he ' s her twin isn ' t he? yeah yeah he ' s alright erm i was going to say why his wife doesn ' t bother with any of them well exactly you a you really can and i ' ve said this to and i said well you ' ve never met her have you? no i said you i
479. as well hmm and now my my nephew well you ' ll just have to go through them my nephew nephew ' s from the north mm hm they came as well and my nephew ' s ex - wife she came with her husband and um she wasn ' t in any of the photographs except hidden behind somebody ' s head we haven ' t told her she ' s the one that that we said she '
482. yacht? well that that ' s like super rich isn ' t it? that ' s super super wealth david cameron probably has a really nice house and a lot more money than yeah i mean his wife ' s got a load of money actually apparently david cameron his wife his wife is loaded pardon? cos his her parents are very wealthy too but yeah i i i used to be money doesn ' t
485. in he ' s involved a little bit he ' s gonna he ' s gonna help us kinda direct the project a little bit hmm cos he ' s oh no yeah i bumped into and his wife and his baby in the supermarket the other day oh alright okay i just get their names mixed up oh right okay did you called him? no i didn ' t thankfully i didn ' t say anything i
487. s just travelling with a friend my god that ' s quite a big cake isn ' t it? it is have i heard from?? no no it ' s funny cos he w his wife works at ucl she supervises a lot of phds and she was saying to me she was encouraging me saying who ' s that? ' s wife oh yeah she was saying one of the the
491. last a year so he ' s gotta find another visa but he ' s got a whole year to sort this out oh and his well he can ' t just keep renewing his student visa his wife went out and bought loads and loads of beauty products he said she calls it makeup er cos he couldn ' t think what it was i don ' t think it is makeup i think it ' s
492. if he was parked in the garage he would be reversing out nice and clear you see but if he swapped his spare car mm he isn ' t using with that drive straight in well his wife uses that car but she doesn ' t use it very often oh i see yeah yeah oh has er has he still got has he still and he has got it over there because if it ' s over
494. d think and he used to stop but now they have a bag and he sits on a wall down there yeah and then walks up but he doesn ' t come on his own no he has his wife with him well there ' s nothing stopping you stopping you can have a little stop can ' t you? you ' re not in any rush you can have a little stop but it isn ' t long
497. sixteenth he was mental properly mental and had had syphilis and stuff? had syphilis yeah yeah yeah and was a very young king and so didn ' t really understand he had a beautiful wife marie antoinette and wanted to keep her happy so he she wanted more and more ridiculous things like she wanted a wig that had a ship in it and a house in like a to a dolls ' house in
498. i felt that in that in the show it wasn ' t relevant to terrorism and espionage no i i think some bits were like i think like the bits like where he you know like stuff with his wife where it was shown that he wasn ' t adjusted to being home oh yeah yeah yeah if it ' s if it ' s if it ' s part of the story you know yeah just a total grand
499. ' d started up as asphalt mm and then go bankrupt again and he did it about five times because every time he went bankrupt he gave the firm to his son and then his next son then his wife yeah yeah yeah and and he gave it away to them so it wasn ' t him trading it wasn ' t him so so he wasn ' t a undischarged bankrupt yeah somebody else had bought
500. scamming and that was going on what? with the mafia erm they moved to barcelona to france erm aix - en - provence? mm and erm three years later he found his wife had been blown up in their car and she obviously died erm and then the next day he was put in prison for it when there was no evidence whatsoever that he ' d done it he ' d
501. my boat there isn ' t he says he says i ' ve got he says my boat is luxury he ' s got air conditioning i ' d like to see his boat mind i should think his wife his wife was er is a director of a company still but he was the owner and managing director of quite a successful company and he just sort of went into retirement and decided well no you see and he
502. there isn ' t he says he says i ' ve got he says my boat is luxury he ' s got air conditioning i ' d like to see his boat mind i should think his wife his wife was er is a director of a company still but he was the owner and managing director of quite a successful company and he just sort of went into retirement and decided well no you see and he ' s
503. proclaimers? after i don ' t remember them yeah yeah she ' s alright and them two ran off and danced eh? i think it was in i ' ve got my son and his wife my new daughter in law they ' ve come round and joined us and no here she is here she is excuse me i ' ll go in the other room no we ' re we ' re just sitting
504. least he ' s got sort of at lea at least if somebody tells him to stop and get his life sorted out he might be alright he ' s not married is he? yes he is his wife had a very serious heart operation and nearly died two years oh good god together you ' d hate to be their children wouldn ' t you? which which is which is why you buy another bernese dog
505. it ' s called the the painkiller and it ' s all about two men and one moves into a hotel and there ' s an adjoining room yeah and he ' s very upset because his wife has left him for her psychiatrist and the bloke in the adjoining room is a professional erm murderer er a professional killer oh excellent and so they ' ve turned it into a they ' ve turned
506. motor driving it but it ' s the oldest working clock in the world yes and of course i said to i i i started to talk to the lady in reception and i said well actually er my wife was born in the town where we have the oldest working well no she said this is the oldest i sa i see i think it ' s well it ' s cathedral and she said no no no i
507. is he? is he related to? was there? i ' m sure you told me about going no i didn ' t oh right he ' s always by himself i don ' t think his wife comes with him ' s wife came today mrs the little fella who looks a bit like oh did she? she is just only sat there all the time and wouldn ' t move oh is that his
517. so he applied for a erm like a kind of er skilled workers visa to erm australia initially mm mm erm where they granted him a skilled workers visa and said that he could come his wife could come his daughter could come but his son couldn ' t come ah huh and er and the same thing happened in canada really? yeah so like just explicitly erm race oh not racist discriminatory
520. and really like chatty with like all the waiters and knew all of their names it was like super like wahey like super friendly and a bit pissed and he was there with his really quiet wife and this tiny baby and the baby was like looked like turned around and looked at us and was like and so we were like just like smiling at it and like pointing at it and erm then we
521. i don ' t know what he thinks be like listen i ' m a baker what do you expect? yeah but he has a picture on in the in the dentist office of like him and his wife and child and they ' re all like like brushing their teeth? holding alalmost they ' re all like holding a toothbrush cuddling and like arranged in a in a triangle with all their faces
524. say oh god here you go dad and i thankfully he ' s not so into to write to me you know as addressed to me yeah but he is definitely still after us well his yes and his wife has died now so he ' s obviously wa you know keeping himself occupied yeah but the daughter wrote and i think she tried to make amends cos she may have erm read what he ' d
525. for their midday you know that was their yes yes pop in at midday and they i wasn ' t there but they came in to cha dad and said i ' m sorry mr but i think your wife has just passed on yeah yeah and er so really she she she went her on her own but in a way that ' s mum because i turned round to her and said erm i turned round to
527. can ' t you? no and we ' ve even met erm when we went down to he lives in we which is and he came over to stay with with us for the day with his wife and his their daughter oh lovely and he ' s so really you know such a researcher he ' s more into finding out about the ' s of today whereas i ' m trying to get all of us
528. masses of all buried there okay yeah wow so that ' s mm so that ' s when he died ninnineteen ninety - nine oh and there we are nineteen ninety - nine yeah and his wife? she she died too yes so she took his name yeah? two nine yes yeah when she was seventy - five? five yes so wow how long were they married for then? cos they must
529. a counsellor or he was he ' s a parish counsellor yes yeah yes oh well but he ' s quite political yeah my da wasn ' t so political but was very that ' s his wife and she wrote original research from nineteenth century yeah pri women in prisons i think it was or prisons or something she ' s also written a couple of books which led to being awarded a masters of philosophy degree
531. doyle does? yes er sort of inadvertently but there ' s it ' s not his with this marriage? not exactly no sort of thing no? but plutonic marriage and he starts an affair his wife then develops a terminal illness mm and he supports her very faithfully through that while also seeing his mistress who he then marries after his wife ' s death mm but he never lets his wife down or abandon
532. no? but plutonic marriage and he starts an affair his wife then develops a terminal illness mm and he supports her very faithfully through that while also seeing his mistress who he then marries after his wife ' s death mm but he never lets his wife down or abandons her at all does the wife know about the mistress? i don ' t know and mm interesting as in i can ' t remember
536. the whole county so they ' re all being issued with this like what me and you have yeah oh i r yeah i remember this i remember this yeah er one of er the lads at work his wife worked for for the highways department yeah and they all got these flash phones yeah i d you know when when smartphones were quite something yeah er yeah because now they ' ve all got to have windows the
538. have round say so they ' ve built these massive massive and large numbers of high rise er apartments so one guy said in er s told us on on er at one stage he he lives with his wife and his erm erm er er one one daughter because of course they had the one baby rule yeah so they they they lived three they live on the forty - seventh floor of good lord of a
539. looking at like bras and knickers like when i was in the m and s outlet and i was just like ah mm what? and then i was like probably has a girlfriend or a wife who he ' s buying the yeah i saw people like victoria ' s secret bags like these two guys met it ' s just mm and someone ' s getting fancy underwear and then i was like right i
540. the one he ' ll say oh yes mate whatever you need no no worries but my aunty ' s i don ' t know i think she ' s quite stressed because her youngest son and his wife who both have fairly severe disabilities have been staying with them for the past few months mm mm mm mm she ' s pushing seventy and she ' s just stressed out a lot of the time so i think
541. day normally no it ' s not a whole week they get like a day off a week normally but most of them will save it up and go for a mm long trip to spend with their yeah wife and kids or be in the village or whatever mm like and it is strange isn ' t it? it ' s like they ' re really desirable jobs and stuff yeah and for me it ' s odd
546. a cheque today has she fuck oh no and so god knows what ' s happening with that luckily the supplier hasn ' t chased though it ' s a designer and it ' s he and his wife had their own little business and em i don ' t i ' ve never met him but i think he ' s probably from the sound of his voice about fifty in his fifties anyway to me had sounds
547. so eh don ' t actually know if he ' s been taking the carpets with him either which em oh right yeah hopefully he won ' t he ' s moving into he ' s moving into his wife ' s house right em she ' s been living in there for some time i suspect they got married recently ah okay so hopefully he won ' t want to bother taking carpets and stuff cos it '
549. and who are the who are the hidden gems at work mm everyone ' s got a little something though haven ' t they? yeah well i i was just went today to my real dad and his wife over in boston went over there and had a meal erm and she ' s learning the guit no the violin so i was like oh give u yeah give us a concert give us a concert so
550. s not exactly something that they publish in the newspapers yeah is it? yeah can we get on? yeah okay that ' s the first thing okay the second thing is that he ' s lost his wife in a car bomb okay and he doesn ' t know who did it it could have been a police job which happened first? the laundry thing is an inciting thing and the erm inciting and
552. to his superiors yeah and he ' s yeah liliterally to get his this anti authoritarian thing and he ' s also right got a flea in his head because the er the car bombing of his wife erm didn ' t turn up with any clues mm erm because er some of his serious crimes er investigations uhu might have erm tangentially touched some of his superiors er he ' s
553. and that ' s when you have to say i can argue at the beginning there ' s something that ' s important well there ' s two things driving this guy one is yeah the loss of his wife and the other one ' s his sense of justice yeah there ' s two things happening along this line the virus and the bomb threat yeah yeah which is your plotline w yeah which is your plotline
555. know cos i have kind of moved on to email and and both oddly both the couples that i ' m friends with in germany write letters i mean doesn ' t he and i email but his wife writes letters still and and you know are really they don ' t have a television they ' re very sort of it similar to my colleague very intellectual they ' re archivists yeah and rather like you
557. ##m and i went to a talk on about teaching advanced learners which was really interesting oh yeah with a guy who ' s a doctor i think he ' s written quite a lot of course books his wife died last year and that ' s why he didn ' t go oh that ' s why the one the other one got cancelled last year erm how to make the best out of your team he did
559. ' s fine it ' s definitely different to what i had before but isn ' t the we erm when we went to erm italy skiing on one er night erm my brother and his wife and erm and i went out for a meal and we went to a pizzeria and i had a erm was it kawasaki? it is isn ' t it? calzone? calza
560. to her sister and she ' s got like a broth two younger brothers that lived with her as as well and after a while she got friendly with this gentleman who ' s had also lost his wife and they used to erm go to each other ' s houses for for a meal you know and she ' d say oh come and have come back and have some tea or something and meant it as
565. remember who um recently got married david went to his wedding and s promised to give him a wedding present and he has said what i want more than anything is a portrait by aw of him and his wife so i ' m doing that which is a negotiation between and myself which is kind of er not financially brilliant but i could live there for months on end without paying any bills oh really? yeah which is
566. yeah so that means nine people have lost their jobs there ' s someone in in the tesco one that ' s right ah he sort of recognised me yes he said i remember you coming with your wife or something like that ah that ' s nice yeah so pleased to go there yeah yeah that ' s lovely but oh no it wasn ' t tesco ' s she went to what what erm so
570. or something and there was a phone - in about it and a lady said that her grandfather was diagnosed with cancer mm and erm it had got to the point where it was terminal and then his wife her grandmother was diagnosed with a similar illness as well and she passed away first they were both being cared for but they were together mm and she passed away and forty - eight hours later their grandfather passed away
574. itself that ' s why we have eyelashes is to protect your eye so the bo okay so you can donate your kidney while you ' re alive can ' t you? yes because the architect ' s wife gave him a kidney yeah so can people if they wanted to say oh i ' ll go and get tested and i ' ll give a kidney? yeah yeah well i ' d give him a kidney i
580. sew and drink and eat really i ' ve explained this to people at work and they don ' t understand i know a lot of people look at me and go you do what? yeah my wife ' s going away for a week what ' s she gonna do? she ' s gonna go sewing what? what for the whole week? er yeah yeah yeah it ' s like alright it ' s
582. it ' s today or whether it was yesterday on the news about no i must ' ve deleted it about this guy who kidnapped his daughter mm well it wasn ' t kidnapped he had set about his wife yeah yeah and then took his daughter yeah and because he ' d got an i right phone phone they were able to trace him because it ' s got a tracking device in oh and that er i that
585. meet it ' s almost one up from meet the parents yeah you know it really was it was like okay this this is important erm but anyway so cooked a really nice meal and s and his wife was lovely so they both teach erm in secondary schools uhu erm is very involved in unions and stuff like that uhu cos he ' s actually erm very active in the socialist working
589. you know i mean well they said that the inui when they talk about people coming out of africa they aren ' t talking about like one bloke? no they ' re not with his wife you know what i mean? well he ' d be there then wouldn ' t he? you ' re you ' re talking about you know sort of mm well you ' re talking about hundreds over of
590. yeah eggs benedict we had egg this and egg that mm but he does cook well don ' t he? oh yeah so he does he does get through a lot of eggs don ' t cook his wife really? or his or his partner no she don ' t cook and neither do the kids do they? no i don ' t think so so he he cooks what do they eat when he ' s
593. never did the homework erm two of the people on the group very much wanted to the vicar wouldn ' t back them even though he knew what ' d been said was totally sensible cos his wife was one of the others who were we ' ve got to have a mission to the homeless people ah and along with another person who i can ' t a bit mad erm you haven ' t said
594. no idea what you ' re talking about what is er what do you mean by pop pop po? what do you mean by pop pop pop anyway? are you keen to get have children with your wife soon? yeah how many? no idea or we ' re happy without them true but you have a part to play in it obviously yeah so er so why er the happy to have them? if you
596. ' s not what we ' re here to do come on it is so where do you wanna go in pakistan for your honeymoon? i don ' t wanna go pakistan for my honeymoon what if your wife doesn ' t wanna go there though? um it ' ll hurt her feelings if you force her to pakistan so do you know where she ' d do what i said bin laden was in pakistan? you
604. were more er you were obviously research and development did you you did get sometimes obviously a chance to go to these places did you? or or travel at all? er yes in erm er my wife had a a horse and we had a horse box oh right so the my company car was a erm a discovery right and that was used to tow the company ' s trailer whenever we went to a
605. go but erm and that ' s over now and that twenty years of that erm yes it ' s it ' s over he was there a lot longer so erm did you meet your wife at work? or yes i did yes you did? yes oh right erm i got a er call from one of the other secretaries saying that erm i knew her vaguely but not very well yes
610. ##m and then when i left school i went to university and then to the er er photographic course in and then of course i stayed in erm then went to and went back to erm my wife died er eight years ago suddenly and i had to reassess things and after a while i i got fed up with london i wanted to move away from b the the flat we had there and so
616. ' s the name? what ' s what was he? i th oh i think he had matrimonial troubles actually oh dear oh quite common i imagine yeah i think yes i think his wife lived across the road did he? that ' s a strange arrangement i think so dear i i have a feeling she oh yes cos she had two daughters and they spent one week with with him on
617. they were taken over eventually by another big firm mm yeah i expect he did well oh yes i oh yeah that ' s right he had cancer i think and he died that ' s right oh his wife died earlier yes and i was surprised because she was a good horse rider yes and then i suppose it ' s one of those things isn ' t it? yeah well she died earlier i think she crashed
618. had some sort of cousin who lived in america oh right and so he came over he thought he could er he was a he he he inherited a his his estate apparently oh really? cos his wife had died earlier so it was only him in charge of everything mm yeah what did happen? oh he kept it going for a bit that ' s right when he very poorly and er a solicitor friend of
619. used to say he was boiled to death derogatory about er english food compared with the french food yeah i remember when when my dad ' s dad my grandpa other grandpa erm erm his wife died she died a lot younger my grandma yeah then erm his daughter - in - law used to invite him round for the family sunday lunch each week so he used to love going round for his sunday
622. t go back to work? went straight back out er to ours oh was impressed yeah she loves us i thought that was did you say? you know ' s got a friend called yeah and his wife ' s called er he was oh she ' s not married? yeah the one from the sort of not cult but the sort of er that has sevseven children commune yeah yes yeah commune she
623. a proper ironmongers - type shop and there is that one there used to be one in mm erm run by a very nice sikh gentleman who died unfortunately mm he was quite old and his wife and his son ran it for a while but his it wasn ' t really his son ' s mm kind of job erm but unfortunately they ha are no longer there erm they did have to close
625. one than they asked for the guy was who was he with again? his brother? uncle from scotland and uncle from oh three of them? three of them right oh lovely uncle was the one whose wife also died last year right yes yeah and then er uncle ' s local his wife ' s still alive so erm then so he phoned to say that and then er they had three hours sleep now
626. ? uncle from scotland and uncle from oh three of them? three of them right oh lovely uncle was the one whose wife also died last year right yes yeah and then er uncle ' s local his wife ' s still alive so erm then so he phoned to say that and then er they had three hours sleep now i don ' t know if that was because that he wasn ' t ready to
627. talked about him i don ' t know him but you ' ve talked about him yeah he ' s adopted did you know the adoption went through? he ' s adopted two little girls he and his wife ah oh yes and he ' s having an er siblings? yes ah i think they ' re half - siblings i don ' t think they ' ve got the same dads same mum er two and
629. i ' m in debenhams for example and somebody ' ll be looking a bit lost and i ' ll say are you okay? and they ' ll go oh i ' ve lost my wife or i ' ve lost my husband and i go two options run quick or i can help you find them and then i get people coming and going excuse me love could you tell me where? and i
634. partner not so long ago somebody who a man who lived with his partner for twenty years who and then yeah but had never actually divorced his wife and in fact he he became quite successful with his second wife and so she got all the money who was not the first wife got the entire estate yeah and that ' s the end of it yeah i know no questions asked mm my friend at work who i used
636. the animals before new year everybody wants fresh meat for new year ' s day so he ' s not too upset? mm i dunno if he has a chance to think cos we met his wife today and she w said he ' s just working every hour mm available was saying he ' s going to erm is it to? or to? to tomorrow? tonight tomorrow? no tonight? tonight
638. s witnessed people getting executed do you know what i mean? and he was like that so it ' s it ' s erm and he ' d you know he said he ' d lost his wife and you know that was his fault but but he said he needed to do it yeah he he needed to show the world what was happening he said he couldn ' t he can ' t explain it to
640. died the night before mm the uncle had? yeah well yeah so erm god ' s dad ' s brother mm so of course that put a dampener on christmas day for them all and his wife said well don ' t expect me to go to the funeral cos she ' d fallen out with all his family bit like nan and grandad ' s family yeah yeah and she didn ' t go

Cluster 2
9. if you don ' t mind sharing with another group then and that and we were like yeah not bothered that ' s fine went and sat down there ' s these three like scottish people like a man wife and teenage daughter absolutely miserable as f sin well done i like how you just looked at her and that and they just didn ' t speak to each other the whole time really? why? yeah and that
16. t think she ' ll kick up a fuss she ' ll ask the question but er anyway and we ' ll just say we didn ' t want him he wouldn ' t come anyway bring his miserable wife no okay i don ' t know if she ' s gonna book it mum said that erm the vicar ' s going away and what ' s her name? they ' re going away in may and
17. said she ' d go out with her instead and when her fella found out he went absolutely ballistic he was like just chucking things around the house and turns out he was a bit of a wife beater wow yeah poor heather d ' you think heather ' s gonna die? possibly don ' t want draft right here we go sending done d ' you know this foundation ' s so easy i don
29. when i left they cried their eyes out ah oh no that ' s oh that is just heart wrenching yeah they cried their eyes out oh gosh yes oh no yeah they really you know my wife if my wife was there she she she ' ll tell you oh no yeah they were they and they were both they were the same ones that were yeah you know? people with being mean the the the
30. they cried their eyes out ah oh no that ' s oh that is just heart wrenching yeah they cried their eyes out oh gosh yes oh no yeah they really you know my wife if my wife was there she she she ' ll tell you oh no yeah they were they and they were both they were the same ones that were yeah you know? people with being mean the the the big ones the
32. t think brazil now he ' s asking his own culture mm? d ' you know what ' s what ' s going on? are we?? no? what is your? wife? my wife? ah i know you know that? my wife is ah ah? i don ' t yeah you work in my quarter? you come here? summer then? yeah i ' m gonna come here there
33. culture mm? d ' you know what ' s what ' s going on? are we?? no? what is your? wife? my wife? ah i know you know that? my wife is ah ah? i don ' t yeah you work in my quarter? you come here? summer then? yeah i ' m gonna come here there ' s many turkish people come here they come?
36. says to the other i can ' t remember what the first one says but the second one ' s trying to go one better and they ' re talking about how stupid their wives are cos my wife is so stupid she ' s going on holiday and she ' s packed twelve condoms she hasn ' t even got a dick that ' s awesome also your irish accent ' s pretty special yeah my wife my
37. wife is so stupid she ' s going on holiday and she ' s packed twelve condoms she hasn ' t even got a dick that ' s awesome also your irish accent ' s pretty special yeah my wife my wife it sounds a bit west country yeah you have to you have to try and er you have to try you have to try otherwise you ' d never fail that ' s my motto what ' s
38. so stupid she ' s going on holiday and she ' s packed twelve condoms she hasn ' t even got a dick that ' s awesome also your irish accent ' s pretty special yeah my wife my wife it sounds a bit west country yeah you have to you have to try and er you have to try you have to try otherwise you ' d never fail that ' s my motto what ' s that thing
43. with or the partner or whatever mm he ' d done the same to his previous so like you got say let ' s say oh and i dunno how long this goes but let ' s say wife number one original wife mm only ever he cheated on her mm for the lady that he ' s now left for that he ' s left for mad right well that doesn ' t bode well does it
44. or whatever mm he ' d done the same to his previous so like you got say let ' s say oh and i dunno how long this goes but let ' s say wife number one original wife mm only ever he cheated on her mm for the lady that he ' s now left for that he ' s left for mad right well that doesn ' t bode well does it? you wouldn '
46. i heard them say we ' ll get you down for your ct ct scan as soon as we can and he ' s clothed so he was obviously had come in for an appointment i reckon son and wife with him and and as he was being pushed up i saw him clock my booth and er he obviously read the words and he just he he sort of just this massive sort of like and i thought oh
48. that women are inferior to men? disgusting no i know i mean what can you do? other than beat her oh god soundly until she realizes this oh oh can we please stop talking about my wife like this yeah you should keep her in line better your failure as a husband for purpose of clarification not your actual wife sorry? that ' d be quite funny if it did happen for the purposes
49. ##ly until she realizes this oh oh can we please stop talking about my wife like this yeah you should keep her in line better your failure as a husband for purpose of clarification not your actual wife sorry? that ' d be quite funny if it did happen for the purposes of clarification not your actual wife oh for clarification for the er yeah for the recording for corpus clarification
50. line better your failure as a husband for purpose of clarification not your actual wife sorry? that ' d be quite funny if it did happen for the purposes of clarification not your actual wife oh for clarification for the er yeah for the recording for corpus clarification yeah i ' m glad that i ' m glad that he was not suggesting that you beat your actual wife no his
51. actual wife oh for clarification for the er yeah for the recording for corpus clarification yeah i ' m glad that i ' m glad that he was not suggesting that you beat your actual wife no his actual wife beats him just your pretend wife yeah it ' s his fa it ' s his fake loveless marriage aw it ' s his faithless violent marriage it might be a fake lo m
52. clarification for the er yeah for the recording for corpus clarification yeah i ' m glad that i ' m glad that he was not suggesting that you beat your actual wife no his actual wife beats him just your pretend wife yeah it ' s his fa it ' s his fake loveless marriage aw it ' s his faithless violent marriage it might be a fake lo m fake marriage but it
53. yeah for the recording for corpus clarification yeah i ' m glad that i ' m glad that he was not suggesting that you beat your actual wife no his actual wife beats him just your pretend wife yeah it ' s his fa it ' s his fake loveless marriage aw it ' s his faithless violent marriage it might be a fake lo m fake marriage but it ' s not loveless aw
55. ' s the oldest isn ' t he? whereas like me and proper well ' s got youngest do you think he might take it on? no his mum his wife won ' t let him his wife won ' t let him but we we all want him to take it on have you told him that? we haven ' t no i haven ' t seen him we ' ve told that apparently he is
60. mm my mum and sister saw it oh i ' ll i ' ll watch it when she goes up to him and she ' s like i want you and then he ' s like this is my wife yeah she ' s like shit i kind of wanna make watch it do you think he ' d appreciate it? oh hell no but i ' m like this is why i am the way that i am
63. it? a well it ' s bound to isn ' t it? a famil yeah i mean he don ' t really know properly who i am now no no sometimes you ' re his wife sometimes you ' re his mother yeah sometimes i think you ' re just his friend yeah i don ' t he doesn ' t honestly know who i am he did at first yeah he asked me and if
72. wife is a bitch and so i yeah just fucking left yeah do you know what i mean? he really talks about it and he will say that you know he still has an excellent relationship with his wife ex - wife yeah and you know er she was a hugely important person in his life and still is yeah i mean his his best friend is her brother yeah you know because they ' ve know each other
73. bitch and so i yeah just fucking left yeah do you know what i mean? he really talks about it and he will say that you know he still has an excellent relationship with his wife ex - wife yeah and you know er she was a hugely important person in his life and still is yeah i mean his his best friend is her brother yeah you know because they ' ve know each other for such a
76. say when are you going to get married and when are you going to have kids? and saying and ' s dad is very much the same whatever meal they go out for he has exactly what his wife has without fail whatever she orders he will order goes mental she goes absolutely spare as you would because what kind of a life is that? you know even to the point where your wife dictates every
77. exactly what his wife has without fail whatever she orders he will order goes mental she goes absolutely spare as you would because what kind of a life is that? you know even to the point where your wife dictates every meal you have awful i think some men just were like that you know whatever the woman said went yeah i mean erm was like that you know she organised and booked and did every
80. ##ising the way you talk well see i was only there fifteen minutes and my brief brought that up as well yeah see hohohow can you judge a person after probably just jumped on the choose the wife husband er man well yeah a good back i mean this going nearly ten years ago so they didn ' t yeah i know i mean a lot of things have changed now er they don ' t always talk
83. was it the year before ' s fortieth where and turned up and he didn ' t come and acknowledge his g new granddaughter what? because i was sitting near and and she has the first wife syndrome no come on that ' s what we call it there ' s no other way to so she ' s quite jealous? protective? insecure yeah insecure and you know neurotic yeah and
85. have to that we will mm she might not even change her name so basically oh right that ' s what i was going to say so basically you ' re ma you ' re living as man and wife anyway yeah and you see each other as married you just haven ' t got it down on paper yeah you ' re not the traditional way no yeah i mean i got her a wooden ring not a not
88. really bad turn oh my god i know by the time got here he was just an absolute wreck and i just i just thought you ' re taking the piss actually because i ' m not a little wife just sit at home and make your dinner and yeah wonder what ' s happened to you and it ' s not fair for you and it ' s not fair for me and er he was like well you
89. re gonna go up there i think then the third weekend is ' s wedding so ' s my plus one so we ' re gonna go over to on the friday oh brilliant so has now become my wife she actually has that ' s sweet she ' s actually mentioned as my plus one in things that ' s nice so yeah it ' ll be really fun so we ' re gonna do that um that '
108. ? how dare you thump your sister i didn ' t thump you i know i ' m winding you up no right do this for the recording cos they ' ll think i ' m like a wife beater i know i know it ' s an insect bite i know it ' s an insect bite whoever ' s listening to this alright? we ' re not supposed to talk to them we ' re
117. daughter are you? well they don ' t really see him as like a member of the family do they? who is he? he ' s the son of his of who? his ex - wife of his ex - wife right my tongue is hurting yeah my tongue hurts i ' ve just nipped it or something i was wondering why it hurts but it hurts on one side yeah oh belly ' s
118. they don ' t really see him as like a member of the family do they? who is he? he ' s the son of his of who? his ex - wife of his ex - wife right my tongue is hurting yeah my tongue hurts i ' ve just nipped it or something i was wondering why it hurts but it hurts on one side yeah oh belly ' s gonna get you and it
123. hasn ' t already got two kids? well no he hasn ' t got any kids ' s got two girls from a previous relationship ' s pregnant dweeb yeah fine his wife is pregnant his wife is pregnant and then you ' re not allowed to be an aunty cos you don ' t talk to your brother i don ' t talk to him no erm my dad called me a few
124. all based on real life yeah so like on grey ' s anatomy which is obviously a really intelligent thing to bring up i do wish that i could have these conversations like going yeah but on the good wife well yeah but on grey ' s anatomy this bloke right but it ' s true on grey ' s anatomy this guy came in needed emergency treatment had no insurance and they weren ' t able to
126. goggling it? is someone calling you? what was that ringing noise? i thought it was the tea guy the tea tray what that ringing noise like a typewriter do you know about locks wife? turned into a pillar of salt and them some and then why? cos she looked back why turned ninivar and was ninivar city of sin? ninivar was a wasn '
128. of money for it he said no no he can ' t i can ' t sell it he said cos this is just what i do you know? yeah well it was a present for his wife it was a present for his wife yeah and somebody else saw it mm and wanwanted it and he said no i can ' t sell it but he made a wonderful job of that and it looked
129. no he can ' t i can ' t sell it he said cos this is just what i do you know? yeah well it was a present for his wife it was a present for his wife yeah and somebody else saw it mm and wanwanted it and he said no i can ' t sell it but he made a wonderful job of that and it looked like an old master cos he
132. so that ' s what i have and if if i ' m here living with erm i mean possibly things might change but erm his wife still has er is still she ' s still his wife even though they ' ve st got a separation agreement in place mm right erm that ' s sorted out a lot of the finances she has got claim to all of his pensions yeah yeah erm and
139. was it flushed with success oh yeah about yeah the man ' s insane i love the fight they ha there was an alleyway yeah lucian just um and lucian was beating each other up ah and a wife beater yeah so good oh yeah oh man i just laughed my head off saying wife beater i that ' s an unfortunate yeah ha ha ha the item of clothing the item of clothing yeah oh so
140. fight they ha there was an alleyway yeah lucian just um and lucian was beating each other up ah and a wife beater yeah so good oh yeah oh man i just laughed my head off saying wife beater i that ' s an unfortunate yeah ha ha ha the item of clothing the item of clothing yeah oh so good oh man ah i really should go back to work yeah yeah haway
148. like and they ' re all like the same sort of weird language that is made up right i ' m trying to think of what my name is cos i ' m just the governor ' s wife right i ' m pretty sure i have a name i just don ' t know what it is and then left the city actually it sounds more kind of eastern european russian actually doesn ' t it? yeah
155. and walked over and started piping her eye a bit cos she hadn ' t seen us and gave her a cuddle yeah she bought our nep nephew ' s wife yeah nephew ' s wife yeah who we ' d never se i can ' t remember seeing her she ' s never seen her before seen us once before and her dau her daughter or is it son? is at? daughter
160. and oh my gosh they ' re together now ah who ' s together now? like the virgin and the father it was so cute what happened to her fiance? he lied to her because the wife of the father was having an affair with the father ' s best friend and like the fiance knew about it and didn ' t tell the virgin girl hold on were they all okay with this little situation that
161. and didn ' t tell the virgin girl hold on were they all okay with this little situation that was occurred? what was gonna happen was like the virgin jane she was gonna give the father and the wife the baby i broke my fork here ' s a spoon i ' ve got a spoon okay like she was gonna give them the baby it like oh she thought they were a happy couple oh but because they
164. need to get the other place now catherine is dead the her husband is very sick i think what happens with the son? no the daughter oh then his son comes back cos his cos the wife dies his son comes back to wuthering heights first time he ' s met his dad the son ' s very ill like he ' s always sick so and and heathcliff doesn ' t like him
167. browning ' s poetry browning was amazing it was all about murdering people oh lovely i do love that it was great but hardy mate get a grip what he ' s up his wife after he ignored his wife for so many years then when she dies like i miss you i miss you oh so business that ' s what happens that ' s his fault that ' s boring the second year okay no the teacher was
171. agree so saying that anybody who was paying tax at forty percent should not have so anyone earning anyone earning over forty - two grand say yeah but that then discriminates if you have a husband and wife both working both earning say thirty thousand so together their income is sixty thousand they would get child allowance but a husband and wife or a couple living together where the husband is earning forty - two thousand say and
172. grand say yeah but that then discriminates if you have a husband and wife both working both earning say thirty thousand so together their income is sixty thousand they would get child allowance but a husband and wife or a couple living together where the husband is earning forty - two thousand say and the wife is not earning anything they would loose the child allowance so i can understand the arguments that it ' s unfair uh
173. both earning say thirty thousand so together their income is sixty thousand they would get child allowance but a husband and wife or a couple living together where the husband is earning forty - two thousand say and the wife is not earning anything they would loose the child allowance so i can understand the arguments that it ' s unfair uh - huh well i mean we despite being you know the era of single parent families and stuff
174. together mm yes well that ' s that is my thoughts of the solution to it again going back quite a few years it we used to have the option of couples could opt to be taxed the wife taxed with the husband so that their income was considered jointly and what they ought to do is say erm for parents who are receiving child benefit they should be a have the option of saying we wish
175. m don ' t think i ' m going anywhere near that yet season six or seven i think yeah the thing about frank being thingy ' s dad charlie ' s dad yeah is mm my whore wife i love that my wife she ' s a whore he ' s just constantly pulling his gun out my whore wife it ' s the way he says whore the whore wife whore wife ah not the best weep
176. i ' m going anywhere near that yet season six or seven i think yeah the thing about frank being thingy ' s dad charlie ' s dad yeah is mm my whore wife i love that my wife she ' s a whore he ' s just constantly pulling his gun out my whore wife it ' s the way he says whore the whore wife whore wife ah not the best weepisode is when er
177. about frank being thingy ' s dad charlie ' s dad yeah is mm my whore wife i love that my wife she ' s a whore he ' s just constantly pulling his gun out my whore wife it ' s the way he says whore the whore wife whore wife ah not the best weepisode is when er dee takes steroids yeah yeah yeah yeah did you see that? oh no that '
178. dad yeah is mm my whore wife i love that my wife she ' s a whore he ' s just constantly pulling his gun out my whore wife it ' s the way he says whore the whore wife whore wife ah not the best weepisode is when er dee takes steroids yeah yeah yeah yeah did you see that? oh no that ' s so fucking funny and charlie is like who took my
179. is mm my whore wife i love that my wife she ' s a whore he ' s just constantly pulling his gun out my whore wife it ' s the way he says whore the whore wife whore wife ah not the best weepisode is when er dee takes steroids yeah yeah yeah yeah did you see that? oh no that ' s so fucking funny and charlie is like who took my shit?
180. the fuck is there? i only want not not gerard or gerard had other things to do do do do do do do do do do i ' ve got better things to do like fuck my whore wife my wife she ' s a whore why do you want to follow him there? fuck with his money i managed to get hosed down by the police they ' re all trying to get the flu virus
181. is there? i only want not not gerard or gerard had other things to do do do do do do do do do do i ' ve got better things to do like fuck my whore wife my wife she ' s a whore why do you want to follow him there? fuck with his money i managed to get hosed down by the police they ' re all trying to get the flu virus i want
182. cheese how do you spell whore w h o r e? yeah yeah why are you writing whore? why not? it ' s his status innit? i ' m going to fuck my whore wife in the whore ass whore ass where ' s the remote? cos i want to mute the telly well the football ' s about to start now you ' re going to mute with it right now
183. yeah we both rubbed each other ' s back yeah i rubbed shut up mother fucker okay yeah continue your rant i rub i rub your back i rub his back he does mine yeah my whore wife oh shut up my wife she ' s a whore jecko jecko i threw up last night and i haven ' t brushed my teeth yet ah you need shame where d ' you throw up? bin
184. other ' s back yeah i rubbed shut up mother fucker okay yeah continue your rant i rub i rub your back i rub his back he does mine yeah my whore wife oh shut up my wife she ' s a whore jecko jecko i threw up last night and i haven ' t brushed my teeth yet ah you need shame where d ' you throw up? bin stop being sick in bin
185. jowman we ' ve got fernandinho you ' ve got coutinho they ' ve got mourinho we ' ve got moutenio we ' ve got your whore wife my wife she ' s a whore she ' s a whore no man whore you still don ' t sound like him ru rust today today she ' s a whore go on two goals for one are you
186. ##man we ' ve got fernandinho you ' ve got coutinho they ' ve got mourinho we ' ve got moutenio we ' ve got your whore wife my wife she ' s a whore she ' s a whore no man whore you still don ' t sound like him ru rust today today she ' s a whore go on two goals for one are you going to
187. he wasn ' t a good player not a wanker i haven ' t wanked in a long time lallana you ' re a sulky bollock mm gruschev fucking my whore wife do you reckon would like an office whore? yeah she ' s shagged everyone getting pissed at the office party and just fucking she she will put anything in her mouth even my infected penis i also think
188. you ' re questioning why she i de i was li i was just staring at her bum and she like where ' s that come from? just looking at her bum what? fucks sake poor wife i love her she ' s a whore did you have a good er night? pardon? yeah it was a good one did anyone not have a good night? i i had a splendid night did that
194. ' s already been a couple of like suicides like related to it what? cos it was revealed? yeah cos they ' ve been revealed well you shouldn ' t cheat on your ma wife should you? mm or your girlfriend or your husband or yeah oh female profiles on the site don ' t require their users to pay to send or receive messages right but thirty - one million male accounts there
207. s erm a jar of almond butter erm so it ' s not a person maybe i will marry one we ' d be very happy yeah do you mum take almond butter to be your lovely wife? you ' re gay it wouldn ' t last me very long i ' d have to divorce it though when i ' d eaten it all yeah cos i ' d want to get another one so
208. marry an everlasting supply of dates but mum it wouldn ' t be everlasting cos you would die and do you wait wait wait do you take datey dates to be your lovely wife? so long as they ' re medjool dates which are the best ones yes they are and are they fresh from morocco? no yes n i say no they are oh well i don ' t
209. not fresh from morocco they are fresh from morocco okay do you say i do? i do i do is that how dates talk? i do no no wait it goes i do you are now gay wife and wife yeah and you had a little i think being gay is the least of my worries and if i ' ve married a box of dates and now you will kiss the dates how do you knhow
210. from morocco they are fresh from morocco okay do you say i do? i do i do is that how dates talk? i do no no wait it goes i do you are now gay wife and wife yeah and you had a little i think being gay is the least of my worries and if i ' ve married a box of dates and now you will kiss the dates how do you knhow do you
212. got a top five list? cambodia was really nice it was really nice but i dunno if it would make it into my to five it has to that ' s where you proposed to your future wife i mean yeah okay yeah it ' s where i proposed that ' d be the romantic setting though you ' re lucky you ' re lucky that it ' s just us in this room right now okay top
214. met two weeks ago on thursday yes i er meet yeah and she said was here and i said and she didn ' t remember here name and she said oh your friend was here oh farmer ' s wife yeah i was gonna say that ' s what you would call her yeah he ' s about five minutes behind in this conversation that ' s what you call i don ' t know i don ' t know
220. one their chains and two their clothes do you reck? was he gay? stalin? no i don ' t think he was all the fit ones are to be fair mark ronson ' s wife this one ' s great please tell me you ' re going to say what i think you ' re no minus the gay voice and and he ' s he ' s alright he ' s alright joseph '
225. was divorced oh no she ' s it it is well i don ' t know if he has because i think he could he ' s so sneaky that i think muslims can take more than one wife ah and er the the thing is that er he says that he ' s divorced her over there but he mi he might not have done so you know when i wonder how that affects law here because i
227. their mums if they ' re lucky enough to have one their grannies if they ' re lucky enough to have one yeah their sisters if they ' re lucky enough to have one yeah their husband wife partner partner whoever whatever they call it yeah or with with if they ' re lucky enough to have one with friends or their friends mm the father daughter relationship ' s different mm and and your dad might think
231. ' s ' s house i know they ' re living in it and how weird is that? to then say oh i ' ll you know i i i ' ll go and see my ex - wife or not even my ex - wife they ' re not divorced i did tell she needed to get divorced in twenty - sixteen erm they won ' t though because well she said she said she thought she
232. they ' re living in it and how weird is that? to then say oh i ' ll you know i i i ' ll go and see my ex - wife or not even my ex - wife they ' re not divorced i did tell she needed to get divorced in twenty - sixteen erm they won ' t though because well she said she said she thought she might anyway erm i said so
236. next door to them do they still live there the s? no no not there they they ' ve moved to big bigger things haven ' t they? have they actually moved though? cos the wife wouldn ' t move would she? ah no they have moved was it the rife the wife? don ' t know what she ' s called i thought they moved to? yes yeah they had a
237. ve moved to big bigger things haven ' t they? have they actually moved though? cos the wife wouldn ' t move would she? ah no they have moved was it the rife the wife? don ' t know what she ' s called i thought they moved to? yes yeah they had a place there didn ' t they? but they were very friendly with them because of they she they
240. know what er does? he could be a biochemist he ' s a really nice guy actually really really nice guy i tell you who they ' re very good friends with erm the husband and wife is with and yes but she mentioned because she used to teach at mm as well erm mm she said about you not working at anymore and i had to bite my tongue mm mm so i didn '
242. s a that ' s erm she ' s what does it mean? she ' s got nordic kind of what girlfriend? godgoddess of goddess of earth it ' s odin ' s wife isn ' t it? like odin yeah what so what ' s she like the? nature or something isn ' t it? yeah nature yeah goddess of nature they ' ve got some good i like all
248. sure olives is gonna go yeah? yeah it ' s different now everyone ' s got wives why have they got wives? what ' s the point of that? well you ' ve got a wife yeah but you ' re different mm you ' re not like the other wives are you? er why? why? mm? why not? why? yeah i can ' t say on the recording there
252. it ' s about the kids isn ' t it? yeah that ' s it why not be? if the kids aren ' t getting a good upbringing yeah with the wife? yeah then or ex wife whatever she is i don ' t know if they were married yeah like i ' m not saying automatically go to house and but if that ' s actually the short term what ' s going to be best
254. still pretty cool though mm it was like if you spoke to it it will be able to speak back to you in your voice that ' s really scary so it could speak his language his ex - wife ' s language and everything what his ex - wife? where ' s his ex - wife from? how did you even know he did how did he bring up the ex - wife? because i guess
255. spoke to it it will be able to speak back to you in your voice that ' s really scary so it could speak his language his ex - wife ' s language and everything what his ex - wife? where ' s his ex - wife from? how did you even know he did how did he bring up the ex - wife? because i guess he hasn ' t got the parrot now because it
256. speak back to you in your voice that ' s really scary so it could speak his language his ex - wife ' s language and everything what his ex - wife? where ' s his ex - wife from? how did you even know he did how did he bring up the ex - wife? because i guess he hasn ' t got the parrot now because it had to be re - homed i
257. his ex - wife ' s language and everything what his ex - wife? where ' s his ex - wife from? how did you even know he did how did he bring up the ex - wife? because i guess he hasn ' t got the parrot now because it had to be re - homed i guess when they broke up oh i see so who married him? i dunno well maybe
259. bauer they shoot him in the face no shit oh yeah cos they get with that journalist yeah they get bauer then to shoot him to shoot him yeah they get bauer that cos they kidnap his wife and daughter yeah that ' s the thing no matter what he still gets his wife and daughter back no he doesn ' t his wife dies yeah his wife got shot at the end of the first series yeah
260. that journalist yeah they get bauer then to shoot him to shoot him yeah they get bauer that cos they kidnap his wife and daughter yeah that ' s the thing no matter what he still gets his wife and daughter back no he doesn ' t his wife dies yeah his wife got shot at the end of the first series yeah his wife dies yeah his wife dies at the end she didn ' t get shot
261. to shoot him yeah they get bauer that cos they kidnap his wife and daughter yeah that ' s the thing no matter what he still gets his wife and daughter back no he doesn ' t his wife dies yeah his wife got shot at the end of the first series yeah his wife dies yeah his wife dies at the end she didn ' t get shot she got stabbed stabbed he definitely got his daughter back
262. they get bauer that cos they kidnap his wife and daughter yeah that ' s the thing no matter what he still gets his wife and daughter back no he doesn ' t his wife dies yeah his wife got shot at the end of the first series yeah his wife dies yeah his wife dies at the end she didn ' t get shot she got stabbed stabbed he definitely got his daughter back twice i have no
263. yeah that ' s the thing no matter what he still gets his wife and daughter back no he doesn ' t his wife dies yeah his wife got shot at the end of the first series yeah his wife dies yeah his wife dies at the end she didn ' t get shot she got stabbed stabbed he definitely got his daughter back twice i have no idea what ' s going on so what have you got to
264. the thing no matter what he still gets his wife and daughter back no he doesn ' t his wife dies yeah his wife got shot at the end of the first series yeah his wife dies yeah his wife dies at the end she didn ' t get shot she got stabbed stabbed he definitely got his daughter back twice i have no idea what ' s going on so what have you got to say about this?
267. s like no i ' m getting the guy oh yeah she got stabbed and he just le just leaves her he just leaves her in the room he just leaves his wife? no the president ' s wife yeah he ' s a dick the president ' s ex - wife ex - wife she ' s a she ' s a fool she ' s a bitch oh that ' s alright then yeah she ' s
268. stabbed and he just le just leaves her he just leaves her in the room he just leaves his wife? no the president ' s wife yeah he ' s a dick the president ' s ex - wife ex - wife she ' s a she ' s a fool she ' s a bitch oh that ' s alright then yeah she ' s horrible and she ' s really as long as she ' s horrible
269. just le just leaves her he just leaves her in the room he just leaves his wife? no the president ' s wife yeah he ' s a dick the president ' s ex - wife ex - wife she ' s a she ' s a fool she ' s a bitch oh that ' s alright then yeah she ' s horrible and she ' s really as long as she ' s horrible yeah but then
276. recent people in their lives like their children or their husband or what have you i worked with erm looked after a man and his poor wife was like a saint mm and he knew she was his wife but he thought she was his first wife oh okay and that must have been really hard for her mm but he used to tell me all these stories scotsman he was and he had this really broad scots
277. or their husband or what have you i worked with erm looked after a man and his poor wife was like a saint mm and he knew she was his wife but he thought she was his first wife oh okay and that must have been really hard for her mm but he used to tell me all these stories scotsman he was and he had this really broad scots accent and he used to be a shepherd
283. put the dishwasher on make me tea ah no demands you ' ve now got it that you do that without me needing to instruct you any more so that ' s nice i am perfect wife material then it ' s take it ' s taken a few years but i ' ve got her now to oh dear the training is almost complete it ' s not okay well don ' t forget there is
288. and there ' s no blemishes on them at all no mm it ' s just not right is it no no we really did notice that this time it ' s like the stepford wife of fruit and vegetables yeah mm mm mm why has this worcester sauce bottle got eighteen it looks like you have to be eighteen to be able to drink it? mm mm it ' s got alcohol in it
289. pubs mm mm they should be blacklisted from like dominos eating but these carers like they i don ' t know i think a lot of them it ' s either their husband or their wife it ' s usually the husband feeding the wife yeah because they ' ve got some kind of power over them and they keep them in the house that ' s it so they can go out on the ra
290. from like dominos eating but these carers like they i don ' t know i think a lot of them it ' s either their husband or their wife it ' s usually the husband feeding the wife yeah because they ' ve got some kind of power over them and they keep them in the house that ' s it so they can go out on the razzle i don ' t it ' s some
291. to see when was that? when i took out when i went out with oh didn ' t i tell you that? no you swine didn ' t i tell you i went out with your wife your wife? when was that then? erm oh long after you ' d thrown her aside like a dish dirty dishrag yeah yeah she was in england living with and up er near the in where
292. when was that? when i took out when i went out with oh didn ' t i tell you that? no you swine didn ' t i tell you i went out with your wife your wife? when was that then? erm oh long after you ' d thrown her aside like a dish dirty dishrag yeah yeah she was in england living with and up er near the in where did you
293. for ten you get the piccolo go on then what ' s a glockenspiel? it ' s like a a a thing you hit with hammers and er like a like a a wife? yes like a wife what we call wife a musical wife eh? you want some more? yes i want some more yeah there you go help yourself glockenspiel and it ' s like
294. piccolo go on then what ' s a glockenspiel? it ' s like a a a thing you hit with hammers and er like a like a a wife? yes like a wife what we call wife a musical wife eh? you want some more? yes i want some more yeah there you go help yourself glockenspiel and it ' s like a thing you hit with
295. what ' s a glockenspiel? it ' s like a a a thing you hit with hammers and er like a like a a wife? yes like a wife what we call wife a musical wife eh? you want some more? yes i want some more yeah there you go help yourself glockenspiel and it ' s like a thing you hit with hammers like er
296. a glockenspiel? it ' s like a a a thing you hit with hammers and er like a like a a wife? yes like a wife what we call wife a musical wife eh? you want some more? yes i want some more yeah there you go help yourself glockenspiel and it ' s like a thing you hit with hammers like er erm a
298. sort of mm where he has to help them out you know and he ' s very busy all the time and yeah and his wife told him he can ' t retire well it ain ' t his wife is it? it ' s his partner yeah mm told him he can ' t retire she ' s a a solicitor is it a solicitor or lawyer? yeah and er but you know they they for the
302. you marry someone say i marry she ' ll become your daughter - in - law yes that will make her my sister no she ' s recognized as my daughter - in - law that ' s your wife it ' s a bit confusing that she ' s called your daughter and i ' m your son yeah so therefore are we not brother and sister yeah yeah i don ' t know what ' s that that
315. knew the he did he well he didn ' t the husband? no no he didn ' t know that was the husband of he would have known that you know my dad had a er had a wife but he would never have clocked because mum would have been yeah yeah yeah and so they would never have been so someone he knew is the husband my dad yeah is the husband oh that is but they
321. film mm and erm erm i just can ' t remember the names at all no can ' t remember the names at all but it ' s the same thing the eerm erm the wife was played by the the dark head actress the role of prim actress who was in the sex and the city ah yeah er american er that ' s a name i really can ' t remember i can
324. committee so and so what does he do on the committee sorry? er we ' ve got two um footpath er officer roles mm o one is huge so it ' s done by a husband and wife that ' s oh yeah and that ' s and mm whom you met that ' s s that ' s the sort of countryside still watching the skating? we ' re not really watching it we ' re
339. must have lived near us then mm we lived in well i spent three years there mm i was at a teacher ' s training college in mm and that was all male until the last year until your wife came along when i met my wife mm and my you know but that ' s another story and you met her at college? that ' s another story i met her at college yeah but how funny it
347. yes thank you thank you and i was like aren ' t you going to introduce us darling? i didn ' t actually say that but i was bit like i i ' m i ' m the wife but the you see whewhen congratulations are in order you see the wifey thing to do when you see that look on ' s face when he ' s going i don ' t really know
350. thought he had and then he hadn ' t but he might still you know what i mean? yeah well er er said what are you gonna do then? he ' s like you know find a wife classic find a wife yep shshe hasn ' t been like thinks that ' s how you get a wife but but you ' ve gotta have a flat to get a wife that ' s cool like
351. then he hadn ' t but he might still you know what i mean? yeah well er er said what are you gonna do then? he ' s like you know find a wife classic find a wife yep shshe hasn ' t been like thinks that ' s how you get a wife but but you ' ve gotta have a flat to get a wife that ' s cool like fucking then like stole
352. er said what are you gonna do then? he ' s like you know find a wife classic find a wife yep shshe hasn ' t been like thinks that ' s how you get a wife but but you ' ve gotta have a flat to get a wife that ' s cool like fucking then like stole our money or something really weird no cheated no ono on the quiz he fucking cheated at er
353. you know find a wife classic find a wife yep shshe hasn ' t been like thinks that ' s how you get a wife but but you ' ve gotta have a flat to get a wife that ' s cool like fucking then like stole our money or something really weird no cheated no ono on the quiz he fucking cheated at er do you remember he cheated in the pub quiz? there no no
356. and now look at his i mean w but this is really awful but okay look at his wife it ' s when you ' re meant to lose your faith look at hi look at look at his wife okay yeah do you think they ' re a good match? i dunno i haven ' t seen them yet oh my god she looks like someone ' s mum that ' s crazy sh go this way
364. and teejay ' s mum is always doing something crazy and sumi just thinks oh my goodness me what is this lady doing? so one thing that i do know is that the woman the wife of the nasty man that owns the sweet shop just for adults and is selling stuff with hamster poo in it erm she is going to er actually train to do the aerial hoop in secret and
369. moved into for a while but she ' s back oh oh well what ' s she doing? i mean on her own? i don ' t know cos she was just a vicar ' s wife wasn ' t she? no she she was a social worker oh very nice huh? mm bet she ' s still working she ' s a member of the family mm oh well she ' s she '
372. the time to leave was then just go yeah it ' s it ' s situations like that he ' s not grown up is he? he ' s not realising and when your when your partner slash wife or whatever says at one o ' clock in the morning we are drunk enough we ' ve had a good night we ' ve had enough it ' s time to go let ' s go home you don
377. i ' ll remember i don ' t get that sort of you don ' t need it yeah but i don ' t get that type of waiting on you have it in the other room like a wife should do oh oh so no so so that ' s it really so w so he ' s coming with us to is he? yeah and ' s friend is coming to oh right and she was really
380. whatever her name was i can ' t remember heather something yeah she she lives in still somewhere i thought she was dead mm? she ' s dead no no that that ' s not not his first wife that was erm what was her name? linda mccartney yeah no she died but he met he mmarried heather with the oh yeah the one that had the one leg? yeah mm yeah well she
386. hell all the time and this woman looks across and she waves and she says hello there are you okay he says yeah yeah i ' m fine thanks this head on the pillow and the next day the wife goes in again and she sits down next to her husband and she says how are all your fellow patients? he says they ' re all they ' re they ' re all fine so she looks across at
389. last year ' s like what are you doing one year on one year off? fuck man that ' s pretty extreme what do you mean he had a well crazy year? he needs to find a wife man yeah that ' s why he ' s doing it is to find a wife but that ' s easy he needs to find a wifey find a wife being sober find a wife by being all really
390. fuck man that ' s pretty extreme what do you mean he had a well crazy year? he needs to find a wife man yeah that ' s why he ' s doing it is to find a wife but that ' s easy he needs to find a wifey find a wife being sober find a wife by being all really boring and sober that ' s bullshit that ' s exactly what he ' ll need
391. crazy year? he needs to find a wife man yeah that ' s why he ' s doing it is to find a wife but that ' s easy he needs to find a wifey find a wife being sober find a wife by being all really boring and sober that ' s bullshit that ' s exactly what he ' ll need to do well if you if you if you get like you the harder it
392. to find a wife man yeah that ' s why he ' s doing it is to find a wife but that ' s easy he needs to find a wifey find a wife being sober find a wife by being all really boring and sober that ' s bullshit that ' s exactly what he ' ll need to do well if you if you if you get like you the harder it does when he ' s
393. s drunk it ' s not necessarily like a social lubricant as that it ' s more like anti - women spray well he should just be slightly more i told him how to get a wife how do you get a wife? he ' s gotta go to america why? the british accent the british accent and shortage of men i think that ' s so much it is true are you crazy?
394. necessarily like a social lubricant as that it ' s more like anti - women spray well he should just be slightly more i told him how to get a wife how do you get a wife? he ' s gotta go to america why? the british accent the british accent and shortage of men i think that ' s so much it is true are you crazy? it ' s not i '
407. and gave her to her mum who was somewhere deep in you know she was in paris somewhere outside paris yeah so her husband running around where the fuck is my daughter? yeah where ' s that bloody wife of mine? she ' s gone off to peru on a sailing boat jesus you know it ' s a mad story when you think about it isn ' t it? i mean you know it ' s
412. ' m still but we ' re still very good friends mm that ' s nice she was wonder she was my she was a love of my life i suppose but i think my second wife the turkish wife was a real was my real love and you know she killed herself in the end cos she was a manic depressive and that that was a big that was a big big shock and a big
421. limited to i think it ' s before it was fifty i could ' ve gone up to fifty hours per month which sounds like a lot and it is well but because they had just like husband and wife or a couple or you know just talking like they ' d literally just put it on all day it would be two and a half days straight and of course that ' s like a good deal of money
424. died a lot longer younger no that ' s living quite long look how look how beautiful they used to make their stones look yeah that one joined to it is that er? it must be husband and wife is it? yeah that ' s the wife look huh ah and that ' s such a beautiful erm spire oh look there ' s another family oh we ' re standing on the oh and there '
425. living quite long look how look how beautiful they used to make their stones look yeah that one joined to it is that er? it must be husband and wife is it? yeah that ' s the wife look huh ah and that ' s such a beautiful erm spire oh look there ' s another family oh we ' re standing on the oh and there ' s another one wow that ' s that must
433. yeah and yeah and there were only four couples in there yeah? and and oh gosh for three three of them three of the tables were people that knew band members yeah they they were husband and wife you know? so it wasn ' t very well booked then and one just one pair of a lot of people in the bar oh i see and some people who didn ' t want to sit with the
437. his wardrobe it wasn ' t a wardrobe was it? it was a cupboard it was a lock cupboard or something what was in his cupboard? no he had someone else someone who wasn ' t his wife and she got pregnant in a cupboard? yeah in a cupboard? in a restaurant in a what a cupboard restaurant? restaurant what? boris and then she got pregnant and the son couldn ' t look more
441. is he? tut he ' s back in he went back to thailand for a while with you know his oh yeah his former former w the woman who stole his sort of s or his second wife or whatever his second wife who stole all his money but for some reason he went back to thailand with her i dunno but that ' s obviously another reason why ' s got power of attorney mm he
442. he ' s back in he went back to thailand for a while with you know his oh yeah his former former w the woman who stole his sort of s or his second wife or whatever his second wife who stole all his money but for some reason he went back to thailand with her i dunno but that ' s obviously another reason why ' s got power of attorney mm he ' s got some sort
453. he like yeah he ' s really looking at that yeah might could be that yeah once you get a dog you looking at his document you ' re really fifty inch plasma screen you ' re not my wife mark i am his wife the best one is you ' re not james bond you ' re andrew you ' re disgusting yeah play a resignation play a resignation i ' m not gonna do this i ' m
454. s really looking at that yeah might could be that yeah once you get a dog you looking at his document you ' re really fifty inch plasma screen you ' re not my wife mark i am his wife the best one is you ' re not james bond you ' re andrew you ' re disgusting yeah play a resignation play a resignation i ' m not gonna do this i ' m not gonna suck his bring
455. know what? tomorrow i ' m just wanna be at home yeah in my room i ' m alright she ' s like fuck it i ' m here whatever taken oh dear it was a husband and wife that ran the d ran the day care oh it ' s there ' s a very weird sexual stuff out there it has to be said and even if there ' re so many fetishes out there
458. ship on the aeroplane i was like i was listening to what some people were saying cos i was bored and there were some these people were talking to each other like two different like husband and wife they were saying that their kid was er you know like a holiday rep? yeah like not er not a holiday rep but like a sales person yeah and they were saying that like that before you sell a
462. working backwards from there is going to be impossible so let ' s work it out is what? he can ' t even remember if it ' s his son or not so ' s on his third wife and seventh child don ' t say that in front of which wife are you on? mm oh so that thing of people calling their erm their children a double - barrelled combination because they can co
463. work it out is what? he can ' t even remember if it ' s his son or not so ' s on his third wife and seventh child don ' t say that in front of which wife are you on? mm oh so that thing of people calling their erm their children a double - barrelled combination because they can cos the women are kind of ardent femifeminists so
468. had quite a lot to do with the royal family actually haven ' t you? with the what? the royal family sang at the weddings and yeah i suppose so mm mm and prince edward ' s wife came and opened the earth project yeah? forgotten her name now yeah sophie is it? mm? is it sophie? sophie yeah but what ' s her title? duchess of oh i don ' t know
469. ? yeah yeah i have doing his meals and that yeah took him to the doctor ' s went in with him cos he rang on me and the doc said to me like have you been his wife? i said i ' m not his wife i ' m his neighbour he said there ' s a pity there ' s not a few more neighbours another doctor said that when they were taking him off on
470. that yeah took him to the doctor ' s went in with him cos he rang on me and the doc said to me like have you been his wife? i said i ' m not his wife i ' m his neighbour he said there ' s a pity there ' s not a few more neighbours another doctor said that when they were taking him off on the stretcher who ' s he got?
475. really badly so he ' s gone home been sick hasn ' t thought to text me during any of this it fucks me off cos i ' m not his girlfriend i ' m not his wife i ' m not gonna sit around making him dinner yeah oh fuck off anyway so but i mean that that is a very very far - fetched story like if you were gonna make up a lie you
483. it? that ' s super super wealth david cameron probably has a really nice house and a lot more money than yeah i mean his wife ' s got a load of money actually apparently david cameron his wife his wife is loaded pardon? cos his her parents are very wealthy too but yeah i i i used to be money doesn ' t matter at all but now i realise it does a bit but not
484. that ' s super super wealth david cameron probably has a really nice house and a lot more money than yeah i mean his wife ' s got a load of money actually apparently david cameron his wife his wife is loaded pardon? cos his her parents are very wealthy too but yeah i i i used to be money doesn ' t matter at all but now i realise it does a bit but not to the
486. pick one for me oh yeah erm what should we go for? shall we go for? the art and literature of bath? that ' s exactly what i was thinking purple baths erm the wife of bath ' s tale is part of what classic work written in middle english? little women no the canterbury tales oh okay and little women ' s probably written a bit later isn ' t it? yeah
489. see you ' re really busy what you cooking it smells lovely? it ' s fucking burning and and i said look i can ' t she said well why don ' t you go and get your wife and she can talk to me wife ' s the one who ' s burning the food i know they ' re cheeky you know what i mean they ' re just fuck off woman you know that is
490. you cooking it smells lovely? it ' s fucking burning and and i said look i can ' t she said well why don ' t you go and get your wife and she can talk to me wife ' s the one who ' s burning the food i know they ' re cheeky you know what i mean they ' re just fuck off woman you know that is bad yeah yeah well we have the
496. you find there ' s more men on the streets than women oh and they they put it down to like the break up of the home um they ' re saying like you know if a husband and wife break up and they ' ve got kids like it ' ll always pretty much be expected that the man will move out yeah and if he has a bit of a break down of like s events spiral out
508. to? was there? i ' m sure you told me about going no i didn ' t oh right he ' s always by himself i don ' t think his wife comes with him ' s wife came today mrs the little fella who looks a bit like oh did she? she is just only sat there all the time and wouldn ' t move oh is that his wife? she wouldn ' t
509. with him ' s wife came today mrs the little fella who looks a bit like oh did she? she is just only sat there all the time and wouldn ' t move oh is that his wife? she wouldn ' t stand up she just sat in the same place that ' s his wife? yeah was she meant to move tables? no it was alright we just adapted around her why wouldn '
510. she? she is just only sat there all the time and wouldn ' t move oh is that his wife? she wouldn ' t stand up she just sat in the same place that ' s his wife? yeah was she meant to move tables? no it was alright we just adapted around her why wouldn ' t she move? and then one fella turned up twenty minutes late and what they do is
511. one sentence i know but you have to answer the questions like what do you think the general social message of this text is yeah i did in one sentence? yeah and what does curley ' s wife teach us? uhu and what ' s your final opinion of her uhu oh wow i cos it ' s it ' s all basically one answer what does curley ' s wife teach us
512. s wife teach us? uhu and what ' s your final opinion of her uhu oh wow i cos it ' s it ' s all basically one answer what does curley ' s wife teach us? she teaches us the social general message which is? which is blah blah blah which is also my opinion well why don ' t you i put something like curley ' s wife teaches us
513. s wife teach us? she teaches us the social general message which is? which is blah blah blah which is also my opinion well why don ' t you i put something like curley ' s wife teaches us i ' m gonna do that so badly i ' m not gonna tell anyone what i got i ' m not gonna tell anyone what i got even you i ' m not gonna tell you co
515. said why you put the gate through and he he went up the wall didn ' t he? he went up the wall he went down the the farmer my wife for don ' t speak with my wife speak with me you know and they had to go to the farmer if i was this farmer i ' d of just put a barbed wire barrier up where the gate is yeah and if he anything that '
523. the door ' s gonna oh my god she ' s coming down the aisle oh my god when are they gonna kiss? cos of course when you say like you ' re hhusband and wife like what do they do? like do they kiss in front of everyone for the first time? and they haven ' t even said hello well pretty much not no you know yeah well and th and then
533. affair his wife then develops a terminal illness mm and he supports her very faithfully through that while also seeing his mistress who he then marries after his wife ' s death mm but he never lets his wife down or abandons her at all does the wife know about the mistress? i don ' t know and mm interesting as in i can ' t remember alright fair enough unknown by you but not necessarily unknown
534. he supports her very faithfully through that while also seeing his mistress who he then marries after his wife ' s death mm but he never lets his wife down or abandons her at all does the wife know about the mistress? i don ' t know and mm interesting as in i can ' t remember alright fair enough unknown by you but not necessarily unknown by history no that ' s cool that ' s
542. sandwich on his own oh i don ' t know no? old? oh well young? must be in his forties oh i don ' t think i know him bald head? no mm chinese wife mm dunno erm there ' s one what ' s that? that ' s not a mozzie that ' s a oh mm don ' t know what that is they ' re all bugs
543. time i spoke to about her relationship she had just finished with the guy that had like money problems yeah one of it might be the same guy she turned up to his house and he was wearing a wife beater yeah and was like just was like wait a minute i ' ve just gotta say something to my mum or something and she had to like drive him around yeah and i think he asked her for
544. hasn ' t ever been employee of the month or something gone for the special dinner gone to the dinner yeah mm sound like a nice guy yeah he is really nice is he the one with the funny wife well not funny wife even though i ' m convinced he ' s gay but then where is she philippines or something mm malaysia i don ' t know if that ' s different is it? mm it '
545. been employee of the month or something gone for the special dinner gone to the dinner yeah mm sound like a nice guy yeah he is really nice is he the one with the funny wife well not funny wife even though i ' m convinced he ' s gay but then where is she philippines or something mm malaysia i don ' t know if that ' s different is it? mm it ' s a different country
556. door oh my life yeah they sa people said that i should the police and put it on record because you know mm but er i said no she ' s just erm she ' s a fish wife yeah and she ' s horrible yeah and erm so anyway but anyway they went eventually so good riddance hello hiya alright it might be best if can we switch it off for a minute? is
575. do you think you ' d be able to afford this house? as a fireman no probably not i w i wa i want to right okay i dunno depends what start with an apartment the wife earns like pardon? depends how much the wife earns nobody ' s gonna marry you you are way too irritating so do you do you think erm? do you think? or like do you
576. this house? as a fireman no probably not i w i wa i want to right okay i dunno depends what start with an apartment the wife earns like pardon? depends how much the wife earns nobody ' s gonna marry you you are way too irritating so do you do you think erm? do you think? or like do you think you could afford ' s house? how much
586. ##critical of it you know it it it didn ' t feel as they felt that the the insistence on darkness was suspicious yeah who who carried it out? erm there were just a husband and wife medium team and they they they me they did the scole experiment? no i mean they had lots of other people er scientists and erm parapsychologist and others who were coming to to me
587. remember? oh you no i don ' t must have not been me well i interviewed her i remember there was someone that came and took a bench some some sweetheart no no that was was that ' wife that was ' wife that would know hey big treat do you want a chocolate pop from france? er maybe er it doesn ' t have but it goes to the posh workshop yeah he ' s sort
588. no i don ' t must have not been me well i interviewed her i remember there was someone that came and took a bench some some sweetheart no no that was was that ' wife that was ' wife that would know hey big treat do you want a chocolate pop from france? er maybe er it doesn ' t have but it goes to the posh workshop yeah he ' s sort of he ' s
592. children and therefore knew his wife i was really quite and quite offended by the whole thing but i couldn ' t say anything and how did you know it was his mistress then cos you knew his wife? cos he introduced me er this is my girlfriend oh g and she ' s twenty - three see there ' s an example for you mm about and it was and the most important thing about her
602. no what i was gonna say is i watch loads of erm you know i love all these detective dramas and stuff mm and it drives me insane because one of them i watch is called the good wife it ' s basically lawyers mm and erm so each team of lawyers the defence and the prosecution always have scientific evidence and it always has completely opposite er findings oh so one that one of them will get
607. oh no yeah it was oh my lord er quite extraordinary and horrifying oh my word and there was this stand you could see everything because it showed franz ferdinand and hhis his would - be wife sophie hohenberg erm and all the other dignitaries er there to launch this ship and all that kind of thing and there were these poor people being drowned at their feet oh my word oh horri
612. point well i ' m glad to hear that i at this age i wouldn ' t have thought you ' d you should be wanting more some eighteen year olds yeah you ' d be like a dream wife oh would i? oh you can ' t spend a pound on that bread then again you get men that you might not cos he might want the fancy bread like and his flowers yeah is he still
621. but i thought onslow he was a policeman who was investigating her and ended up marrying her cos you have things like that on that happen mm don ' t they with police getting and and the wife never knows that all the time they ' ve been investigated and he ' s ended up marrying them and having a family with them and it ' s based on something like that i think it might be something
633. a man has left his wife and yeah set up with a partner not so long ago somebody who a man who lived with his partner for twenty years who and then yeah but had never actually divorced his wife and in fact he he became quite successful with his second wife and so she got all the money who was not the first wife got the entire estate yeah and that ' s the end of it yeah i
635. partner for twenty years who and then yeah but had never actually divorced his wife and in fact he he became quite successful with his second wife and so she got all the money who was not the first wife got the entire estate yeah and that ' s the end of it yeah i know no questions asked mm my friend at work who i used to work with my friend now er she was married years and years

Cluster 3
1. absolutely loves him and like really nur oh like really looks after him and like always speaks to him and was like when he was with his ex was like no you should break up oh and like his wife like kind of treats my brother as like another son like ah they almost he almost goes to them w more than like ask for advice ah like it ' s really nice yeah erm and he works in
2. had money he had watches he had loads of stuff and they didn ' t take anything they just and we were like oh what did they want? yeah we were like it could be like the ex wife or something and be like looking for like a ring or something or could ' ve been it ' s like is he like a spy? or is he like oh yeah no i was i was thinking that
10. start the meeting like oh look at her age of course she ' s warm well she said like oh welcome everybody you know happy new year and immediately said to mm how has your christmas been because his wife hasn ' t been very poorly and he said oh not very good blah blah blah blah blah and i said well i ' d just like to make an announcement i said er going forward please erm don
11. apart from like mr he ' s like completely normal actually yeah well he is i dunno cos i don ' t have him do you remember when he was he is a bit weir calling his wife? he was like i ' ll put on a nice lamb for you tonight ye yeah i ' ve got i ' ve got a nice lamb is that alright? a nice lamb in the fridge who else
12. slightly different haircut mm why wouldn ' t you reco n i guess cos it ' s like so unrealistic yeah it is really unrealistic cos they ' re like the wife recognised him thought he was yeah she was like you look just like my husband when i was seventeen when he was seventeen and he ' s like mm yeah and then he tried to kiss her i was like
14. but there ' s so many rules he ' s always memessing up oh man and breaking the jewish law did he find love? he was trying to find a he was trying to find a wife for his son but he ' s he ' s having to call cos he ' s been to prison the son? no the father what for? like tax evic something to do with money anyway
15. in them oh man that ' s really crazy for real erm but the other thing is that like is it ' s the husband ' s duty to satisfy all the sexual desires of the of the wife oh fucking hell so so like which is like sound tough man so they have to so at any like at any moment no matter what when they wanna have sex the woman wants to have sex they ' re
19. mummy mm now i want to just get google up come on you ' re quiet as a mouse what have you been up to? oh what you been up to? who? how ' s the wife? busy how are and? in good form we took them up a prezzie the other day actually which was a erm a ravilious erm whatchamacall what ' s a
21. i think maybe spoons might be better quite hot darling but it ' s designed for a dessert fork well cos it ' s er cream where have these been sourced? me you? from your wife made them and i made the mincemeat yes don ' t know why you bought shortcrust pastry but well i how ' s that can you buy that in a shop? it is always
26. right okay yeah nice yeah so you ' ll go over for that one i expect oh yeah but yeah now i ' m gonna i have these builders you know coming over that same time mm but my wife ' s gotta tell them that look this is occurring yeah so we ' re not going to get him to cancel it yeah miss miss both but he won ' t be there for the first week oh okay
28. i try to explore explore that with them mm mm because you know everybody wants to be liked everybody wants to have a a family everyone wants to go wants to go home yeah yeah yeah to a loving wife yeah you know? yeah it yeah you know? everyone wwe all want the same thing yeah that ' s right we wanna be loved so ii unconditionally if possible if someone chooses yeah if someone
31. i don ' t think brazil now he ' s asking his own culture mm? d ' you know what ' s what ' s going on? are we?? no? what is your? wife? my wife? ah i know you know that? my wife is ah ah? i don ' t yeah you work in my quarter? you come here? summer then? yeah i ' m gonna
34. ' re has gone completely he ' s been derailed slightly yeah but then he one of his lions mauled one of his em assistants? assistant people oh my god so and he was beating his wife really? i wasn ' t going to say that well yeah there was a reason for it though but we ' ll discuss it later has the topic gone completely off holidays yet or? lions and i went
35. i know one but i don ' t know how to tell it my mum tells it i can ' t remember it properly you know the one i ' m talking about yeah it ' s funny my wife is so there ' s two irishmen either side of like a riverbank ch having a chat and they go my wi one says to the other i can ' t remember what the first one says but
39. i don ' t like nigel farage no he ' s a bit of a anyway i don ' t know what ' s it ' s to be honest as soon as he came out of his wife i thought mm cos they ' d already said hadn ' t they oh i hadn ' t yeah i i was upstairs i didn ' t see that bit erm oh well the the the news lady
42. was even married and that i mean i er got the story that i know he lived in a bedsit well maybe he ' d moved out into that maybe he ' d moved out but the the wife he was with or the partner or whatever mm he ' d done the same to his previous so like you got say let ' s say oh and i dunno how long this goes but let ' s
47. loads of time up in scotland he said no no now that job ' s finished and i ' m back in the office more i ' m gonna get back on top of it again but would his wife not be interested in no i don ' t think so working for him? i don ' t think so can ' t he employ somebody? well he should have done obviously he should have done we have
59. the old welsh bibles mm yeah no nanny showed me mm the photos that she mm that she had that we had nice developed from her birthday party mm to show me which one it was and his wife? which one is sh is she the one with dark hair? no she ' s got blondy grey hair with she ' s got glasses quite an attractive lady? mm there ' s a photo of
61. turned terribly tearjerking and romantic at the end when he was out with his three daughters i was about to say on the pitch was the family brought onto the pitch? i that ' s his wife stayed in the stands oh very sensible ye but but his very sensible that ' s right young daughter and his two older ones were were with him all dressed if in identical outfits er it ' s it '
65. with them and h alalways have done so we know them they know us yeah so when it comes they ' re organising the gig yeah erm and what did they call her? and his wife i think they called her erm so okay phone call to they we we ' d done two or three with them so aaare you available? et cetera and er bish bash bosh you
66. this one musicals and mountains go together it ' s like a wild west sort of town and he comes down and he ' s brokeback mountain he ' s singing about how he wants to find a wife and she ' s gotta be just right and oh so not brokeback mountain then he looks at all the other women ' s in the t he ' s singing these songs and gotta not be this and
67. see yeah okay well what are you up to this weekend? erm we ' re going to see erm ' s grandfather in okay this is erm so the funeral i went to was his wife okay right your grandmother? er no my step - grandmother your step - grandmother erm but it it is erm i haven ' t actually been down since for various reasons we got snowed off one
68. guessing i d i don ' t actually know might maybe there is probably like a bylaw somewhere you know like those stupid ones like if you ' re a citizen of york you can still whip your wife within the confines of the city walls and all that oh is that a real one? and shoot her no no i ' m i ' m not sure i d i don ' t no you can you
69. no you can you have to take them down there ' s a stupid place call i think it ' s like whipma whoppagate in in some stupid name in york and you can take your wife there and beat her if you want to as a bylaw and there ' s also that like if you ' re i bor if you ' re born within the city walls of york you can like
71. ##m and i i just really like that because he talks through how he feels and you know he has actually thought about what he ' s doing he hasn ' t just sort of gone oh yeah my wife is a bitch and so i yeah just fucking left yeah do you know what i mean? he really talks about it and he will say that you know he still has an excellent relationship with his wife ex
78. and stuff and she ' d be and and cleaning up all the time you know so must run in our sort of family yeah yeah mm well that that that ' s surprising even ' s friend his wife go at it as well yeah yeah she she she used to be on the way to getting bad but he caught her or he forced her to get it seen to before that went too far you know?
79. he said? yeah didn ' t he? he said you won ' t walk again he discharged himself out of hospital the same day same day yeah really? you and then he that was that his wife wasn ' t it? yeah bloody fool she says he come home hard as nails that bloke god yeah he was only short wasn ' t he? yeah course but he he was big he was
97. her to her family like she knew some english and stuff and then he went back to and like two years later he had to come back for like a funeral or something and he came back and his wife he said that it was a different woman and he just pretended that it was the same woman and this one didn ' t speak and english and looked different the other one did speak english and he just thought
98. same woman and this one didn ' t speak and english and looked different the other one did speak english and he just thought no one would nonotice so he probably was like obviously never really his wife at all just like his my housemates dad just moved to and got a wife he used to be a mercenary i didn ' t really understand like the full extent is this that girl? no this is you
100. like his how do you how do you find them? no but it ' s like i ' ve known him for years but i was never really like friends with him it ' s like ' s wife he ' s like her old school friend and he was always one of those like cos he used to work at he had like really good jobs he always struck me as a pothead yeah he '
101. ? with sticky tape yeah and i woke up just before i got up and i thought oh it ' s gone yeah i felt around and i couldn ' t find it yeah and when i saw the wife cos she always er gets up very early she said you lost your eye patch in the night i said yeah i know i did she said i saw something glinting on my arm and it was stuck
102. stuff around in so yeah a bad day of steaming is better than a good day at work right and on the back of it that got me it said what is it? nothing beats a good a wife and a steam engine or vice versa or something like something like that don ' t remember exactly yeah erm can you describe what they ' re doing behind us? cos that ' ll be quite interesting
103. job anyway man who er who was that girl? that girl? mm? who was the woman in that photograph? that ' s that runs have you never met her? no erm ' s wife they ran er run it together yeah see cos i was er when erm was like sso that ' s this person was trying to get my number off of her that ' s how she was
104. world and erm i ' ve stayed in lots of hotels and now we we only ever stay in five - star hotels we know we know what a good quality hotel should have and erm the wife was saying and my eye for detail is is wonderful i have a good eye for detail i don ' t let things go past me so i think they ' re gonna be a bit of an issue so
105. about it so i sent an email saying it was i ' d bought it in the village where mr had taken he ' s the head man he ' d taken us around and introduced us to his wife and then we did this that and the other and then we ended up in this little market place and the woman there said it was made from redwood and they ' d polish it and they get the colours
110. they still work very hard and then he got very cross cos one of his daughters thought that he they worked the mothers too hard like oh right and so i think one of the daughters took his wife off to canada for about three months so oh right he didn ' t like that at all no i can imagine but er yes but they do work very hard on farms oh yes they there ' s an
112. i said at one point to at least knows at least like he chose and said no that ' s not the way it went she left him he had an affair with and did not choose but the wife found out and left him oh and then he just stayed with so the wife moved all four kids back to england it ' s just like but the poi i think sort of got into the story but
113. said no that ' s not the way it went she left him he had an affair with and did not choose but the wife found out and left him oh and then he just stayed with so the wife moved all four kids back to england it ' s just like but the poi i think sort of got into the story but the point was that with even though she ' s a really nice person i
114. so messed up yeah after he gets attacked there ' s a lot of hallucinating and a lot of kind of like dreams and visions and stuff back to cos his cos his native american wife like erm at the start you realise that she ' s not around anymore like something happens to her oh like so there ' s he ' s always kinda dreaming of her and she ' s always just
116. this one particularly though i don ' t know why mm mm how was your uncle? fine he ' s actually fine yeah he ' s fine when he ' s not around her what? his er wife? or? mm he ' s gonna go back to her though which is a shame god he ' s like hhe ' s actually in a domestic abuse relationship really? mm to be fair i think
120. this girl i went on a girl i went with on a date is from hong kong well her family ' s from hong kong what are you doing? money money rich rich go on marry a rich wife saying that i ' d quite happy to live in a gynocracy what ' s one of them? apparently it ' s a female dominated country oh in my eh book at the moment um
125. ? near stevenage the chilterns yeah is that ' s kids her daughter and her husband well she ' s interesting cos her dad was the last blacksmith in you know that who ' s wife right no she must be the sister to the auntie to the woman who runs the pub cos she ' s related to mister oh yeah yeah you know the house with the horse shoe? yes she
127. gonna be even more knackering than working and then coming home and looking after a baby you ' ll see people on skype just as much as you see us er i was saying ' s wife it ' s the first time i ' ve met her but she was talking to me as if i knew her and i really didn ' t like that i like i always say how are you? like
135. him? only when he was a baby oh he ' s lovely i could ' ve brought him home ah i was and i were quite upset actually weren ' t we? really cos of his wife and he ' s lovely i could they were still i could ' ve kept him we ' ve not seen him since we went down to since was alright wasn ' t she when she showed up? had
137. lot when they sold it and she got half of that erm she ' d had all her money from her dad erm her dad ' s her dad married four times and the w the final wife only died recently so they got another inheritance cos a lot of it was in trust for her when the final went oh right so her and him he got some more money and that only happened s oh
143. ##ensil or kitchen utensil for something or other and mum said he she was in her face like this cr and at that point stepped in and said don ' t you dare talk to my wife like that back off you know and and they had a big row and then sh and then she went upstairs crying and they didn ' t see her for a day this is what over a dishcloth?
149. s i think he ' d be happier doing that than he would no he would yeah cos there ' s less hassle really? yeah yeah he didn ' t want the hassle really his wife certainly doesn ' t no mm what? well why ' s he doing it then if he doesn ' t want the hassle? i mean it ' s absolutely superb well i thi they will move
150. re living in the house next up what the modern one? no an old farmhouse that ' ll be oh but where where are they at the moment? that that very modern building mm yeah but the wife doesn ' t like it very much? oh at the moment no they ' re they ' ve got it up at oh right erm if you go to erm go to from here take the first
152. they yeah you know you may not want to when you ' re at ththirty thirty and a bit want to fiddle it to say you ' re still a young adult what ' s your wife gonna think? mm i dunno yeah oh well it ' s interesting but there ' s er it ' s there ' s an awful lot to it there ' s but you get you oyou only
154. she got out the car and walked over and started piping her eye a bit cos she hadn ' t seen us and gave her a cuddle yeah she bought our nep nephew ' s wife yeah nephew ' s wife yeah who we ' d never se i can ' t remember seeing her she ' s never seen her before seen us once before and her dau her daughter or is it son
156. s cost so much i don ' t know now it could have been worse if he ' d have hurt somebody yeah or himself he could ' ve banged somebody else ' s car yes or if his wife had been driving yeah so it ' s a good job it was him that was driving yes i think are the automatics a bit more different and difficult to drive well if you ' ve been driving a
159. have as a baby because he had cancer before so that ' s all the sperm he had left oh no so his scheming wi cause his wife wanted to get pregnant because the father and the wife are like having issues it ' s like very very dramatic like it ' s basically like a mexican soap like i think it ' s from the same people who did ugly betty oh jesus wait is this a
162. he was looking for a big druggie man yeah who the father ' s best friend is connected to so that ' s why he took a photograph oh and that ' s how he knew that the wife and the best friend man were having an affair oh cos he ' s a druggie man oh no yeah and there ' s loads of murders there ' s been like at least two murders now oh
166. thomas hardy erm and browning ' s poetry browning was amazing it was all about murdering people oh lovely i do love that it was great but hardy mate get a grip what he ' s up his wife after he ignored his wife for so many years then when she dies like i miss you i miss you oh so business that ' s what happens that ' s his fault that ' s boring the second year
168. so you it can penetrate er past the you know where the nor where the other super duper telescope can see this one can see even further wasn ' t that the name of ray moore ' s wife big big alma? ray moore the radio yeah yes and there was an alma on coronation street as well he had a yeah no but i in f er you you know the entire programme used to call him
190. ' t it? that probably yeah i suppose yeah if you give the message particularly to young boys yeah that violence is a good way to solve problems then yeah they might go home and beat up their wife when they ' re older so yeah yeah i think from i think from a psychological point of view it can do a lot of damage damage yeah that they c they think that ' s acceptable behaviour and the
197. me on sunday? no she had to address a letter to who used to be the lord lieutenant of devon and who is now being knighted as sir so and so and how did she address his his wife? who is called i said i ' m the last person in the world to know you just have to google it surely? she doesn ' t have internet no that ' s and i wasn ' t
199. got to holidays and i said something about you know we ' ve just done a round trip of scotland with my sister so scotland came into the conversation and then erm montrose came in and mm the wife said oh i ' ve got a relative who who lives is er is might be f she said her family came from that area that was it actually and erm er the it turned out that er and
200. get much though well nobody objected no they just well did it automatically yeah thought he has it was fine put his hand out and mm but i should imagine the first woman in the queue like was his wife she and everybody follows then don ' t they? ye she goes through and comes out like but she has to give him the square back absolutely yes yes it hadn ' t been used you know yes the
201. so i had mum ' s on and they saw it and they were a bit worried about me weren ' t they? yeah till i explained it this is not my dressing gown it ' s the wife ' s i ' ve borrowed it was better than the a likely tale well that ' s what they all say that don ' t they were a bit worried about you yeah we ' ve heard that before
204. conversations yeah everything ' s going on and yeah everything together yeah oh can i come out with your friends? my friends go on get your own friends yeah i know i don ' t particularly like my wife ' s friends no oh yeah that ' s it yeah yeah you gotta sit there and er er couple of them are very nice but the things they talk about i ' m not yeah you ' re not
205. he went up the wall he went absolutely larey and i just looked at him and said ooh road rage god what in that voice? yes oh dear hmm hmm and he went spare and his wife had to hold him down oh and me and carried on walking right? so that was the end what are you teaching? that was the end of that mm yeah so i s i had to pick up
211. have to tell erm you know where he gets his money from well he doesn ' t get loads of money like some people get all kinds don ' t they? he just gets like the basic wife sick pay and he said you have to tell them and they stop your money and you start all over again well mum and dad are no good at paperwork and no yeah applying for this and applying for that
213. sinita i wonder what outfit she comes out in oh my god simon ' s gotta have sinita he ' s just got to i wonder what outfit she ' s gonna come in is that his wife? no no has someone married simon cowell? yeah he ' s got engaged yeah he ' s got a kid and everything he needs a new westlife doesn ' t he? i ' m not
218. and that that ' ll mm or feel that they ought to sort you out yeah you know that ' s the the sort of big thing and yeah see did exactly the same with his erm first wife but erm did as well it ' s cos they ' re erm erm it ' s cos they ' re good me they ' re all good men in that way ' s a
226. years i know but he ' s just become completely hypocritical can ' t imagine how your mum would have because reacted granny let him your mum would want you stay i know with his wife well obviously her daughter but with the children it ' s more like he ' s this is sounds awful but it ' s more as if he ' s the imposter yeah you ' ve got the
229. whisky no says thought about it and said he didn ' t know and then he said he actually likes cider that ' s funny so he might be coming to the wedding oh cool yeah and his wife oh it ' s exciting i made write down not only all of my ielts dates but also the wedding and ' s hen do in his phone for next year so he doesn ' t oh right he
230. s doing you know he ' s doing his oh his murals for the dementia friendly murals yeah i forwarded it on to and pops yeah so they could both have a look at the how is his wife doing do you know? apparently she ' s not doing o er she ' s doing okay at the moment oh good erm cos we i had to text from him a couple of days ago because
235. ##ave the jack is the knave isn ' t it? yeah that ' s right yeah yeah and then the knave is in trouble right and then the king is just tries to calm down his wife and tells them to s not behead the people the queen says to behead basically yeah cos she ' s so having a hissy fit so yeah yeah there ' s a lot of that going
238. them and they lived next door right next door there and erm said i ' m i ' m not sure when they moved but they as you say one ' s gone to well i think the wife and knows them really well what? who does he know? the s the s mm he doesn ' t know them that well his company used to do advertising but his brother in law used to do it
239. supper at mm years ago yes i mean he was very unassuming mm we were at as well weren ' t we? yeah it was you me was it you and me? yeah but the wife didn ' t want to move in to that modern stately home place that he built no no no well yes the modern one yes the modern stately home place i thought it was a bit his children
244. bought a drink bought some fags where ' s my lighter? well mm and i really wanted a fag i ' m gonna have one now you would ' ve only got in trouble off the wife anyway i wouldn ' t have cared told her i ' ve been down the pub all afternoon lies er lie to her and rile her up even more obviously the best choice well she didn ' t get
249. we ' re we ' re a couple do we look like a couple? that ' s alright perhaps we do yes you do and and she said well well it ' s alright i can use your wife ' s you know and there ' s ' s just put through a whole load of stuff i ' ve got almost identical load of stuff in my barrow how can they possibly think yeah they must think they
250. had to start two of them twice cos we sort of fell apart before we got to bar four erm we didn ' t our conductor wasn ' t well so he wasn ' t there his wife was there and and so she and then we came erm but it was lovely you know and they all really appreciated it oh that ' s good and i i enjoyed it and that ' s that '
258. be able to ignore it because you know he ' s part of the you know he ' s part of it even if he did you know denounces it i mean you know it through his wife he is you know saved lucky anyway oh is that the time? i need to go actually yeah yeah yeah because i erm i have a i have to get up early yeah yeah i have a research
265. think they ' d have learnt by now not to underestimate him no cos he ' s not like a fam he ' s not famous is he? even the eh president ' s wife he le she gets stabbed and he ' s like no i ' m getting the guy oh yeah she got stabbed and he just le just leaves her he just leaves her in the room he just leaves his
266. le she gets stabbed and he ' s like no i ' m getting the guy oh yeah she got stabbed and he just le just leaves her he just leaves her in the room he just leaves his wife? no the president ' s wife yeah he ' s a dick the president ' s ex - wife ex - wife she ' s a she ' s a fool she ' s a bitch oh that '
270. how many hours is that? i think there ' s eight series there ' s eight? oh my god eight series? yeah yeah and a movie like a full length movie he gets off with his wife what the fuck? how have i never seen this? he ' s coming after in that like proper juggernaut style and then it ' s like jack jack bauer what series is this? yeah but
272. time it ' s almost as bad just to say that you know to say that you can ' t get advice from anyone over forty mm so she was telling me this with standing beside her ' s wife and so a young person said well if you offer advice it ' s like you ' re criticising the the person and the baby if you say you should do it that way it means that what they
278. shitting all over my all over my floor get these bloody sheep out of here and you know it he used to tell some very funny stories but yeah ooccasionally he he recognised his wife for who she was but a lot of the time he thought she was his first wife mm you know? which was i i found very sad yeah it is sad it ma it makes sense that people '
279. you know it he used to tell some very funny stories but yeah ooccasionally he he recognised his wife for who she was but a lot of the time he thought she was his first wife mm you know? which was i i found very sad yeah it is sad it ma it makes sense that people ' s personalities will change or might change obviously they don ' t always have to but considering
280. m actually proud of the men who f who fought in the war me too oh look now i ' m exactly i know exactly what i ' m doing there because they left their children they left their wife oh and well they were children themselves some of them weren ' t they? and they really and they did it because they knew they had to fight against their country and because they mm fight for their country
282. and his father - in - law but they haven ' t moved in at the time they were just moving in erm but i ' ve not seen them again and i ' ve never met the wife okay oh right and then they ' ve put up two buy to let or to let signs as someone ' s done buy to let one two doors down from me and one opposite right there ' s no
305. it ' s very em testosterone filled em but the have a quite small pool but the best thing about is the fact they have so many classes on mm and then like really good classes like ' s wife goes to she like lives at basically she like goes to saturday classes wednesday classes this yoga class you know evening classes aqua aerobics she just hangs out there all the time no wonder she looks like she
306. is the thing now with mobile phones isn ' t it? what did you do twenty years ago? eh? what did you do twenty years ago if you hadn ' t if you had a your wife gets somebody to come past yeah yeah? well there was that in australia or in a cave in australia and he couldn ' t get signal but suddenly he could get a text and the only people he text
309. gets home cos they heard it on the news there was something wrong with it they ' ve not had it on or they ' ve t pumped loads of chlorine into the water well his wife phoned in the car a few times and er apparently there ' s er er a website erm er no on on facebook apparently there ' s a a warning that er certain the three postcodes mm
310. there? so so he doe it ' s probably his him so er what was he going to lidl for? water? water oh mm right okay so he didn ' t know anything well your wife was on the phone because she n she needs you to find that broken knife yes well go on then where were we? or not er i think the following wednesday there is a oh it ' s a
311. mum ' s really busy she hasn ' t got really time to do everything the house is a mess uhu and they never get to spend time together uhu so the father without speaking to his wife like goes out oh and buys this robot oh and the kids are really excited the little kid ' s really excited and of course the robot comes home and does everything brilliantly mm like everything ' s clean
312. and of course the robot comes home and does everything brilliantly mm like everything ' s clean she works out how they like their coffee and she remembers it okay and just everything ' s perfect and the wife reacts really badly of course cos she feels yeah that ' s fair enough yeah she doesn ' t have like a purpose okay in the house and she objects to it and then the teenage daughter ' s
314. to relate to each other oh cos they ' re segregated you mean just with social situations and yeah yeah so then the first time they have a like a non - family member it ' s their wife if they ' ve never spent time with yeah so then it ' s gonna be awkward isn ' t it? yes it is very strange yeah for both sides yeah yeah especially in the uae where it '
316. fees there? you know they is that i don ' t know about other private schools really er there ' s erm one i think another one that the er the the head guy in universities his wife worked in it ' s called the international school and i think their prices were er quite high as well so so five thousand is a erm maybe maybe even more expensive is it five is it how much
317. mean there ' s jet planes jet planes oh right i think you invite trouble something about the s there you go there ' s always an incident not it ' s usually i ' m better when my wife ' s there actually it doesn ' t tend to happen quite so much when she is there ah right yeah do you moderate the amount of alcohol? well no well we we didn ' t have any in
319. when we went to the skate oh to the scout meal the scout meal was it any good? was it alright? yeah it was okay actually oh good i was i was sitting next to ' s wife? there was that side yeah yeah and then opposite there was do you remember? and? she did some toddlers for a little while oh i might know her by sight i can ' t yeah i
320. main actress? now y now y now you ' ve you ' ve got erm wh i can ' t remember her name i can ' t remember her name erm er and and the wife had a much more prominent role oh did she? as as well thathat ' s the thing she was actually she was really big right er i think that ' s the thing that ' s the thing
323. t the transcripts of the divorce placement thing and my great grandfather had a compensation which erm aha and the judge awarded him compensation because he ' d lost his wife this man had stolen his wife and erm and so and it took them many years to be able to afford to pay it back but they did actually pay back this sum of money in the end right which was erm gosh
325. er am their ambition to buy a house in and er because he was an architect i suppose mm he was quite well - paid and they bought this huge place and she ' s t you know the wife ' s still i dunno well i assume she still lives there mm i haven ' t heard that she ' s moved yeah so yeah so er is the younger guy that ' s taken over jack '
327. quid where at? for the ones with the clippers on ah nifty that was really creepy i was listening to the frank skinner show today oh god and he was saying erm his wife went to a party as the a halloween party as the grim reaper but she left the scythe at home so she was wearing a black cape yeah black hood like it just didn ' t take didn '
330. and they were erm hi erm cos his brother was king mm and had died but i think that erm he was er i don ' t know if he did it i think his wife probably did it erm rather than him but i could see his dilemma was that erm his older brother who ' d become king didn ' t look anything like richard richard ' s got erm is
331. s not park somewhere else i ' m just going to block the road you know or at least if you ' re going to get on yeah exactly no he was er and presumably there was he his wife was standing behind so she ' d obviously stopped and got out well but she obviously had had to get out yeah exactly take your time over the process mm so what do you reckon with regard to other folks
333. right cos that would be another programme in itself mm but that was on last night and love we watch gogglebox i seen in where that posh bloke was on it and his wife yeah they ' re my these are weird they ' re my favourite yeah are they? they ' re so funny what dom and i don ' t know but like they ' re like alcoholics like she
337. you liked what you saw today yeah yeah and that ' s sort of the life that you you ' d like to live in this sort of area mm mm come and come back next week with your wife location location location yeah it ' s what it ' s all about yeah and er how interesting and so that ' s what we did and that ' s yeah how i came to be in a nice piece
340. we lived in well i spent three years there mm i was at a teacher ' s training college in mm and that was all male until the last year until your wife came along when i met my wife mm and my you know but that ' s another story and you met her at college? that ' s another story i met her at college yeah but how funny it didn ' t quite work out but
341. he can still go anyway er this last week ' s one their biggest one was family er were buying brands okay basically just buying brands cos they think it ' s better yeah erm and the wife she ' s got four kids so she ' s buys things she says she not the biggest cooker yeah and she and even that she ' ll buy okay and stuff like that yeah cos she can
354. ? on the wireless oh yes well it was there was they were talking about different things and this man said erm you know they were on about you know replies mm he said i said to my wife how can you make so many mistakes in one day? mm so she said to you ' re up early yes and go to bed late yeah yeah mm yeah sounded like it was quite funny mm mm first
357. way oh god that ' s crazy ah no it ' s not me fuck you don ' t you don ' t tag yourself on his photo you should tag yourself in one of the pictures of his wife ah so weird the first time we any of us met him like all of his really good friends from school was at their wedding yeah wow yeah i can ' t believe he ' s dressed like a fucking
359. this funny conversation and came in and she was like she was like guys she ' s like i ' ve gotta tell you she ' s like having sex in the morning is so great is this his wife? this is his wife and and i were like mm cool yeah she was like oh my god she was like it ' s the best we were like yeah yeah you ' re like a seventeen - year
360. in and she was like she was like guys she ' s like i ' ve gotta tell you she ' s like having sex in the morning is so great is this his wife? this is his wife and and i were like mm cool yeah she was like oh my god she was like it ' s the best we were like yeah yeah you ' re like a seventeen - year - old i was like
361. to try and remember what it was now what was it? i have to word it right does he do anything with the rabbit or he ' s just standing no he ' s just standing there his wife ' s giving a obama ' s bunny talking at the microphone erm erm what was it? what the rabbit is in the mi got the microphone? no no he ' s just standing there next
362. what ' s amazing about it is that they ' re just literally drinking all day and smoking which must have been what it was like but i also ca or more or less can ' t stand the wife no she ' s ha awful but that ' s the point isn ' t it? sh i mean i know that ' s the point but i like literally i don ' t want to watch it because
365. suggestions of other bits of the plot would be useful erm i w it could be that the man erm i mean the owner of the sweet shop uhu tries to like get rid of his wife well not kill her but like erm mm he might do maybe just mm get erm i don ' t know erm i think stop using your hands erm yes? mayb gets your hands
366. and goes he says well i know my eyesight ' s failing but i i thought he it was his mother ah because she is like this little dumpy mother type of old lady figure well his wife isn ' t he blind? is par is he going blind? he ' s going he ' s he had a did he have a stroke and it damaged his eyesight? so he ' s not
371. he didn ' t wanna be there well i but i bet they paid a small fortune they were alright to pay for their own flights and stuff i think? yeah and i think i think ' s wife i wouldn ' t go yeah the where was the wedding? france france oh alright yeah of course makes sense now? yeah yeah so er but she didn ' t go and she ' d fallen out with
375. me and can invite people for a party erm if you want to have er well no wait got all this alcohol now we ' ve gotta drink it i ' m going to say to and his wife i ' m not really having a party but it ' d be if you er like? gay? yeah what? he ' s not gay he ' s got a wife and er she ' s up
378. but yeah oh they ' ve got another chef there as well so ah yeah yeah and how ' s the pub up there? i mean not the i ' m thinking of the other one where the wife left i think it ' s good it ' s always full when i go past yeah oh well that ' s good so yeah i think it ' s yeah doing well did you see down the left some
381. isn ' t it? they ' re gonna have a load of diamonds from liberia or fucking somewhere mm mm there ' s nothing on here oh god n this is probably some oligarch ' s wife right what? she ' s like oh let ' s do some jewellery not bad design it ' s not bad actually but erm oh my gosh look at that well why would you know go to
384. yeah oh he could tell a story and then but as they were going off they said well we ' re just go just off now we ' re gonna have a walk dear he says to his his wife n they said well we ' ll probably end up in the pub down there ' s two pubs in the village you see probably end up in a pub i mean that ' s fine that she said to
395. later make an emoji and jailbreak my iphone a great night you could do anything to it then afterwards can ' t wait rum and chocolate carrots maybe i ' ll go and get a wife in america just need to do a posher voice you need to do a posher voice? i don ' t even think it ' s i don ' t really think it ' s that either though
397. honestly i genuinely probably have to talk about him like three times a day i work yeah yeah graft i really work kanye is oh fuck talk about his wife? i didn ' t talk about his wife although i did walk into one walked into his dressing room at one point and he he was like you know i did you see that thing? and he just you know it was just full of ass he
399. ' s just a really easy book to read oh what? sounds interesting you might like this it ' s erm a love story involving over a half a century between doctor and his uncle ' s wife taking its title from one of the most famous books in japanese literature written by the great poet basho flanagan ' s novel has as as its heart one of the most infamous ep infamous episodes of japanese history
400. about it as an overall thing yeah you need more about like the layout of it and yeah like where the all the different bottles were from like what kind of bottle this was and yeah and like his wife ' s high - heeled shoes or something and her boots boots stuck in the wall that he ' d like set in the wall yeah yeah yeah i think there ' s something about being inside like s
401. and more that i uhu expected it to be yeah and there weren ' t too many people there no sor and it was free no and after and we heard the er caretaker yelling at his wife which i he did thought thought was a strange juxtaposition to the message of peace and love yeah and slab city nearby but it ' s like you know what? if had to live in this
402. really blew their minds when she made carrot cake cake made of carrots? everyone in the office was going oh i ' ll have yeah with carrot? then we had another guy who brought in his wife ' s pl placenta oh it was like oh you know our custom everyone has to bit has to have a bit of their placenta i think it ' s a sh sign of a real bond between
403. it was like oh you know our custom everyone has to bit has to have a bit of their placenta i think it ' s a sh sign of a real bond between two people to share their wife ' s placenta yeah i ' ve heard of that before that ' s just too weird yeah we did ask in the hospital here but erm they said we ' d have to freeze it from to
409. your mucky erm it says erm sort of it says shush shush you ' re wearing your mucky pyjamas drinking beer eating pizza mm that ' s not ignoring your wife that and she is in the kitchen cross that ' s not me no that that ' s it would probably be the other way round anyway too gave a beard not relevant but it maybe that is relevant though
410. a good friend of they worked together in the erm newspaper industry they were you know reporting and stuff mm was more of a photophotographer and and was a writer mm and his ' s wife ' s called or is it or? no it ' s that ' s it not mm and well it was that was taking to the toilet you know this is real personal stuff and not his daughter and
417. well i don ' t no you know w w er look my car my car but the car ' s got to go yeah for a week to have a yeah job done can i borrow your your wife ' s car? yeah you know so yeah oh it wouldn ' t bloody happen yeah no no one would lend you no here lend you a car yeah len yeah i mean lent me yeah his he had
418. yeah we ' re on a big hill mm that ' s good oh mm if that floods matey ' ll be ordering an ark which yes you ' ll be able to take take noah and his wife there yeah yeah you ' ll have to get in your yeah honestly for will that be alright? hopefully yeah but i mean er you know i mean it does it ' s unbelievable though isn ' t it
420. one on the way ah right yeah cos is having one oh right yeah so so i ' ll be great aunt you will to that one yeah do they know what they ' re having and his wife? i need to email them yeah to see do they know what sex the new yeah human is going to be mm ah everybody ' s having them aren ' t the uhu who are the others?
423. up yeah and u her dressing gown and slippers are still in the bloody bedroom that ' s weird that i wouldn ' t like that it ' s odd talk about every day i know your dead wife ' s but and and her s her sister she ' s still got her husband ' s clothes in the wardrobe he ' s been dead nearly as long as it ' s just the it ' s just
426. ##m maybe longer than that he got beaten up in a pub erm why do people beat peo? it was like in a fight and oh i think it was over someone tried to hit his wife? i don ' t i don ' t know what happened oh for god ' s sake erm there was like a fight yeah and he got really bad tbi and what ' s tbi?
428. mood charts and it was very much he was very angry at everyone oh especially because we was bung the suction tube down his throat yeah but erm does his wife come in and? the wife ' s really on the ball but we ' ve got to put we were trying to get him to self suction and he got that and everything and then he like when he was self suctioning
430. and coffee at the meetings and things like that but nobody wants to sign up for the committee erm and he had been i say he cos because there ' s one bloke called whose wife does stuff as well erm and everybody else is female erm and he is the leader and until this year he was the treasurer as well now somebody has stepped up to be treasurer erm so i
435. it ' s less than a chap came into when i was doing the f the food bank thing and he said no i don ' t want to have one of those but have you seen my wife she ' s supposed to meet me here? i can ' t find her anywhere oh know i said can ' t you phone her and he says no i can ' t so yeah it is annoying isn
443. i ' ve got er ever had patience with four bloody cats anyway there ' s those pictures of er er this is er what ' s his name and his missus i suppose is that ' s wife? oh yeah she looks a bit old there oh look yeah the girls that ' s quite recent yeah she must have printed that off herself yeah and and these of the that was from those oh yeah this
444. and lots of people who came in and he he always married them mm and erm it was just the way he felt about it well i ' m sure he ' s right because in fact first wife left him right so and okay they probably he was at fault to some extent but how on earth can clergy gauge whose fault it was? exactly no exactly you can ' t no and it it ' s
445. ' d gone and his mate decided i ' ve had enough of this little baby slope and they ' re going to go on this it ' s the gi the girlfriend of or it ' s his wife now but of the other guy sshe said oh yeah i ' ll have a go and i ' m like don ' t be stupid i ' m staying here i ' m just getting the hang of
447. really ask you that? er well she sort of said what do you no not that quite like that but you know she sort of said why do you think that is? and did she know your wife was korean? i can ' t remember if i suppose she might or maybe or i think it was korea or japan de educationally developmentally probably has more in common with uk than south korea does i
448. just not all sort of watching each other and oh look he holds his fork like this or down to everything is down to earth exactly yeah get stuck in and they don ' t care about but your wife doesn ' t see it as down to earth? um she well she ' s kind of like i i think s it ' s embarrassed by it? i don ' t know she i think she '
449. ##ic? well perhaps so cos i was thinking about italian this morning cos i was er easter monday we visited this italian chap that we know and and i was listening to to gave his wife a er er a jacket and she said to her husband oh and i thought oh that ' s really you know we like this and i thought that ' s really odd isn ' t it because that such
450. diabetes well she did though when i went up there she said she is it? yeah yeah she said er yeah and what do you eat? i said well i i like my cake mm mm my wife cook lovely cakes mm lemon drizzle cake and mm gooey toffee c toffee cake? sticky toffee pudding sticky toffee pudding lovely one of our favourites isn ' t
456. but no it wasn ' t even like that it was just like he didn ' t like he made himself understood and i could tell at that point he was scottish but then he turned back to his wife and they started talking again and it was crazy like i ' ve never come across an accent i mean effectively it wasn ' t ev it ' s a dialect at that point it ' s not an accent
472. he he i think he just thought okay but then that was a massive problem that he hadn ' t asked as well for? yeah mm and so then i think she just said something to ' s wife right just say it to i don ' t know but anyway she had to say something to her and erm but that ' s the story that ' s been told and i ' m thinking well why
473. i think i think there ' s much more to it than that erm i i don ' t know what you know what she ' s done but it ' s funny cos obviously knows the wife and met her years ago yeah yeah yeah you should erm you should take around or you ' d probably get on with her if she was out of the situation yeah definitely yeah of of all of the
474. know where he lives? because if ever you were passing that way say i don ' t know where he lives oh give give your uncle a call and see if we can call in cos his wife you know your auntie hasn ' t met his like birmingham to be honest so we ne we ' d never pass there but erm never be there but there ' d be no reason not to and
476. for that length of time it ' s only been three or four days at the most so but they ' ll cope it won ' t be a problem well that ' s right we got or his wife ' s parents came in while we were away yeah sorry yeah they kitten sat j from the upholsterers? yes well it was ' s parents oh they came and lived here? yeah mm hm
477. a junior group of teenagers and you know early twenties mm hm uh this would have been in nineteen fifty - five fifty - six so you were or thereabouts so you recruited a group and a wife to boot no no oh no we didn ' t go out together it didn ' t start we didn ' t start going out together until the no uh nineteen sixty - one sixty - two oh really?
478. ##s she ' s got a little girl yeah yes of course five lola and um sop um came over to england about ten or twelve years ago mm hm and she met that ' s ' s wife that is now mm hm um and also i want i wanted um r to be on the photograph as well hmm and now my my nephew well you ' ll just have to go through them my nephew nephew
480. there the aw yeah whether i like it i uh em the uh the park resorts stuff the ceo left and he was employed and that finished which is fine mhm em and i sat down with the wife one day and i ' d been a member of david lloyd for about ten years oh yeah? and and she simply said well you spend all of your non working life at david lloyd ' s why don
481. never work again the rest of your life and i absolutely concur with that concur on that totally there you go you absolutely took me to the letter on that em do you credit your wife with the idea or did you? i will i did due just then so it ' s true i must du i must do that naturally all the time so that ' s a very good example of thinking
488. ' s funny cos he w his wife works at ucl she supervises a lot of phds and she was saying to me she was encouraging me saying who ' s that? ' s wife oh yeah she was saying one of the the biggest things nice coffee most important things a supervisor does is encourage their supervisee you know? encouragement is pretty much all you can do mm now well fucking didn
493. the police and the police said well nothing we can do about it we won ' t be gegetting to you for at least an hour mm alright? and when he put the phone down his wife phoned em up and said my my s my husband ' s just got his gun out and he ' s gonna go and shoot them they were there with a helicopter and squad cars and everything in less
495. know what were the yeah what were his other catch? i don ' t remember any more i think that was it and who came up with that one? ooh betty well it ' s his wife ' s name no i i know but it ' s not it ' s it ' s not very erm diverse is it? well you can use it in lots of different ways in different scenarios and
514. went to see them did he? yeah said why you put the gate through and he he went up the wall didn ' t he? he went up the wall he went down the the farmer my wife for don ' t speak with my wife speak with me you know and they had to go to the farmer if i was this farmer i ' d of just put a barbed wire barrier up where the gate
516. series but i think they ' ve all been a very similar quality i think it even improves with age because the relationships develop yeah i think they i think has got more interesting yeah i found myself liking wife for example yeah yeah i think em there ' s eh picture on the back of the last series makes you think oh cos does doesn ' t he die at the end of the seventh series or apparently
518. but pakistan would be well yeah and the bloke was lucky he was obviously yeah he ' s so he ' s been working out of a tech company and she was doing something or other the wife and then also made chocolates mm and the boy was getting older and older and i guess her interest in chocolate making kind of developed into this and now he ' s given up his job and they '
519. quite fast you walk very fast you can ' t walk faster than that lady in the corner the weird one you know the one over here the one whose kid died? ' s wi yeah ' s wife oh she ' s weird definitely weird she is mm but no you you did you just pick at that bit of bread? no i took a seed off the top of it better wrap it up er whatever
522. ' re just like it ' s so tense cos you ' re like oh my god and you can see the groom is like oh so nervous just standing there the a stranger ' s like his wife ' s family are all there and he ' s like hi like saying hi to the mum yeah he meets the mum oh my god before he meets her no way oh my g and then the final episode
526. so his his memory went just you know i mean people get erm dementia and as you get older and you remember but he just didn ' t remember anything but rang to say that ' s his wife yeah erm that er he was in hospital so we went to visit and he loved talking to on the phone he would ring and he always liked to ask her questions about law yeah yeah he had a
530. audio book if you want to listen to it but i ' ve got the book here as well mm she says it ' s er actually her sh it ' s martin scorsese ' s second wife she wrote a lot of stuff with him she says that creativity is a spiritual path and she does this thing she teaches this thing called the morning pages where you get people where y people do a kind of
535. and coming back oh damn it i do wonder what happened still i know it ' s weird i was thinking that this morning actually someone just broke into his house i know i ' m still going with wife mm who loves you? ah i hope i was thinking about sending me that video did show you that? of him singing? mm yeah i think so mm oh it ' s so funny i don '
537. across the road? erm the one that lives in the house where the front garden ' s been taken by the next house oh the farmers ' s brother ' s yeah ' s brother ' s wife yeah mm so er it ' s difficult isn ' t it? yes yeah that ' s right it might be worse mm going through all that again but we also probably all need help and they say we
548. be like he wanted to go to have dinner i thought it would just be me him and but it was some of his friends and oh yeah and who were his friends? erm this is the wife was called this teacher irish guy irish guy? who taught him at er an old guy? he ' s only a bit older than dad er and you can ' t remember his name? no you didn
551. erm inciting and the incident yeah and the car bomb the car bomb is the same night you learned about the car bomb but it was in the past yeah and because he gets reminded about his wife yeah he goes on a drinking binge okay so the drinking binge is really where it starts? yeah because you see him unravel or you well you see you see no you see it first
554. met him but so when i went back to see him he ' d had his stroke but anyway and ma ah yeah i was telling you last night yeah yeah i managed to talk to talk to his wife and arrange a time and what have you and i went back and he said oh there isn ' t begomy any more he said they ' ve oh they ' ve stopped it apparent so what will they
558. problem that ' s your dilemma yeah it ' s a it ' s a really big dilemma because you can invite everybody well just exactly the same as as erm and did there was and and his wife there was er it ' s not the two of us we had a photograph taken with them and we had it taken i had one taken with and i and and and what ' s her f? so
561. usually flow that well? it ' s only usually like like he was giving me like big tips like so instead of him mentioning all the progression parts he would when mr went goes to went gave his wife back his keys he told me to do all the progression parts so like when we were in the drill for me to change the drill before he did it oh okay can i have that orange please? yeah
562. be able to come back and i ' m er because it it was written oh iit was written by her but also her husband yeah because it said how how does it feel mm er when your wife is is down on a list for a one - way trip to mars? yeah is she leaving him behind? and he he said to begin with er they ' re american and he said to begin with
563. ##ly married a a french woman much younger than him ah who then had a baby and then walked off with seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds huh sorry? who is this? the solicitor oh ' s wife yeah oh my gosh um that means his house is worth a million and a half which it must be yeah a whole house in mm be worth more if he did something to it but as he says
564. straight to lunch you know liquid lunch yeah yeah mm is he still drinking as much? not really no he ' s too old he ' s sixty - seven not really so there isn ' t a wife number four or whatever it is no god coming along i don ' t think he ever s wants to see another woman his life mm he ' s he ' s a solicitor how did he let her get
567. with that no i know and they used to take their meals and sit down at the side and eat their lunches and their suppers and i have a feeling it was to get away from the wife more than the probably for some the enjoyment of fishing yeah i think there was an ulterior motive yeah or get away from the noisy children yeah er i think that is more likely just to go experience
568. what would you do if you lost a finger well i ' d look for it and then i ' d probably phone the ambulance and say could you come and pick me up please? cos my wife has got the car and they ' d take me to a and e would you have your mobile phone with you if you were log splitting in the garage? possibly possibly well you ' d have to crawl
569. at about two yeah and i got there at one i mean london was as clear as a bell yeah i mean if you ' d been a pedestrian quite a different matter they must the world and his wife was in erm parliament square and downing street but has it? well you know it it it ' s not very good at the minute now but in fact during the day it was absolutely fine not glorious
571. you know thought to be okay yeah erm and she was big larger than life total dominant you know and he was this little the typical like the you know the postcard with the big the big wife and then the little tiny henpecked husband little stick man he was great he was lovely but it was like you know do this do that now what what did they say shut up you know that and
572. ' s disease and er three other people came down with it as well so of course we were there saying oh what were you doing at the christmas party? one of them was the md ' s wife one of them was one of our guys in engineering so i don ' t know how that happened but we think cos they were buying round after round of erm jagerbombs yeah and they
573. then? i says he says is he overweigh he is overweight isn ' t he? he says a little bit not not hugely oh okay not yeah i said er he said yeah my wife ' s tagged me he said i think i can speak into it and she can hear me he was really funny about it and you know so he is be well beginning to show quite a human side to
577. how much do you earn? oh you can ' t say huh? it doesn ' t matter so say if you earn what? ha the amount you earn do you split that between me and a wife that ' s as much as a fireman then excuse me i earn money too thank you yeah so you wanna go and see people that have been burnt to death? you wanna go and cut people out
578. the right he ' s new not seen him about oh that ' s isn ' t it? with i don ' t know in the purple oh is it? i think that ' s ' s wife with but i dunno who the other one is i dunno who that is you ' re not on the dog watching circuit you should know these people mm i ' ve not seen them i haven '
579. couldn ' t believe it the l the guy that played the innkeeper oh oh god i mean how brilliant was he? absolutely bri he was just and her though yes the g yeah like his wife if you like both of them oh my goodness but even the little one cos i think cos i mean some of them when you came out they looked tiny she ' s seven the the little one
581. it mm mm you know let ' s eat out every night mm and a bottle of wine here and a bottle of wine there and mm well yeah well in lots of parts of africa having a fat wife is a is a good sign cos it shows you ' re feeding her well mm mm hmm is that right? do you remember our friend in i ' m not gonna say his name there you go
583. malaysian and er so he works at erm and er they are the malaysian big cat er conservation group basically mm charity and erm it was essentially that was set up by mm who ' s the wife of erm who is now the director of traffic south east asia wow erm how d ' you get to come the director? of like you know all of south east asia? uhu traffic well
584. big big erm er mainly reptile dealer called who was caught by erm the fbi a few years ago in germany oh good yeah but then he was released and oh and in the meantime his wife was allowed to er trade with impunity basically in malaysia erm or no sorry his pet shops are allowed to continue yeah right right so but what ' s ridiculous is that the people who give out
591. boy erm and and when i got there i immediately knew it wasn ' t a date because he introduced me to his mistress and since i knew someone who taught his small children and therefore knew his wife i was really quite and quite offended by the whole thing but i couldn ' t say anything and how did you know it was his mistress then cos you knew his wife? cos he introduced me
595. and er you won ' t want to know what we get up to no i don ' t wanna know actually what ' s your favourite holiday destination? pakistan? it ' s really up to my wife no generally if you wanted to go on holiday say like for you yeah i guess it ' d be pakistan er where would you go? same places where she does beach beaches does pakistan not dubai sounds nice
597. ' t wanna show your hair oh er eyebrows is allowed oh is it? yeah it ' s hard to keep up with it with it in this modern age does your i try my best does your wife wear like modern clothes or is it traditional? i ' m not married but once you ' re married to her would she cover her face? whatever she wanted to do are you gonna lock her in a
598. ' m gonna walk in and i ' m gonna ask to see her and i ' m gonna tell her this and can you imagine that wednesday night and i are acting in this play together and his wife on the very front row we ' ve already got that to contend with without that happening but i didn ' t find out about it till the next day when texted me and said by the way last night
599. and listened and we became close because of it he didn ' t have anyone else to speak to and i said mm you know we acted together and i said and then suddenly out of the blue his wife challenged him and said have you have you discussed our problems with? and i said and it shocked him and he said yes and i said and now we can ' t even be friends so i said you
600. have you done with this guy? and i said that really is none of your business and i really resent you asking me that what i ' m trying to make the point is he thought his wife knew nothing about me yeah yeah wasn ' t in my circle of friends i wasn ' t in hers as far as she was concerned he was off rehearsing mm and i said but she obviously knows
601. too much yeah you talk way too much erm on this thursday this social night at the that asked whether he ' d come and i said no came has not been allowed to come to by his wife? yeah because he was au he wants to audition for the shakespeare in the park yeah but they were away at center parcs that weekend so he wasn ' t at the open meeting and he messaged
603. thing is you know how you ' re waiting in that really long line and everyone in front of you they ' re like hey and like joking with them and it ' s like how ' s the wife? yeah great and then i get there i ' m like hey and they ' re like come on ah why dude? you know don ' t ask me why oh i ' m not the person to
606. from generation to generation which that tantalus son of zeus who served his son pelops as food at a banquet of the gods ew restored to life by zeus pelops obtained a wife and kingdom by vast treachery lovely right easter wishes was that in the book you bought the fifty pence book box sale yeah oh why did you buy something so miserable he loves miserable loves miserable melancholy
608. fifteen pounds did you have? i put in some money for people for the collection yesterday so oh is it a note? i want to see you do it or not don ' t you trust your wife dad? money
609. then i heard all about ' s sister and she ' s in hospital at the moment ' s sister? ' s eighty - four and she ' s deaf as bless her i thought was ' s wife oh that ' s one her mum used oh yes i remember when she used to pass the gate to little walks with the dog yeah she ' s always calling out to mum but your mum but your mum
611. similar type of oh it can yeah it can see yeah all sorts of things in rust i ' ve got a book on rust have you? bbby a friend that yeah who who is actually the wife of the previous head of the in oh right and er she and her husband went to the antarctic and they went to south georgia where er their rusty yes erm iironwork or whatever it is yes
613. buy flowers for the house buy it he walked in with a bunch of flowers and just put them in a vase would say who are they for? why not? cos well if you have a wife or you come home with flowers you you present them say there you are my darling oh why? cos it that ' s the way women are they ' d be upset oh couldn ' t just buy
614. ooooh it all changes and she kind of went oh oh no that ' s horrible but i did get it i did get half the things i was like i bet she did that to the wife i bet she made her have a miscarriage but it ' s oh don ' t give out any clues i ' m like ah you said so that ' s not even the worst bit you ' d
615. ##ly he was he was very nice i mean to me he was lovely yeah oh very friendly very polite well that could happen with you see that quite often actually someone who ' s difficult with their own wife who ' s pleasant to somesomebody else yes well exactly yeah yes yeah yeah and his wi you know it wasn ' t like his mother was a horrible woman she was a lovely gentle but then i
620. hate it that ' s a shame though yeah but it ' s good fun and you get paid it ' s not fun for me at all i didn ' t get paid last time does ' s wife partner does she not fancy doing the calling? you must know all the dances they do that that ' s the problem i don ' t know them and i panic er are they married? they are married
624. far who ' s going? right i knew you ' d ask me this so i ' ve memorised the list oh right me yeah and her friend oh okay yeah cos ca ' s wife really? they ' re going out i said well bring him bring she said i can ' t believe it she said me and have got something planned oh cos when we went it ' s only girls
628. the new school and everything where she lived and erm i was in work i mean i ' m only in work one day a week but the day i was in was on the phone to his wife and i could er you know there was nobody else in so i couldn ' t help but just completely listen to the one half of the conversation and he just went i ' m sorry? a what?
630. ##m kindergarten thing go oh absolutely horrendous i i should never have done it i mean i only did it out there cos i didn ' t wanna get it in the neck from the wife you know yeah oh you know you ' re not trying to find work so only i knew i mean they ' re they ' re two year olds right and erm oh i went there and they '
631. ##m but er so did that really affect her? or it affected you? well it effected all of us all three of us erm so maybe you know it could be something i mean my wife thinks it ' s a total waste of time and money mm erm she had an operation ah and the medicine seemed to work but now we ' ve got a recurrence of er nose problem mm
632. make things a bit easier yeah i mean there have been cases not i mean not that this would apply obviously in this case but in your case but the cases where you know a man has left his wife and yeah set up with a partner not so long ago somebody who a man who lived with his partner for twenty years who and then yeah but had never actually divorced his wife and in fact he he became
637. there one that ' s been with the buddhists or? what ' s that? what else did you know about them? knew that he was from new zealand so when says no no about his wife then then when says to him er? no so whereabouts in new zealand are you from? he says did i tell you that? or have you just guessed my accent? we were like oh oh and
639. ##went it it you can ' t be very accurate but also we were there were there were five or six of us standing there and everybody was coming up with a slightly different number mm and his wife sort of writing things down could you pass the butter please? erm writing things down and and you know they kind of kind of go with an average if you ' ve got several people there yeah yeah
641. hotel she ' s in on on the internet it is it a beach this is the one yeah that ' s kind of on a kind of thing i ' ve seen that yeah where some man his wife went in the shower and there was a snake and wasn ' t very happy yeah she told me about that erm this one says it ' s good if you like walking it looked nice but she '
642. so you can so could have like sex and stuff yeah which is nice but like joe in erm family guy and there ' s an episode where well it ' s just briefly and erm his wife bonnie is really like turned on by something and she ' s like now strap on your penis and have sex with me it ' s just so emasculating or like cos like now put on
643. if they would ' ve gone wild and attacked them but i think those two men went like yeah it ' s gonna recognise us like he must ' ve and then he brought his erm his like wife the the female lion yeah he she and then they got to stroke her as well yeah and that was a wild lion yeah that was very hard and then there were these er i saw it on the internet

