Cluster 1
1. cos that ' s not a real thing a hoverboard it is a real thing what about a holiday home in spain? w yeah or we could build a giant mansion around the entire planet i don ' t think we ' ve got enough money to do that mm we would enter the lottery no we would be in the lottery group and find out exactly which mon and exactly what money we need
2. they ' d all chosen pink shirts yeah so there was er how funny and all sat there in pink shirts huh and then er walked in pink pink pinstripe must ' ve been on the same planet then why did i just choose juice for then when i ' ve got wine down here? that could ' ve gone wrong huh gone wrong in the head your base looks alright actually mm it looks like the
3. ' t understand like at his age why he doesn ' t think that that ' s a problem? like having gammy teeth for the rest of your like sixty years that you ' re on the planet not even gammy teeth how can he possibly think that you ' d be interested at all? even a little tiny bit i don ' t know it ' s a worry it w it worries me if
4. is there i think that ' s the problem he gives all the big i am but i don ' t really think er he ' s really on the same planet no i don ' t think he ' s got any brains that ' s the issue here mm oh my mystery meat ' s stuck come on mystery meat mystery meat oh huh oh huh i only wanted two
6. on whatsapp erm or viber or whatever uhu free free messaging erm so yeah i ' m messaging back what the very fuck? what what are you on? uhu what planet are you on? what are you on about? when did this become about money? this is about you getting to choose the bouquet yeah that you would like to your specifications nothing to do with money of
9. yeah we ' ll see we ' ll see i just want to go and have some adventures i don ' t blame you you only live once don ' t you? you ' re only on this planet for a certain amount of time just go an experience it and enjoy the time mm hm perhaps have memories if you live long enough if you don ' t at least you enjoyed yourself that ' s the idea
12. about five years or maybe longer mm but they ' ve travelled a lot hope to see you this year ah even better than flying will definitely be a cruise cruise i don ' t know the cost what planet does this guy live on? i know the two but two of you would be ideal for but is that better? four berth berth a four - berth cabin with bathroom toilet and shower and friendly friday?
13. blimey yes er i ' m st i ' m staggered there isn ' t a cure for c cancer yet mm and of the course the the the there are just to many people on this planet now and because we don ' t have the world wars that we used to do where there was a natural selection process as it were culling yeah there was yeah men and women mostly men sadly but er
14. yeah i don ' t know about that stuff but there ' s gotta be life out there because we are there ' s life here yep end of i agree you know so there has to be another planet ninety - two million miles from its sun that can sustain life i agree i mean if you think about the fact that you know the whole gestation of a child mm and the creation yes thing that '
15. whole gestation of a child mm and the creation yes thing that ' s miraculous isn ' t it so you ' re thinking you ' re telling me that yeah life can ' t exist on another planet but that can happen? yeah it just doesn ' t seem no no i agree i agree it ' s just ridiculous really when you look think about it and er fortunately it doesn ' t get to the
17. it ' s really fun did the old biddies take to you being there? or were they a bit? they loved it because w okay and i were giggling away to ourselves er absolutely on another planet and they kept looking over and smiling at us like okay as if we were special as in like oh right those girls bless them are special yeah yeah i think cos i was always going the wrong way
21. mm have to find out no don ' t wanna and the two people that er she brought with her three people that she brought with her when she first came they just disappeared did they? off the planet they have oh can ' t find them at all really? can ' t find them at all mm anyway how ' s your woman? how ' s my woman? oh she ' s alright yeah?
25. s just a bit scatty yeah which is the same as you know money isn ' t an an issue she ' s not tight she just isn ' t engaged on the p on the same planet yeah how much money would you wanna have if for example you did wanna go travelling? say it ' s australia i would need to have so on entry into the country you need to have five thousand dollars
26. it and it ' s sort of ironic isn ' t it? that kind of the likes of you who have been mauled over by major surgery but we ' re glad to be here on the planet really never mind what we look like you know we ' re glad to exist erm yeah so it ' s a it ' s a strange er you know it ' s a very long journey you go
27. okay erm yeah i mean i think that is a huge issue and i suppose i think a lot of people feel they ' ve just got to be so grateful that they ' re here on the planet yeah at all yeah that all those other things just kind of you know they can ' t whine about those things because they ' re just quite glad that they ' re here at all yeah on the
28. at all yeah that all those other things just kind of you know they can ' t whine about those things because they ' re just quite glad that they ' re here at all yeah on the planet and so unless but i kind of do somewhat feel that erm but then on the other hand you see but but but i my husband ' s younger than me he ' s only in his forties
35. for someone else i become the most assertive person in the world yeah yeah and my problem is i don ' t think i expect anything of anyone i think i expect less of anybody on this yeah planet than anyone on this planet i ' ve ever met yeah in my entire life yeah but one thing i do expect it never happens but i do expect i expect someone to stick up for me mm and mm
40. i just find it sickening and then yoda throws the bowling ball down the er the bowling alle the lane and the woman goes oh how did he do that? you know like w what planet ' s she been living on? yeah how did she know yeah she ' s like looking at little i mean everyone knows yoda yeah looking at yoda yeah as if he ' s a normal person
41. kind of understood that really her situation isn ' t that bad yeah d ' you know what i mean? absolutely and she just wasn ' t getting it not at all yeah she lives on a different planet though doesn ' t she? i mean it is yeah she ' s a nice girl but it must be difficult to be friends with someone like that because you are so different it ' s just crazi
43. blew up yeah he hit it with a blast and it went and then he just and erm heard something i want my mummy and yeah the sun crusher two was disabled but landed on a small planet that so then so they ' re not gone yet and were fine and would find a way to make it even better until tomorrow yeah so mm hm yes yes was actually ' s actually still alive today yeah
47. why he thinks that that ' s okay? god knows like he like the way he acts like the way oh well you know the kids for the wedding and boo boo boo and you just think what planet are you actually living on? like how no idea this is not acceptable this is not okay it ' s never going to be okay not a clue fucking weirdo not a clue hmm i wonder if he
51. if i if i pass them round got the bag in here thank you thank you oh is this the draw a picture to get the next person to guess? yeah what oh it ' s brilliant what planet you ' re on and go on got enough erm oh yeah i ' m don ' t do a on me i ' d just like to apologise in advance to who anyone receives my
52. an opinion everybody ' s got an opinion i know i noticed that that you know very soon after arriving i asked for some tap water in a restaurant and they looked at me like i was from another planet and said no we don ' t do that would you like a bottle? well no why would i want mm hm mm hm a bottle? it just seems completely nonsensical yeah and i buy
53. still don ' t really get it like it doesn ' t doesn ' t what do you mean? it isn ' t really supposed to make sense it does make sense what? aliens coming to the planet like why were they there? doing weird shit and they ' re not aliens they are yes they are no they ' re not no they leave in a spaceship no they don ' t they do they no
57. need a key cos they never lock the door and then when i was mad down in stayed with and didn ' t need a key cos they never lock the door yeah it ' s another planet really mm yeah it ' s so nice yeah well i don ' t know like at my house at home we lock the door but there ' s like a key in a really obvious place yeah so i
60. your cheques in yeah but er and cash as well anything at natwest and rbs yeah but they have a but you go to natwest and you ' d think you ' d arrived from planet mars with a i think it ' s some kind of conspiracy among the big five banks to just whenever someone tries to make a stand yeah i do they just go all funny about it they ' re trying
74. ? to beat handsome jack and have you met him yet? kind of who is handsome jack? handsome jack is er well there ' s a planet and erm there ' s a vault on this planet that has been discovered and it holds a very valuable alien resource called eridium and everyone in space wants eridium and this planet called pandora has a gigantic just storage of storage of erm eridium so
75. ' s a planet and erm there ' s a vault on this planet that has been discovered and it holds a very valuable alien resource called eridium and everyone in space wants eridium and this planet called pandora has a gigantic just storage of storage of erm eridium so this big e eridium? so this big evil co what ' s eridium? er it ' s just like is that
88. was with a he was with the bus that we arrived with someone ' s got on and then he got off he got off with us and got us on the next bus but everything in your lonely planet so do not take local transport mm before he popped on to whatever bus but i mean reg like the people that live there have to catch these city bus yeah mm and we thought that we were gonna travel
90. struggle with that mm mm because i ' m so fascinated by experience and life mm that why wouldn ' t you wanna see the world? exactly why wouldn ' t you wanna see every corner of this planet? mm mm i ' m actually wish i was born in an area era where we could travel space and i could go to different planets mm and this kind of stuff that ' s why i g i
92. do that? to eat dinner yeah and if you did and then reacted badly the first thing you could do once you move mm is send the message he can fuck off he ' s on his own planet he ' s on his own planet like even if you ' re being sick you can ' t constantly be sick for the for an hour without stopping for breath it ' s been ages absolutely ages been like
93. and if you did and then reacted badly the first thing you could do once you move mm is send the message he can fuck off he ' s on his own planet he ' s on his own planet like even if you ' re being sick you can ' t constantly be sick for the for an hour without stopping for breath it ' s been ages absolutely ages been like an hour and a half why i
96. doesn ' t sound english does it no i think aviva is french mm yeah so our one of our biggest assets abroad again what they sold out did they? but we all live on this same planet so really i mean the global industry when you think about it i mean it now doesn ' t really matter where it is it ' s a french company so what? if they do the job at the
100. sign and i was like okay she was like i thought it would look quite cool and i was like yep yep you could do she was like on my wrist i was like that ' s nice what planet is she on? mm actually they were saying in erm like at the academy what academy? w that we ' re now working at if you ' ve got tattoos you have to cover them up well
101. did sexy witches oh back in our youth i know it ' s crazy everyone ' s talking about marriage and babies and all that mm who do you class as everyone? everyone every single person on this planet bet ' s not she wants to ' s i think it ' s just an awkward situation isn ' t it no there ' s definitely been some discourse there oh okay keeps bringing up oh that ' s
102. i told you went to a boys ' school right? yeah i didn ' t know how to talk to girls ah and er er boys were okay but girls they it ' s er jus different planet ah but even then i ' m i was something you i was i was fairly quiet at school yeah on erm and it was only sort of since school and started drinking that the real me came out
104. way that was kind of the point but it but it made a very interesting theological point mm in that um you can believe in a higher power and they did and there was a higher power on that planet a lot of good it did them i just think it ' s interesting how stargate ' s really interested in this theology thing well no it ' s s and i i i defy anyone to watch
109. time shit happens mm and if you somehow manage to survive you might get to the top and look around and go and the other half of the tanker goes bang and blows you off the face of the planet yeah that ' s right and you go sailing off that way yeah exactly so you don ' t really have much time to no look around and be a survivor yeah yeah so i think i think your visual
114. s better well i hope he is actually i mea erm did say that he was if any you know he got any worse apparently he was he was a bit sort of nnot on this planet at one stage he said to at one stage? mm oh er he thought you yeah was you? thought yeah so i said oh god i said i ' d that ' s rather than well oh that
115. of twenty - one when we went skiing oh yeah but your mum and dad weren ' t there if they had ' ve been it wouldn ' t ' ve bothered me er yeah okay anyway you what planet have you g? you you ' re just on another world oh well we ' ve got rooms anyway emailed me cos he ' s a bit of a ski you know the old fd from
116. ready for that? everyone will see disgusti i ' m sure lifeguard you ' ve seen distressing scenes nothing nothing nothing like what they ' d see absolutely not you yyou are on another planet if you think working in a leisure centre or a health club you see anything like what a fireman a policeman or any of them see yeah they they not the same deserve ten times the amount of money
117. was really fat and i met him about six years ago and he was torn and skinny was he? i and there was no way i could ever recognise him he was no? absolutely of another the planet but he got the right name and the right story so it had to be him mm but he came and said hello to me but they didn ' t work because of their business plan mm erm they

Cluster 2
5. to uni it ' s mickey mouse ah thank you i love it i i don ' t know why the box is so big though the box like oh it ' s huge they ' re this planet with their cardboard boxes yeah ' s never gonna work in gift wrapping tell you what that that ' ll do there you are when when i when i was wrapping ' s present i forgot how to wrap co
8. ah yeah proper ridiculous it was mars weren ' t it? hasn ' t quite worked out that ' s mars well i don ' t think it is even mars i think it ' s just another planet that ' s uninhabitable if you go out of the bubble of oxygen yeah hilarious and at the end they are about to explode they ' re like coming out their face it ' s so
16. go what the hell do we want with these people they ' re like what stay away from them they ' ll just er kill themselves off in a few minutes we ' ll just keep checking on the planet and we can move in when they when they have destroyed us but there is there ' s some great theories the er conspiracy theories out there and there ' s gotta be t s you know there is some
24. it seems pretty unlikely i mean the that ' s there ' s er time for that yeah when i ' m old and decrepit if we haven ' t destroyed the planet by then erm planet yeah er yes so i don ' t know i think i ' m just gonna save like a beast like with these recordings it ' s obviously been really great to pay off my overdraft and i
34. the geography of light the geography of light? i ' m okay for the geography of light go on okay the geography of light light light light light how many times further away is the sun from our planet compared to the distance the moon is from us? two hundred four hundred or six hundred times? four hundred? four hundred right do you wanna play again but without the chips? can do yeah cool yeah
37. jupiter? i don ' t know pluto he ' s like from pluto yeah he ' s from pluto he he ' s from the comet and he got really pissed off that they ' re a dwarf planet now but oh no and yeah culture is obviously has a huge impact on it yeah and but that ' s not to say that culture isn ' t real the fact that culture has an impact on people er
39. was like fish swimming and it felt like you were swimming with the fish yeah that was good but then when you so do you remember that one we went to in the space centre? the oh the planet one? where you like lie back? yeah yeah that was good yeah i dunno what they call that? like those ones are good but then when you just go and see like a film on the
54. in a spaceship no they don ' t they do they no they don ' t yes they do er what are they? trans tran transylvania wait no they ' re trans sexual they ' re from the planet transsexual in the galaxy transylvania or something or is it? or the other way round no they are transsexuals and they ' re from transylvania no no no transsexual
55. s belt mm mm no i don ' t know er anything really that ' s why i wanted to go along yeah ask them how many of those stars could be a sun they all are to another planet aren ' t they all? they ' re all s s stars yeah but how likely is it that there ' s another planet like this off one of them s stars oh actually the the odds without actually
56. how many of those stars could be a sun they all are to another planet aren ' t they all? they ' re all s s stars yeah but how likely is it that there ' s another planet like this off one of them s stars oh actually the the odds without actually knowing the odds must be very much in the favour mm mm cos there ' s just so many of them it ' s
61. just wanted us to remember but why? i don ' t know when i was little we also learnt pluto but they ' ve got rid of that now they said it was too small to be a planet pluto? i was alive when it was it was when you were born pluto? it was the thought of as a planet for a while when i was little because i when when i was about maybe three
62. ve got rid of that now they said it was too small to be a planet pluto? i was alive when it was it was when you were born pluto? it was the thought of as a planet for a while when i was little because i when when i was about maybe three years old i had a big erm solar system thing oh you did you did have a big chart about it yeah yes
63. maybe three years old i had a big erm solar system thing oh you did you did have a big chart about it yeah yes and there was pluto on it mm although now we ' ve discovered planet nine i think well we haven ' t but there are certain signs of it mm either that or ' s making it up oh i don ' t know in our solar system? in our solar system a
64. think well we haven ' t but there are certain signs of it mm either that or ' s making it up oh i don ' t know in our solar system? in our solar system a ninth planet or tenth planet including pluto which i think that seems a bit mean doesn ' t it to? yeah just take taking a planet i don ' t know how they decided out of the solar system you know
65. haven ' t but there are certain signs of it mm either that or ' s making it up oh i don ' t know in our solar system? in our solar system a ninth planet or tenth planet including pluto which i think that seems a bit mean doesn ' t it to? yeah just take taking a planet i don ' t know how they decided out of the solar system you know that it was
66. ' t know in our solar system? in our solar system a ninth planet or tenth planet including pluto which i think that seems a bit mean doesn ' t it to? yeah just take taking a planet i don ' t know how they decided out of the solar system you know that it was too small and it couldn ' t be a planet but anyway yes so that chart was wrong and all the books
67. doesn ' t it to? yeah just take taking a planet i don ' t know how they decided out of the solar system you know that it was too small and it couldn ' t be a planet but anyway yes so that chart was wrong and all the books that they ' d written about planets were wrong so do you know what erm a pin - sized thingy of a blue planet of a
68. a planet but anyway yes so that chart was wrong and all the books that they ' d written about planets were wrong so do you know what erm a pin - sized thingy of a blue planet of a blue planet erm was the same a pin - sized thingy had yeah i ' ve told you this the empire state thing yeah of the pin - s head - sized blob of
69. yes so that chart was wrong and all the books that they ' d written about planets were wrong so do you know what erm a pin - sized thingy of a blue planet of a blue planet erm was the same a pin - sized thingy had yeah i ' ve told you this the empire state thing yeah of the pin - s head - sized blob of a? oh what
70. matter of erm matter of a star weighs erm the same as three empire states three empire state buildings so pretty heavy yeah yeah but not actually of a star of red or blue yeah a huge planet which is a star but it ' s n it ' s what? it ' s much bigger than the sun and much more powerful it ' s blue which means it ' s extremely hot so that '
71. mm although there is i can ' t bel although mm? in my it can ' t be true book oh yes is wrong cos it i ' m not sure if it has pluto as a planet i don ' t think it does but it definitely doesn ' t have planet nine i know because it ' s a new discovery my love yeah this is my rice and i would like you to try a
72. can ' t be true book oh yes is wrong cos it i ' m not sure if it has pluto as a planet i don ' t think it does but it definitely doesn ' t have planet nine i know because it ' s a new discovery my love yeah this is my rice and i would like you to try a little bit of it please both of you do you know the song that?
73. and what ' s the actual ultimate object of the game? to beat handsome jack and have you met him yet? kind of who is handsome jack? handsome jack is er well there ' s a planet and erm there ' s a vault on this planet that has been discovered and it holds a very valuable alien resource called eridium and everyone in space wants eridium and this planet called pandora has a
83. very good book oh okay right then i like people i like people more i can redeem myself from that two speed is of the essence what what am i on? ah you can have these the planet? world i can ' t do you want to do the timer? yeah hang on i ' m going to get the recorder out cos i what are these ones? they ' re done okay concentrate
85. ##wp oh it is gawp what ' s a gawk? or it can be a gawk sounds like a some alien from er it can be gawk or gawp the planet zog it can be gawk or gawp depending on er how strongly you ' re doing it i reckon it ' s a weird word isn ' t it yeah oh yeah it is gaw
87. like as if it ' s filming it er twenty - five frames a second or something you can then have twenty - five photos yeah per second but i think that on on to choose from on frozen planet it was because like say if they were waiting for like a um tut a whale to like burst through the surface yeah you like you you can ' t guarantee that it clicks on time no by the
98. does make you think yeah yeah course gold is the only metal but they mine it out the ground don ' t they? yeah but that ' s only cos it ' s come together on the planet you see see planets are different from stars yeah they ' re formed by there ' s all this dust flying around in nebula right where you hear about like the horse head nebula that ' s right yeah they
99. get it coalescing right? yeah and as it coalesces it build up its centre of gravity more and more which means it drags other stuff into it and and eventually it becomes a planet you know with just made out of dust in space and the bigger it gets the more it starts pulling it in yeah no they they were i mean that ' s i mean you know i ' m probably
103. ' t really do any they you know it wasn ' t a battle it was just a traditional alien thing it was just a really weird mind thing ha yes and that bit with the er the god planet was weird the god? oh the god oh yeah oh and then they all came back to the yeah ship oh that was weird that was fucking weird mm not in a particularly nice way just in a slightly
110. can smell it but like i dunno what ' s natural about it but it just stinks who is the greatest empire? what every like be like if quantum mechanics governed reality? why is a planet? oh oh my god i forgot i was drinking this fanta and i nearly put a snapchat oh my god everyone knows about this fanta oh wow ' s is interesting oh yes and kind
113. on all the channels huh look he ' s bringing the flower back to life aw huh that ' s better that ' s why i think if there were aliens they wouldn ' t be bothered with this planet they ' d be i ' m sure mm an advanced civilization oh that ' s you i wondered what it was ghosts? mm ghosts in the machine huh god you wouldn ' t s ever go back to
120. northern france associated with the second world war the beaches dunkirk yeah er it ' s a like a west indies they and a place in the west indies the a it ' s a it ' s a planet with a rude name uranus yeah it ' s a er a blue colour on monopoly very posh place angel islington no they are dark blue a very famous place very expensive mayfair yeah er it '

Cluster 3
7. ##cksack well no because take rucksack to sainsbury ' s do you? yeah yeah and walk out with them full yeah tut tut yeah cos i ' m saving the planet man i ' ve never been stopped no? but then i do have i ' ll tell you what if somebody ever stopped me when i wasn ' t stealing something i would be fucking pissed off probably because
19. ' ve got national geographic oh got signed up to what ' s this you ' re on? all these were it ' s the same thing they ' re all just different magazines wow pulse on the planet i bet two minute sound portraits of planet earth nature and science so before we were just saying yeah go and t talk to practitioners speaking er yeah listening sorry they ' ve got oh that ' s good they
20. up to what ' s this you ' re on? all these were it ' s the same thing they ' re all just different magazines wow pulse on the planet i bet two minute sound portraits of planet earth nature and science so before we were just saying yeah go and t talk to practitioners speaking er yeah listening sorry they ' ve got oh that ' s good they ' ve put a lot more on here
23. boyfriend? it seems unlikely it seems pretty unlikely i mean the that ' s there ' s er time for that yeah when i ' m old and decrepit if we haven ' t destroyed the planet by then erm planet yeah er yes so i don ' t know i think i ' m just gonna save like a beast like with these recordings it ' s obviously been really great to pay off my
31. they ' re like little mini seahorses weren ' t they? did you see that episode of south park where er they buy a bunch of sea monkeys? yeah and they like welcome them to planet earth and stuff and then they actually do evolve and like they go through the stages of civilisation and like make pyramids and stuff it ' s really funny i ' m sure we ' ve had this
32. to pay me for going underneath it mm and then she said her husband was coming back flying back from new zealand and that was the end of the discussion cos i said what was that doing for planet? mm how much money does the government put into research in comparison to the subsidies that are given to these erm wind turbines and things? well a pretty good question i i don ' t honestly know
38. re so successful we developed such large brains and now we ' re and now we are too complicated to compare to primates who who yeah yeah who are much more simple have you seen rise of the planet of the apes? caesar yeah there are ways to look at primate anthropology in the right way and there are ways to do it the wrong way and most people do it the wrong way in that they get
42. drama with john w john wayne wow there ' s nothing on what is going on? what ' s on the bbc? on the beeb? oh god formula one ooh no abort human planet formula one mm don ' t want john wayne what ' s a night to remember? titanic oh god pooh ' s heffalump movie pooh ' s heff yes good good that '
45. was like quite quirky um give you a handful uh hmm um as opposed to just the one that you need please give them the eagle eye evil eye oh um we ' re trying to save the planet or something like it was a really cute little thing and i was like no way that ' s please please give our workers the evil eye so if they basically thrust them at you fine will do hence take
49. that ' s true as you know yeah you could take your tea with you your thyme tea yeah that ' s okay i don ' t really need it but what and they ' ve got animal planet on tv oh nice this channel that i really like yeah no it ' s not a bad option but the yeah he was saying this guy was quite financially savvy and he was just saying it '
59. ? so accelerated a lot god four and a half million years ago the earth ' s temperature exceeded the melting point of iron which is why all the iron turned into liquid flowed to the centre of the planet heated into lighter elements such as and then formed a sort of mantle crust i know it ' s a very hot volatile place isn ' t it now? i think we should get erm assessed assessed?
76. a whale of a time look at that hump what are you gonna do with all that hump? all that hump inside that that hump inside that what are you watching? the blue planet i ' ve got it on dvd i ' ve got it on netflix awesome do you want a gold star? how about i give you a punch in your vagina? how about i punch you in
77. like native america you like wear all its stuff cos then you like embody the powers of the animal which calling upon the power of ten tigers what? er it ' s from a cartoon captain planet he calls upon the power of ten tigers i do that constantly and nothing happens i call up the power of ten do you know one thing i ' d love in life? would be an animal whistle if
78. re the evolved western world when in actual fact we ' re less humane than anybody else mm though the issue i have is this idea of natural selection a certain number of people have to die because the planet can only sustain a certain number of people yeah and obviously because of their they they don ' t have access to condoms men don men rape women yeah so they ' re constantly having babies there ' s no
79. it ' s gonna put the all sweatshops it ' s gonna de out of devalue a lot of stuff yeah when they get quick and cheap and it ' s got to fuck the planet up you can just you know everyone ' s gonna have a factory in their own house mm just get a blueprint yeah don ' t need to buy anything any more just need the yeah the plastic whatever
80. ? yeah it ' s like well why don ' t you just download one dad? that ' s the that ' s what i was saying to that ' s why it ' s gonna fuck the planet up cos every time somebody erm you know loses something or can ' t find it yeah oh i ' ll just get a another one yeah maybe you could er you could upload your car key
84. ##dicted each other and and you know mm right and quite a lot of it was well actually we don ' t we ' re not quite sure about this yet right but the general consensus was the planet would be better if more people ate more vegetables and fewer less meat yeah yeah yeah and most people ' s health would be better if they ate less meat than they do yeah in in developed countries it '
86. ' ll give you give you a choice of the the best ones yeah cos they do that on like wildlife photography don ' t they because like you know i saw it on yeah was it frozen planet? yeah to m what was the other one called? to make sure that you ' ve captured like cos yeah yeah cos yeah to m to make it like as if it ' s filming it
89. money mm yeah and they get really quite envious of that so they try to get money from them we understand we understand but th half of that problem is because people will just follow things like lonely planet and they ' ll go to that one place whereas you could go to mm these numerous places but no one fucking does yeah cos they wanna stay with all the other fucking tourists yeah mm the problem with
106. stuff like that like it doesn ' t faze her she ' s just not bothered about it which is fine but for people who are a bit worried about you know either saving electricity or saving the planet saving the planet you know just i think that sort of passes her by and it ' s hard because she ' s so scattered like with her mum last wednesday her mum was like have you got the tickets
107. like it doesn ' t faze her she ' s just not bothered about it which is fine but for people who are a bit worried about you know either saving electricity or saving the planet saving the planet you know just i think that sort of passes her by and it ' s hard because she ' s so scattered like with her mum last wednesday her mum was like have you got the tickets now are you
118. of the people there had so that probably i would have a chance when when a a job came up and a job did come up and that was to er produce programmes on a series called the living planet where they were record w er were looking for people er to join a team for a three year project multimillion pounds with david attenborough oh right erm and i thought no i won '
119. they ' ll hopefully we we ' ve got another supporter and i say to to th as well would you be prepared to give an hour of your time a week to something if you care about the planet and the people on it an hour of your time just licking envelopes or or putting out some flyers? er but you know you could do something because you meet people and broaden your horizons learn a
123. it ' s the new head of greenpeace and he ' s like greenpeace environmental erm our campaigns the worst mistake ever to have been made is that it ' s about saving the planet it ' s not about saving the planet when we get extinct when we become extinct the planet ' s gonna live on it ' s just gonna rerereresuscitate and revive and yeah it '
124. ##peace and he ' s like greenpeace environmental erm our campaigns the worst mistake ever to have been made is that it ' s about saving the planet it ' s not about saving the planet when we get extinct when we become extinct the planet ' s gonna live on it ' s just gonna rerereresuscitate and revive and yeah it ' ll live on cos it ' s
125. environmental erm our campaigns the worst mistake ever to have been made is that it ' s about saving the planet it ' s not about saving the planet when we get extinct when we become extinct the planet ' s gonna live on it ' s just gonna rerereresuscitate and revive and yeah it ' ll live on cos it ' s a powerful thing but it ' s about not about
126. live on it ' s just gonna rerereresuscitate and revive and yeah it ' ll live on cos it ' s a powerful thing but it ' s about not about saving the planet it ' s about helping people live in harmony with the earth for for as long as possible without basically making it an inininhabitable place and that was interesting because lots of people when you see
127. yeah and that one ' s that ' s dog shit this one ' s bullshit the funny thing about crystals is how like alive they are with like the hippy scene which was always very you know planet conscious and about eating wholefoods and it ' s like and then you ' ve got your crystal collection which you need because of vague erm spiritual reasons but they are terrible for the environment because the
128. they ' re very very pretty yeah but don ' t tell me they have mystical properties i know and especially when the whole rest of the ethos of your life is about sustainable living and saving the planet but you uhu keep buying crystals which is probably well not the like biggest environmental oh my fav my my favourite one problem but is that it ' s impossible to destroy a diamond it ' s impossible

Cluster 4
0. stuff is that er it ' s impressive because it ' s so yeah yeah yeah hard to play yeah and it ' s so ins cos the drums and the guitar that very few people on the planet can do that yeah and that ' s the main reason it ' s popular do you think there ' s a certain amount of also like rebellion in it? yeah that ' s true and oh yeah all
10. ' t he? yes he did which is yeah quite impressive yeah yes and sired a few few children on the way didn ' t well well they reckon er one in every two hundred men on the planet can trace their ancestry back to g er genghis khan that ' s insane mm er surely not i mean if you think about it obviously it ' s a lot more difficult for women but for a
11. ' ve read in linguistics books they ' re they are they argue that erm our language is one of our most defining features of what makes us human what separates us from all other creatures on this planet is our ability to communicate and what has well not communication and and language as separate er yeah animals can communicate yeah but they don ' t have language they don ' t have the s the so they they
18. ' s a struggle that one cos i y cos that one ' s just such a struggle for me cos i was like i was like there ' s like seven billion people on the planet how can you think we ' re not having an effect? i just don ' t understand like that view i ' m like how you can think it? mm and also it it it shows that they
22. stuff you know? i like to think that if humans abo abided not abode abided by the laws of christian agape aboded yeah yeah abided yeah every person on the planet since the dawn of human history i don ' t think we ' d have paedophiles no but paedophiles there ' s there ' s something intre intre or people like that
29. all my fun you can listen to this for a minute he just controls things and now we ' re blatantly not going to like it even if it is the funniest thing on the planet we ' re going to yeah literally we ' re just we ' re going to be dickheads relent on you my whore are they talking about henderson? ah a prostitute she dynasty she dynasty that '
30. ve died it ' s it ' s miniscule absolutely miniscule well that but look at the money they ' ve made they ' ve brought in injections to every single person on this planet now oh yeah absolutely yep at birth or they you know flu vaccines and they try and put yeah they do pregnant women don ' t they? it ' s you ' re talking multi - billion probably multi
33. mm well they are threatening to renege on the their share of the debt which is an empty threat cos if they renege on that i can ' t think of too many people on the planet who are gonna lend will wanna lend them a few bob yeah so it ' s all gonna happen in two weeks two weeks ' time innit? two weeks ' time two weeks tomorrow mm that ' s
36. the most assertive person in the world yeah yeah and my problem is i don ' t think i expect anything of anyone i think i expect less of anybody on this yeah planet than anyone on this planet i ' ve ever met yeah in my entire life yeah but one thing i do expect it never happens but i do expect i expect someone to stick up for me mm and mm it ' s not a
44. out ways of how to charge people for things how they can make money out of everything charge for every single thing and that erm and that ' s not right when we ' re born onto this planet we ' re born with rights that er you know it ' s it ' s your world it ' s no one owns it but the capitalists own it now so and now the the capitalists are
46. come back i ' m sort of seeing this norwegian guy all quite casual he came up to cambridge like five times i went to norway and then when i came back he disappeared off the face of the planet so that was a start of the where men are crazy yeah he was the one who was referring to me as a girlfriend when i was i went up to norway to break up with him and then realised
48. thing that people can talk to and pray to by putting their hands together and somehow talking to him wherever he is and and he answers their prayers even though there ' s about seven billion people on the planet probably about two of those probably at least one billion are praying at that time i don ' t know not one billion praying at that very time but a lot so yes i don ' t think he is
50. whatever ' s left the little bit of powder that ' s left stick in a firework we ' ll get norris mcwhirter and see is this the most used larynx on the planet? start you can do research into larynx i don ' t care i don ' t make sure you make that joke at my funeral with a smile on your face and your bright bright suit on
58. mean yeah because they didn ' t want to be yeah is the problem it wasn ' t a choice was it? no and they were an established yeah one of the oldest civilisations on the planet mm i mean we met the dalai lama mm how amazing is that? didn ' t shake his hand or anything but we had a teaching from him mm we were only for the tea and biscuits it was
81. to most of the popula and i i actually listen to god anything by him but oh dear don ' t you ' ve got a clea like cl like aggressively clean - living person on the planet aggressively what? yeah but he ' s cliff richard most aggressively what? clean - living person on the planet oh yeah but he ' s still like put botox in his face he has that ' s
82. t you ' ve got a clea like cl like aggressively clean - living person on the planet aggressively what? yeah but he ' s cliff richard most aggressively what? clean - living person on the planet oh yeah but he ' s still like put botox in his face he has that ' s not particularly clean hmm well maybe it is i dunno it ' s very clean botox uh probably kills
91. somebody could not think that yeah do you know what i mean? yeah how can ' t why can ' t you see that that ' s a problem? er there ' s no way on this planet that that didn ' t enter into your head to do and you chose not to do it as opposed to just didn ' t think yeah it came in your head you thought it wasn ' t important enough
94. for bout six months actually and i hated london really? with a passion think it ' s just dirty em i think it ' s em it ' s it ' s the loneliest place on the planet where so many people seem to be around yeah yeah em eh the the whole element of eh you you ' re never out of your work clothes for for no other reason then you you may as well stay
95. never had anybody give me that information before really? i was gobsmacked i didn ' t think anybody alive now knew that bloody hell yeah i didn ' t think anybody alive now on the planet would have memories of air raids and going to the bomb shelter and rationings mm and mm mm like cos i just i never ever learnt about it never wow not once that ' s mad so
97. it says erm dark chocolate is loaded with nutrients that can positively affect your health made from the seeds of the cocoa tree it ' s one of the best sources of antioxidants in the planet studies show that dark chocolate not the sugar crap excuse me can improve health and lower the risk of heart disease that ' s what he put i didn ' t say that dark chocolate is very nutritious
105. you further on you know no you know liam spent you know over a year yeah no entirely lots of erm graduate improvement days which i can still think are the worst thing on the face of the planet yeah yeah yeah but how can you work cooperatively in a team of people you are competing against? it ' s a situation it ' s a skill which is not acquired in yes because you ' re
108. you ' ll live the best lifestyle you can imagine yeah yeah can ' t prove a thing can ' t find anything more about him no he ' s disappeared he ' s off the face of the planet but you know what i mean though like in terms of the films that i ' ve seen i mean i watch a lot of films and what you do is that you find the you ' re you '
111. do you want to pass that enrichment onto another generation? well what about if we have different philosophies what if i don ' t feel if i feel a genuine connection to everyone on this planet what if i thought like oh lovely thank you thank you my legacy might not necessarily have to be imparted through my own biology no that i no feel more of a kinship with with the people around
112. now won ' t they? at twelve? they ' re all just coming out all these human beings everywhere you sound like an alien who wants to wipe all the humans off the pl face of the planet i probably am you know? yeah maybe you don ' t have blood and all yeah i know maybe you ' ve got something else yeah i ' m an alien
121. don ' t don ' t worry it ' s fine sweetie no cos you can ' t be comfortable though we can ' t hear them blue whales are one of the loudest animals on the planet communicating they ' re having a party down there communicating with each other using a series of low frequency pulses groans and moans it is thought that in er good conditions blue whales can hear over distances of up to
122. it and mm i mean like whaling happens in norway and they ' re like so civilised yeah yeah and they have that yeah like they ' re so that ' s like the the country on this planet that ' s so broad thinking i read this interview with the head of new head of greenpeace oh no well the head of greenpeace is stepping down and he ' s being replaced oh yeah

