Cluster 1
1. mean is it ' s pitiful really i mean she ' s sort of like yeah you know there ' s you know sort of worn out you know yeah there ' s no way she had the energy she had when she was younger no but she ' s still got another six years she ' s gotta work that ' s terrible innit? mm mm that ' s awful especially when her sister who '
2. mm it ' s part of the job it ' s part of the thing and so you have like a you know an email formula and then you just so so that you spend as little er emotional energy on it as possible mm i think for long term he would sort of for ages he like ffound it really exhausting and would like write a really like a like angry email and but then like del
3. more white and better maintained basically there was a lot of white less less hobos yes there was definitely a lot of white and also cos you ' re doing so much skiing you ' re using energy all day so you ' re so hungry all the time so you have to buy enormous quantities of food to like keep going yeah mm that sounds delicious it ' s amazing it ' s like a license to
7. like three times a week and then i realised i can ' t keep doing this i don ' t have cool friends mm so i didn ' t and then sometimes i just don ' t have the energy yeah that was partly it and you know like money and stuff so i was just we we still like we ' d go out er near our flat and go to the pub or when we had christmas dinner
9. but yeah he ' s he ' s he ' s i mean mandelson has returned having mo mowlam there who who ' s the people person but himself and spending so much time and energy and mm i know he ' s not given much credit for that because of major i ' m not saying whether that ' s right or wrong i don ' t know how far major had got but i
10. ? three hundred calories? four hundred calories? mm nothing more erm yeah but i thi think you know sandwiches rolls it depends on what you have in them mm but the type of energy that you ' re consuming isn ' t really sustaining mm i ' d be more inclined to have something with rice or yeah yeah cos in when i eventually get more organised what i would like to do
11. be in defence? no oh mm well i ' m not sure he ' s got he ' s a good player he ' s hard as nails i ' m not sure he ' s got the energy you ' ve got no and er when you ' ve played him midfield you ' ve actually dir i think you ' ve directed play i don ' t know what that means you ' ve controlled play you
17. a lot of time training yeah for things that are never g there seems to be a big focus on training and meetings and organization and hierarchy if they s if they spent a fraction of that time and energy earning extra got a part - time job earned some more money send that to a proper aid organization or let alone the government yeah who actually do this sort of work properly yeah i mean cos again the
19. oh right okay they don ' t they you know there ' s plenty of their food it ' s just they they their diet ' s like so basic that it doesn ' t have a lot of energy and whatever and they need a huge amount of it cos they don ' t want anything else right even if they you know a steak or whatever they ' ll have some bamboo and they don ' t
20. oh no no i think i can keep going i can keep going flannel at your age you really should be slowing down iron lung? i well i think i ' ve got more en more energy than ever she is she is slowing down more energy than ever yeah got this new business to proceed with it ' s an exciting time an exciting time sacha if you ever wanna get away to milan from
21. can keep going flannel at your age you really should be slowing down iron lung? i well i think i ' ve got more en more energy than ever she is she is slowing down more energy than ever yeah got this new business to proceed with it ' s an exciting time an exciting time sacha if you ever wanna get away to milan from milan mm hm and er you know you can have
22. ? er? that ' s what she said my friends keep winding me up saying he ' s got some thai bride he ' s with his other family i sai he hasn ' t got the flipping energy for that oh the state of him made me laugh but it was didn ' t just say oh he wouldn ' t have been there she went oh as if did you did you just waiting to say did
23. special needs and can ' t really cope and um h the son he thinks has also got adhd and they ' re going through the process of um is adhd just sort of like too much energy? yeah and not being able to concentrate on things you know bec he right told me this quite hilarious story where he tried to make hot cross buns yeah eight times and he ' d put two
28. feel like i ' m in a oh my god that scared me i feel like i ' m in a rut i need how are you in a rut? positivity and and good energy oh i went running this morning oh yes how was that love? it was good because i bought like new running gear this weekend running shoes i got a sports bra and everything and i was oh my goodness
31. and do this and the next day come and do this like just find it a bit like yeah and at the end of a long week it ' s actually yeah really difficult to sort of summon the energy and she always wants to do things on like a sunday afternoon er and i ' m like really don ' t fancy it or mm mm so i don ' t know um i think she hopes i might
32. lion crazy dog sound like a lion so could i put the joker back in and swap it with something else? is that? is that something you can do? oh you haven ' t got any energy even to jump up it ' s it ' s wise strategy to hang on to your joker i ' d have thought no that ' s that ' s very bad advice you ' ve just did you have
33. ' d have thought no that ' s that ' s very bad advice you ' ve just did you have a sleep you little dog? well a joker can be anything he hasn ' t got any energy he couldn ' t even jump up then are you tired? it ' s not good to hold onto it when you ' ve got it in your hand come on whose go? come on i ' d
34. go bloody hell you really really thoroughly cover it don ' t you? but it ' s just that i it ' s just that after i left her and went home i just felt drained of all energy you know how i think i hope that when we talk about stuff it ' s funny yeah so we just go oh my god my life is so shit ha ha ha you know whereas with her it was
35. thing i think some people equate our weirdness with thinking that sometimes it ' s it ' s really really not them is it? it ' s just you genuinely haven ' t got the energy or the inclination to see people that often you ' ve got too much to do or you ' re and as soon as people start to kick up about it yeah it has the opposite effect because don '
38. as long as i ' m exercising just not paying yeah as long as i ' m being you know healthy you ' re probably sweating more cos you ' re worried about getting caught yeah nervous nervous energy so you ' re a lady of leisure this afternoon? yes seems so i ' m doing quite a lot of work tomorrow so i thought today just you ' ve got sunday lunch yeah but i have to
39. ' d actually done the surgery properly in the first place yeah you know that would have been more effective it would have saved her life and it would have saved yeah them a great deal of time and energy and money and yeah you know so i mean i ' m a very passionate believer that you know erm women have a you know a a right to have this and it rad more radical surgery yeah
48. and coming back that just knocked me out for another couple of days okay but this these last few days i r i feel like i ' ve turned another corner i just feel i ' ve got more energy i ' m you look like you have yeah all your colour back yeah yeah colour coming back yeah yeah yeah and i just finding i ' m i ' m waking up early i think as you start to
49. i ' m putting myself under a heck of a lot of pressure and you might be able to do it but i ' m not sure how much turn of speed i know i ' ve got more energy than i ' ve had but i just don ' t know if i can do it and i ' m sorry not to come to keep you company and i ' m sorry for me because i ' m
50. ' t close cos they ' ve been open so long yes and it gets i ' m like oh my gosh it ' s time to go to sleep though but i haven ' t got energy to sleep i know i ' m just sitting there like ah your eyes are just open it ' s so much energy just to close them yeah so i just stay on my phone sorry i can ' t
51. ##sh it ' s time to go to sleep though but i haven ' t got energy to sleep i know i ' m just sitting there like ah your eyes are just open it ' s so much energy just to close them yeah so i just stay on my phone sorry i can ' t i can ' t deal with all this work i don ' t i i i ' m really what ' s worrying
55. time to do that and to make your music on the computer and you ' re trying to do too much mm and one thing at a time yeah but apart from this one that ' s where my energy ' s gonna go yeah it ' s this year and i wanna yeah i wanna get back on the propaganda stuff as well cos i no more stupid vid stupid series videos no no no no no
59. doing it ' s not there ' s no one job i don ' t like doing for me it ' s more a case of like i hate i hate not feeling like i ' ve got the energy to do things cos i like doing them i like getting things done i like tidying and i like cleaning and i like everything being nice you know yeah it ' s crap but i hate when i
60. i like getting things done i like tidying and i like cleaning and i like everything being nice you know yeah it ' s crap but i hate when i feel like i ' ve not got the energy or the time yeah to do stuff which i don ' t like that that ' s what really bothers me i don ' t like that feeling of there ' d be like washing up to do but
63. comes at the point of year where you ' re like feeling sort of down about february um yeah the weather ' s pretty cold and you just go great now we ' ve gotta you know suddenly find energy from somewhere and the problem is is that no - one apart from like obviously teachers like nobody ' s got the time off afterwards so i i i ' m looking at it like i ' m gonna be
64. m gonna be absolutely shattered i ' ve got a massive deadline coming up and big important meetings got two bible studies to write um and yeah i ' m gonna come out of this with less than no energy it ' s like yeah at least it finishes quite early on sunday yeah there was a part of me which was thinking given you know cer one of the things given i don ' t have to earn
66. oh i ' m guessing you have to do it yourself then okay i ' ll get you to go for a shower and then i ' ll get you to go are you sure you ' ll have energy to work as well? oh yeah what? mm i ' m confused what ' s wrong? huh? what ' s wrong? i ' m not sure what ' s going on what? cos
67. i eat some of it? do it like i owe you some m money mm friendly er get to know her again friendly friendly friendly friends hear the friendly friendly friendly friends oh wait a minute oh your energy ' s fine oh god what? i was like oh i ' ll do my essay a bit realising nope why not? cos i ' m still okay i ' ve just remember you ' re not
68. another time anyway who ' s? you know who is who? red red wine oh wait should i get you to come home? stay close to me yeah get me to go home yeah how much energy do i have? you ' re like you ' re fine you ' ve wa you ' ve had you ' ve wasted like no energy look at you how have i done that? that ' s what
69. close to me yeah get me to go home yeah how much energy do i have? you ' re like you ' re fine you ' ve wa you ' ve had you ' ve wasted like no energy look at you how have i done that? that ' s what i was thinking you they must ' ve just been like sat there doing nothing just like in silence er er go on actually no no no
71. in the thingy you unplugged didn ' t you? oh congratulations that was really quick that was very quick i ' m getting really good at that yeah seriously like see how good the energy goes up with that bed cos my energy was almost at the bottom i like bed and it was only eight hours sleep mm it ' s pretty dec yeah it was almost like a normal human being now
72. didn ' t you? oh congratulations that was really quick that was very quick i ' m getting really good at that yeah seriously like see how good the energy goes up with that bed cos my energy was almost at the bottom i like bed and it was only eight hours sleep mm it ' s pretty dec yeah it was almost like a normal human being now ain ' t it? yeah yeah negatively regulates
73. they would fly this high like if it was just from them there would they? be a waste of en but swallows do kind of fly like that really yeah yeah but it would be a waste of energy wouldn ' t it? there ' s no reason to get this they ' re probably catching flies aren ' t they? flies? is that what they eat? dunno they must have to eat a
74. not get anything out of it they might get really excited and think they ' ve got somewhere and not and then not get anywhere they could be even older parents and then how would would they have the energy and? mm you know so they they became very comfortable with just actually going do you know what? i think we ' re okay with just ourselves it ' s a fine line of w but they would
75. do these kind of things i think i hope so i mean i think you will be i think you will be i ' m pretty certain i hope so but i hope that i ' ve got the energy to so if you i hope that i ' ve got the energy to i ' m sure you will cos you ' ll still have the you ' re pretty trim and fit you ' ll still have
76. think you will be i think you will be i ' m pretty certain i hope so but i hope that i ' ve got the energy to so if you i hope that i ' ve got the energy to i ' m sure you will cos you ' ll still have the you ' re pretty trim and fit you ' ll still have the bug in you cos it ' s just in you mm
78. i don ' t know i d i just don ' t get i couldn ' t do it i couldn ' t you know and i ' m thirty - four but i wouldn ' t have the energy levels and sorting out babysitting and all of that no no i don ' t know how she does it it ' s crazy yeah no mm i need to cook something soon actually i ' m getting
79. s like me when i was younger yeah but was i that hyper? i think ' s actually quite mild so it must make my son a bit more like flipping is he really hyper? always have energy yeah we really do don ' t we? but i have to make sure i know it sounds awful it ' s like having a pet you ' ve gotta make sure they ' re walked fresh air waters
80. i have to make sure i know it sounds awful it ' s like having a pet you ' ve gotta make sure they ' re walked fresh air waters and they ' ve got rid of all their energy yeah otherwise it ' s like you know they can ' t be cooped up no lovely to see you and you i know good to have a hug yeah take care thank you for coming i ' ve
87. ##s like when you first get him out he ' s really quiet and really slow and then and then panic sets in and yeah but then he goes really fast cos he ' s got loads of energy and he ' s comfortable in his surroundings he ' s just jumping like suicide hamster oh god there ' s a cv checklist and i just read a couple that i haven ' t done what '
88. do like just turning up like you alright? yeah okay i ' m going back to france now mm oh yeah shall i go and get them? yeah usually it ' s i know i love this energy guys if you go this time then i ' ll go next time i know then we ' ll already have them by then i know we have to get up anyway you have the key good luck guys thanks
89. that around the flat the whole year it ' s just the phone that she ' s used a couple of times spare and just you know yeah right okay that makes sense now i understand just so much energy it ' s alright i wish i had that much energy i ' d be much less fat i was thinking the same thing definitely thin i can ' t believe it ' s ten o ' clock already we
90. the phone that she ' s used a couple of times spare and just you know yeah right okay that makes sense now i understand just so much energy it ' s alright i wish i had that much energy i ' d be much less fat i was thinking the same thing definitely thin i can ' t believe it ' s ten o ' clock already we should get where the fuck is she? not that we
91. bit and i know it ' s so hard like it ' s horrible but you ' ve got to actually like fight it because and i kn i know it ' s like you ' ve got no energy and it ' s shit and it ' s horrible but you can do it you ca like promise you can i believe in you you ' re an inspiration you know that? an inspiration? yeah lols
92. do some camping after your campy slippers er ah oh dear breathe deep the gathering gloom watch lights fade in every room bedsitter people look back and lament on another useless day ' s energy spent ah well my mate said to me today he said i i ' m going down to portugal i said oh when ' s that? he said july i went july? you ' re joking it '
96. once it warmed up two minutes it toasted the bread loads of butter and er bowl of s big e sspaghetti hoops in the microwave mm breakfast he loved it and he burns more energy with you but i think he eats more food with you too oh yeah i mean we do do a lot of exercise mm god knows how many miles we rode this ride jesus good for him er doing something
101. does work though i do love it if i ' m feeling a bit dodgy do you remember the tablets? lucozade tablets yeah lucozade tablets yeah they give you a proper burst of energy i can ' t remember lucozade tablets yeah you used to get them in the leisure centre in the vending machine mm well i never just like sugar i think they still sell them they sell them
102. day this bloke come on he cut out carbohydrates altogether no he didn ' t this woman he was experimenting with she did she had to and er and finished up with no energy tired always wanting to go to sleep you gotta have the balance that ' s the trouble you gotta have the balance but er well i mean you can ' t give up everything can you? i had a
103. the pasta drain it not train it huh? drain it not train it that was more patronising the pasta wasn ' t it? it ' s mm? oh you were draining the pasta ' s energy? i was i was trying to drain the we ' re gonna eat it it needs as much energy as we can er okay well i should hang on are you stirring? i hope this turns out alright
104. pasta wasn ' t it? it ' s mm? oh you were draining the pasta ' s energy? i was i was trying to drain the we ' re gonna eat it it needs as much energy as we can er okay well i should hang on are you stirring? i hope this turns out alright well what ' s the opposite of? like that? momotivate the pasta come on you '
105. to start my protein shakes again i ' ve still got loads of them so i suppose and they are really good to have before the gym aren ' t they? cos they do give you that energy boost and then you just hmm you just hammer it hmm it ' s really what you want yeah he said you ' ve got to do it until you feel sick and i was like ha ha ha do
106. erm wisdom you drink coke you feel but weweirdly cos it ' s kind of an odd sugary drink but it ' s just er something settling about it and it gives you energy we went to some nice places with ' s family it was really nice we should be bringing ' s here he would like it not the queen ' s head no the queen ' s head is lovely in
108. s a quitter though isn ' t she? she kind of like doesn ' t yeah anything that seems like too much trouble it was kind of yeah oh that that will take far too much much energy and effort so let ' s not not bother with that oh god mm but the yeah the irony is if she ' d said yes of course give it a try you might have decided well that ' s
114. get fresh air like she just doesn ' t go away really? sometimes she ' ll go out but then she ' s like dead for two days after tut oh cos it takes all your energy it ' s really har yeah my cousin had it for a while yeah it ' s bad so anything that goes on in that house you get over it? mm? you get over it? yeah
115. was like oh okay then and then she was like well maybe he ' s only like bigger because whereas like gets to lie on the floor and like kick his arms and legs about and use all his energy up he can ' t here can he cos of the dogs? and i was thinking so what are you basically saying he ' s like fat and lazy then just cos of dogs? oh god
116. dogs? oh god and i was thinking erm he no i don ' t think can you even over feed a child that much? no i said he has what he has and he uses more energy by like trying to sit up like than like we ' ll like stand like holding him and sort of mm standing him up and that like so he ' s gonna he uses energy have like yeah i know
118. th until saturday evening mm so that ' s ththat and so the reason i felt buoyed at the start of yesterday when i we when i went to work and i had lots of energy was because i was re this is what i think was going on in my head is i was reassured that you ' re okay and i thought thank god she seems alright that ' s what mm that '
119. s a couple of girls eat it on nights on tour it ' s supposed to be good for you isn ' t it? it ' s fattening mm it ' s high protein though high energy isn ' t it? mm not for me i still wanna try a peanut and jam sandwich mm that ' s what made me wallop was it? yeah not nice your grandad had this idea that
121. you doing? are you not gonna be sick? no you ' re not going to be sick? i think he will be no not going to be sick are you gonna roll? burn off some energy on i like shush i want to are you doing the table? i want you to hold me can you do this? i ' ll show you something can you can you do this really? yeah
124. i hear he ' s like two little boys i haven ' t spent any time with them i ' ve stuff like that but from waking up to going to bed he has a lot a lot of energy right a lot of energy yeah and i guess i was like that too apparently wasn ' t so right that is a lot of work i don ' t remember you being that bad to be fair no?
125. like two little boys i haven ' t spent any time with them i ' ve stuff like that but from waking up to going to bed he has a lot a lot of energy right a lot of energy yeah and i guess i was like that too apparently wasn ' t so right that is a lot of work i don ' t remember you being that bad to be fair no? but i would imagine i
126. to america to germany to you know everywhere they had any miniscule hope of you know curing it and it ' s costly as well yeah it must have it must have cost a lot of energy concentration health money aw how long did that go on for? a couple of years cos they thought it had cleared up or at least stabilised and then it kept going aw and the kid and the
130. you want some dip? there ' s soy and mm and the other one thank you erm yeah no it ' s better for your sleeping if you mm yummy get up early and use your energy up mm it ' s very nice you ' ll feel more erm benefit mm if you get up in the morning and you know are walking somewhere or doing you know the planning part of your exercise routine
131. late and sleep in does he? mm mm see i prefer to do the at do it the other way i prefer to go to bed early and get up early and do i ' ve got more energy in the morning than i have you know during the by the end of the day mm i quite like to get up and get going not not every day but most days i think otherwise you ' re when
132. have snacks he doesn ' t have snacks doesn ' t drink either he ' s always been very thin well so have i but look what happened to me mm he burns off a huge amount of nervous energy i feel mm yeah that can be a reason can ' t it? just people who have a lot of anxiety of nervousness mm he ' s very prompt isn ' t he? he ' s always
133. pure maca root? yeah that ' s just that ' s just the powder in a tablet this is organic five hundred milligrams here it is mum helps reduce menopause symptoms increases energy and vitality promotes healthy sexual function provides not that that will you ' ll need that well i mean natural nutritional support before during and after menopause what? what do you mean? what? oh
134. really expensive mm oh capsule six ninety - five oh is that on the first one jurassic retailers limited? yeah i know yeah mate saving provide six percent carbs protein ingredients oh it says it increases your energy levels yeah apparently but it says here it contains erm glucosinolates which may reduce your production of thyroid hormone which would decrease your energy yeah but isn ' t having an overactive thyroid also
135. carbs protein ingredients oh it says it increases your energy levels yeah apparently but it says here it contains erm glucosinolates which may reduce your production of thyroid hormone which would decrease your energy yeah but isn ' t having an overactive thyroid also bad? yeah but if got a normal thyroid normal and it reduces the levels yeah i don ' t know i don ' t know oh apparently it
136. do not take maca late in the day as it can give you too much oh no i ' ve just taken one and i ' m just about to go to bed can give you too much energy when trying to unwind and may affect sleep patterns ah so that ' s why you couldn ' t sleep yesterday possibly yeah cos i took it yesterday morning as well yeah well no at least now you
137. er consultants or advisers we end up l spending a lot of our time thinking and talking about cvs um for people who are actually applying for jobs so um they consume a lot of our time and energy um and they ' re something that we know a lot about but also probably drive us mad on occasion yeah s i would agree at the end of the day they are the number one query if we had
151. last place to manifest so that ' s a lot of clearing out on the inside mm that ' s yeah you know now a lot more readable on the outside yeah and i had like so much energy to do it i think cos i was just good inside i was going a bit stir crazy but yeah yeah so it ' s it needs ano er there ' s just dust and dirt and hair
152. really like the job they were doing anyway and probably better off out of it quite frankly and then and so i brought in very passionate people who loved what they were doing loved the team and brought that energy to the table which was wonderful but anyway yeah so i used to do a lot of shortlisting usually with a bottle of wine of an evening erm but you do get a feel for it and
153. thyroid was fine oh that ' s something to look forward to then i know i can ' t rem i can ' t honestly really? remember the last time i felt like i ' ve got energy and enthusiasm to do anything because constantly everything i do is kind of like a battle oh god not a battle that ' s probably extreme erm an effort an effort really? oh yeah yeah so shsh
154. and cook no n oh no no no you can she just can ' t jump up to you erm gotta cook cook and like it ' s all like oh i haven ' t even got the energy to go and put the meal on the table so doing that really? oh god yeah oh that ' s terrible i know it ' s not right is it? no i don ' t think that '
155. just enjoy my potato mm oh my god i think i ' ve eaten it so quickly i ' m like stuffed it ' s a lovely dinner mm i think it good it is yeah just need the energy to kick in mm it ' s warm in here don ' t eat like that please i really enjoyed waking up at six this morning you can ' t help it can you your body ' s and it
156. oh well yeah at least if he smashes his head against something we ' ve got proves that he hasn ' t been beaten up yeah it was an accident yeah but i remember i had that much energy when i was younger but yeah mum was saying earlier wasn ' t she that yeah that a bit like that where does it go? i have no idea i was saying that perhaps we ' re feeding him
157. on bordering on sort of being a bit unconuncontrollable yeah pain in the arse yeah well my mum says that no you weren ' t like that at all you had lots energy or whatever but you used to play football and and run around and stuff but it ' s definitely harder having boys i think than having girls yeah seems to be at least when you ' re younger i think
160. the sense obviously people are still human there are still the same kind of human characteristics but in terms of geopolitically like mm if you didn ' t if everybody could have as much food and energy as they want as much stuff as they had well then you wouldn ' t have to fight over those things yeah and then you could like you know? devote your time to more purer pursuits and but
161. a really hard time and then about five minutes in she ' s asleep in her chair and so we ' re all nudging each other going after all that fuss asleep she ' d spent her energy on the wrong snowman yeah she ' s gone yeah ah bless her heart and she was the one nanny was the one who really had to see the snowman like the rest of us you know we
165. it funny not that funny it ' s hard to describe sort of a gig but also a hippie sing - along there ' s chanting that ' s such a weird message to say bring lots of energy and open lungs yeah cos they must be having to chant along of course but i mean it ' s like i thought we ' d be like going for a run they ' d be going for a
166. that shouldn ' t make any difference here ' s the park oh really? that ' s what that ' s what they said what ' s that? sugar sugary drinks don ' t give kids energy bullcrap it ' s bullcrap no he said they don ' t make them hyper is what they said i mean they fill them with aspartame and yeah flavourings colourings sugar
167. the neighbours ' windows or i broke my arm or i cut my head open numerous times or get done by the police or whatever got that to look forward to we just have to try and burn his energy out most of the time right don ' t we? if you ' re thinking there ' s a little playground two and a half hours yeah that ' s some there oh i think sometimes yeah it '
168. and then we got down to it ' s it ' s when he ' s had a build up and he ' s been caged in a bit yeah and he needs to get his exercise and energy out got down to malao about midday and then he slept until about half past eight in the morning so that was worked really well and i was worried how we were gonna be cos i hadn '
170. ##r straight into the palm of my hand oh i know i def we ' re definitely starting to see the appeal of building your own place yeah it ' s just a lot of you invest so much energy in trying to make that work yeah like everybody like there ' s always shots of them like halfway through the build where like nothing ' s quite going right and they all look so deflated do you know
173. poor kids have been slaving away since dawn i know in my yeah in all of my first lessons i was like please eat i ' d rather you eat and you have a bit more yeah energy to concentrate exactly than you ' re like dozing off at the back and drink lots of water yeah i think they ' re all camels i think everybody in poland is bred to be a camel yep
178. oh so your body used the more yeah so your body was using more energy just to keep warm you know it was it was cooler and you walked children played and walked and ran around everyone used more energy that ' s true we ' re talking about making it sound as if it ' s victorian er? it sounds as if it ' s victorian the era i know that ' s what i was i saying
179. for like five days and just fucks all the lady mice and they ' ve got this video of it and it ' s in like time lapse and it just like it just runs out of energy and its hair starts falls out cos it ' s like so tired and it gets like really scrawny and it ' s just fucking for like five days that ' s like no and then it
180. ##ags when they do it they don ' t eat for the whole thing and they have like a harem and they have to defend it from other stags so they have to sort of all their energy is spent on fighting and and having sex with the deer so they don ' t eat they don ' t eat and so it ' s as the time goes on it it ' ll get more and they
181. ' t it? was it? no goats goats yeah yeah erm his comment was that the fact that they spent all their time chasing goats that was their entire life and they had no time or energy left for anything other than survival he was trying to prove wasn ' t he? that the following step was to settle in erm stable communities develop agriculture develop a way of living without following yeah exactly because
182. ' t pitch there cos it was their pitch yeah it was like looking for a post - it note in a national park literally and but we did actually get there after expending too much energy but we did yeah and we got up yeah got up the hill and it was it was a knackering cos it ' s a hi it was a hike to camp the campground wasn ' t
183. i lost a lot of well yeah weight from walking to and from school and cos i don ' t walk any more i ' m on the bike yeah yeah you ' re actually yeah using less energy you should maybe ride a bit quicker make it a bit more er vigorous yeah raise your heart rate a bit cos otherwise it ' s like walking but you get there quicker yeah you know i and i
184. it ' s the er she ' s put it all on herself and i i cared for her a lot when i was when i was younger mm i i that ' s where a lot of my energy was when i was younger was looking after my mum yeah she was a complete fuck up and i don ' t i don ' t i ' ve got my own family now i don ' t wanna yeah
185. was saying stuff that he ' s never told me and i ' m a bit pissed off with him to be honest cos i i thought he he ' s he ' s been milking my energy well you were pissed off with him anyway why what did she say? yeah well he he ' s got no money yeah i know but he has got money really? he ' s got two houses in
186. yes that sort of thing mm mm i don ' t i don ' t know no and i think i need to eat more that ' s the thing just cutting down is not necessarily good and more energy and and more incentive to want to do things yes mm so i don ' t think it ' s all good what they ' re saying depends on the individual doesn ' t it? with all these things
190. ' t fucking believe it what the bank holiday? i know chuck hmm? hmm oh i can swim anyway yeah i would throw yourself into that because i think you ' ve got a lot of excess energy yes yeah? so throw yourself into your swimming and your weights yeah? yeah upper body weights yeah up though actually i could do some upper body isolation so i mean press ups are fine chin ups are fine
197. erm sort of vegetarian meat you know sosausage vegetarian sausages mm yeah yeah and things like that but i ' m gonna how much effort goes into producing that? is it a very energy intensive process to well move from a soya bean mm to something that looks like a sausage they didn ' t look at that they when when they were looking at the environment they were mostly looking at they
198. it but i ' ve been given my orders have i? yeah absolutely yeah you ' re walking yeah i am working you ' re just ea you ' ve got to rereresupply your energy reserves well that ' s right yeah yeah i reckon i have after all these calories have burnt off trying to yeah i seem to recall we had breakfast i was cold then yeah i hadn ' t had
199. workout it was somebody called she does quite a lot of erm classes oh right i don ' t i didn ' t like having to keep myself sort of relatively inactive in the morning to conserve my energy for the afternoon oh right cos i do have limited energy yes i well we all do when we get older yes i mean we all do yeah so this one is fine it ' s at ten well
200. ##m classes oh right i don ' t i didn ' t like having to keep myself sort of relatively inactive in the morning to conserve my energy for the afternoon oh right cos i do have limited energy yes i well we all do when we get older yes i mean we all do yeah so this one is fine it ' s at ten well you know ten o ' clock on a friday yeah ten o
201. be hard to get back into it so totally you can see how people just get stuck in a rut with it can ' t you? mm oh yeah and then they ' ve not got the energy to go out and find and job no even if they could do yeah exactly exactly so it ' s an endless cycle isn ' t it? mm mm let ' s see what we find today yes see
205. truth mm and it ' s what you ' re saying is no like depends how many calories you ' re eating now fat is highly calorific so you ' re getting a lot of energy for what you ' re eating but thththe thing is sugar is really what causes people to be fat and they think that like erm sugar is very acidic i think and there was that theory that
206. i don ' t give a shit what we eat we don ' t talk about it mm whatever it is just i feel that ' s well you should take chocolate cos it ' s full of energy yeah yeah we take nuts and chocolate and cheese mm and that kind of stuff and it ' s like it ' s good for when we ' re hiking i don ' t give a shit about it because
211. it ' s like people like us having a good time it ' s not but to like to like they have that song you know parla americano yeah the first ten minutes are really fantastic high energy but once once the m the and he ' s like sixty yeah ancient comes on oh yeah yeah that ' s really boring then it ' s all over yeah but it is we can watch it on the
212. to you the other day that something changed something clicked in me a few days ago and i feel like a whole different person and that ' s carrying on and i really do i ' m getting more energy now i ' m starting to feel really good and i wonder if part of that is detoxing mm mm yeah well yes and what ' s the date today? it ' s like what the twenty
213. out for a walk you can get to the gym yeah your days are so much longer because erm you are not i don ' t know lying in bed hungover or you ' ve got the energy to get up in the morning yeah yeah yeah you can enjoy the daylight enjoy the fresh air go out for a day trip yeah and we ' ve done we ' ve done so much i mean i '
214. they did mm all the pressure points and i ' ve not had a whoosh really? since a walked out and the ringing ' s down already so i ' ve bought well you seem full of energy i have bought compared to hey well i ' m excited cos this is like this is like an amazing thing yeah well if this works for you that ' ll be life changing yeah yeah i ' m
216. s amazing yeah but yeah public school systems avoid that if possible see underneath there deal with children too much no i ' d rather deal with adults wherever possible yeah definitely children need a lot of attention and energy i don ' t think definitely in korea that it was getting delivered and i ' m sure in an english class or an american classroom there ' s too many children to one teacher absolutely there ' s not
217. at doing erm like stopping the flow i find that stress syllables well maybe start with that or i can ' t because i always start with them getting their homework out and discussing articles to get the energy pumping around the class finish with it well finish with it then the energy pumping around the class? are you kidding me? what? what do you do to your class? oh mine mine are just what
218. maybe start with that or i can ' t because i always start with them getting their homework out and discussing articles to get the energy pumping around the class finish with it well finish with it then the energy pumping around the class? are you kidding me? what? what do you do to your class? oh mine mine are just what do you mean? it ' s elsac yeah but mine mine just
221. s the seventh do you understand these? look what ' s the? yeah you can yeah mm that ' s okay but generally i wouldn ' t erm do you understand these though? mm your energy mm calories and things do you know how many calories you need a day? two thousand for an average younger person really? i thought it was like i thought it was less i ' m pretty
222. earlier but it was that the mind set a bit weird but it ' s like a lot of the stuff that they ' ve been at the hospital is kind of like stuff that saps you of energy but also gives you energy at the same time? so it ' s like seeing a friend yeah seeing friends saps your can drain energy yeah yeah but seeing them being normal and being like happy and having
224. the hospital is kind of like stuff that saps you of energy but also gives you energy at the same time? so it ' s like seeing a friend yeah seeing friends saps your can drain energy yeah yeah but seeing them being normal and being like happy and having a great time yeah it ' s giving you an energy boost yeah yeah so it ' s that kind of and it ' s that kind
225. it ' s like seeing a friend yeah seeing friends saps your can drain energy yeah yeah but seeing them being normal and being like happy and having a great time yeah it ' s giving you an energy boost yeah yeah so it ' s that kind of and it ' s that kind of thing where i was like you know like you and okay like how are you feeling like you know i don ' t
226. not actually around by the twelfth of december so that might she might have gone to lapland to go to lapland so going to lapland on the twenty - second yeah save some money and some energy and not yeah er it ' s it is manic christmas parties and yeah it ' ll be nice to see like i haven ' t seen in age well i saw i caught up with when he came
229. week yeah when you ' ve got a cold it ' s not mm it makes you feel very low yeah which is the worst thing isn ' t it? you know you ' ve gotta keep your energy up so they tell you yeah oh you should eat lots drink lots but mm you just don ' t want to that ' s right i didn ' t cook myself any dinner yesterday i just was so tired
230. ##s i ' d been living off three hours sleep for two months mm nightmare you can ' t really function properly off that especially when you ' re looking after kids cos kids just suck so much energy out of you don ' t they they and then just take your eye off them you you with all kinds of work there always ends up being the one kind of person who seems very incompetent
231. s cos it is it ' s fresh air and that ' s so much of our economy is based on that yeah it ' s such a shame but when it becomes a crying shame when our energy and our income a hard earned income is having to be spent on something somebody has plucked out of the air mm yeah which doesn ' t exist you know? i ' m paying my insurance for this that
233. the house and i hadn ' t like i ' m just going to shut that i hadn ' t like watched tv had a shower or anything and my mum and dad don ' t really use much energy by the time i got downstairs at ten in the morning my dad had had the grill on and it just cooks so it ' s going making this noise and it was like yeah like you ' ve used
236. it ' s what birds do isn ' t it? and ttalk to the other talk to the baby in the mirror? yeah could do i suppose i d i she ' s full of energy isn ' t she? yeah could do some wee yeah so i was gonna go and get that high chair but yeah we thought we would be n i was so excited well i could still go and get
238. as an example mm like i just i don ' t hold grudges no i you ' re not a bitter person i i can ' t like i physically can ' t it takes too much energy yeah like i just don ' t have time for it and y and the thing is you ' ve taught me that like and i ' ve i ' ve always told you that as well it ' s
239. fit bite bracelets? cos dad doesn ' t wanna fitbit fitbit what ' s a fitbit? you have a like a bracelet round your wrist and it tells you like how much energy you ' ve used or how much activity you ' ve done a day but you ' ve gotta have but haven ' t you gotta have a posh phone for that? no i don ' t think
240. for that? no i don ' t think so doesn ' t it have to connect? but it does link to a website where it records how much you ' ve done and yeah er like your energy levels oh you want to be competi yeah does that they they nearly killed him last week they ha they keep taking him on these he has to put his wellies on to go for walks they
241. and i told him yeah i told him i ' ll be you know more than happy to help out yeah give you something to occupy yourself mm and actually probably be very good for you because using physical energy makes you tired and sleep well mm well in theory i thought that that would be the case erm the day before yesterday yesterday? no it was on sunday oh yeah you know when we did did all
249. hungry when i don ' t eat i haven ' t felt hungry for years yeah not years but i eat because it ' s the time to eat mm or because i ' m a bit low on energy maybe or because you know i like food but er i er i don ' t feel hungry very often no don ' t know i ' m not thinner you are as skinny as a rake i wish i
250. re silly you ' re silly oh okay you ' re sillier yeah i don ' t know what it is i just don ' t feel right these days like er a funny funny levels of energy and i ' d be happy yeah with any energy yeah and i think oh well you honestly you ' re doing amazingly i can ' t believe after everything you ' ve had you know health wise you '
251. re sillier yeah i don ' t know what it is i just don ' t feel right these days like er a funny funny levels of energy and i ' d be happy yeah with any energy yeah and i think oh well you honestly you ' re doing amazingly i can ' t believe after everything you ' ve had you know health wise you ' re still you know going for it honestly you don
252. were chatting about it last year weren ' t they? when there was all the independence stuff yeah yes they were but didn ' t you take it in? no definitely didn ' t lot of wasted energy wasn ' t it? all of that no he was crowned on in sixteen 0 three actually oh so act of union scotland erm and england it was seventeen 0 seven wasn ' t it? was it
253. cancer sufferers they ' ll have like massage clinics and things like that which are just sort of okay bringing together kind of different groups of people to sort of it ' s all positive help share positive energy and therapy and stuff that you don ' t get on the nhs see i don ' t really understand i don ' t know how much the winnings are nowadays on the lottery but let ' s say
256. yeah oh like the day fo like i was absolutely shattered last night and i got got back to ' s house at like half ten and like his parents wanted to talk and i just had no energy i was just like absolutely shattered and i was just like oh i just really wanna oh so that ' s not been very fun and it ' s annoying like i enjoy my job but it ' s not
257. just the feeling of wanting to go to bed when everyone else was getting up and vice versa it was i felt like all the bone marrow had been drained from my oh really? bones i had no energy i just felt completely washed out oh wow so by the time i ' d er r recovered it was enjoy it and it ' s time to come back again exactly mm so i just thought mm huh no
258. people do you? yeah i wish people talked about what they cooked more really cos i think it would be useful yeah i do love to cook but i don ' t really have enough time or energy i like to cook if i ' ve got the time it ' s it ' s the same thing really isn ' t it you know? well tend to spend spend so much time just rushing in and
260. but i just thought cos you were a techy that you ' d probably email a lot yeah i i to people i do but i think since has come along yeah that takes my emailing energy yes and i don ' t tend to yeah i mean i email actually she emails me erm prprobably email about once a month or something like that but cos i i know i kind
261. that erm some pepper or some carrot or something raisins i ' m pretty sure that nuts take like three hours to digest so you ' re probably like oh i ' m hungry need some energy i ' ll eat some nuts oh i find nuts are pretty good actually yeah? they ' re good for just a continual energy cos you just like keep munching on them but they ' re
262. digest so you ' re probably like oh i ' m hungry need some energy i ' ll eat some nuts oh i find nuts are pretty good actually yeah? they ' re good for just a continual energy cos you just like keep munching on them but they ' re pretty high in fat and protein i know but those are the things that take forever to digest and get into your blood yeah but
263. i mean fucking inuits or whatever are probably like even have high fat diet oh they have barely any carbs they ' re like yeah it ' s just blubber yeah but they get all their energy from the fat though don ' t they are they fat? no they just wear big pants and shit yeah yeah that is a find like you need fat you just need it in a healthy amount i like
267. of this person on youtube who is on a raw f plant - based sort of vegan diet er and her body there ' s not a scrap of fat on it yeah and she has so much energy but i just ins i don ' t know but you ' re living in poland yeah i think not a scrap of fat would be a real problem uhu yeah she lives in australia this girl yeah so
268. think not a scrap of fat would be a real problem uhu yeah she lives in australia this girl yeah so she ' s yeah my friend in australia she ' s raw vegan and bursting with energy mm and i ate pretty much raw when i was there apart from a few meals but then it was the height of summer and forty degrees yeah but it i felt fantastic on it you know mm juicing
269. get to work on on the mornings i get the train even though i ' ve left probably for work about forty minutes earlier than i would be car i ' m actuall i ' ve got more energy by the time i get to work and then yeah coming home like i ' ve got plenty of energy when i get home to do stuff okay if that ' s what you wanna do that ' s what
270. about forty minutes earlier than i would be car i ' m actuall i ' ve got more energy by the time i get to work and then yeah coming home like i ' ve got plenty of energy when i get home to do stuff okay if that ' s what you wanna do that ' s what you ' ll do and the way i see it like that you need if you need to take the
271. and we might have to yeah he ' s had a wash yeah that ' s true i ' ve never known a bug get so much attention got five humans say you ' re mm he had no energy though we put him on a new yeah i think maybe dry him out dry him out a little bit i think he needs shade though it ' s so hot yeah has anyone got one of those one of
272. d ' ve bought it wouldn ' t we in our current form? i dunno i dunno he just oh that ' s frustrating u he said he didn ' t know whether he had the energy to take it through a small claims court and i said well that ' s what they bank on well you ' re saying this from ex from experience? well no because i am the same people don '
273. a small claims court and i said well that ' s what they bank on well you ' re saying this from ex from experience? well no because i am the same people don ' t have the energy or the inclination or the you kn oh god you know for a few hundred quid or whatever so is the corsa drivable again? yeah i think so yeah i think so how ' s
276. i wish i could do it for them but i just don ' t feel like i can even do that yeah cos you just i dunno you just don ' t feel like you have the energy do you? it ' s not oh yeah do you know how i found? like it feels a bit like? you know is it the right word like receptors like when you know you have like something
282. tired? you ' ve been off all week i ' m always tired i thought you ' d feel more relaxed now you know maybe you need to get out and do some exercise? it gives you energy i don ' t think so it ' s cos you ' re indoors all day i ' m not am i? i always go outside do you? not always whenever i ask you occasionally sitting in
283. sure there ' s a there must be a run closer cos like they say she only wants to do it for two minutes she ' s worn out then mm it ' s a short burst of energy isn ' t it? gets about she doesn ' t s spend er they have half an hour don ' t they the run? is that what they have? some or an hour or something? something
284. many carbs mm so if i eat less carbs i won ' t be as strong mm so i dunno i thought carbs erm turned to sugar mm and erm form glucose for energy mm so they ' re less about strength more about energy whereas protein amino acid ' s more about building muscle strength mm no energy well i suppose the energy to do the lifting yeah erm whereas my previous
285. i won ' t be as strong mm so i dunno i thought carbs erm turned to sugar mm and erm form glucose for energy mm so they ' re less about strength more about energy whereas protein amino acid ' s more about building muscle strength mm no energy well i suppose the energy to do the lifting yeah erm whereas my previous trainer was just like no you ' re nnot eating
286. carbs erm turned to sugar mm and erm form glucose for energy mm so they ' re less about strength more about energy whereas protein amino acid ' s more about building muscle strength mm no energy well i suppose the energy to do the lifting yeah erm whereas my previous trainer was just like no you ' re nnot eating enough you need to eat at least another sort of packet of rice on
294. or it you know i don ' t have the authority to sort of battle against twelve eighteen - year - olds i just don ' t have it yeah erm maybe you don ' t have the energy either i don ' t yeah sometimes yeah yeah and it ' s difficult as well once a class dynamic has been established like that mm and the stronger people have been you know cast in their roles as it
295. got a new partner and they ' re moving around and they ' re moving yeah and they just do you know like one lap of the classroom and then sit back down i know but it shifts the energy yeah so it ' s good and it ' s that ' s the only way i can think of doing it and when i started doing this i did it with every class when they sort of went round
296. get home from work absolutely she can ' t even unload the dishwasher i don ' t wanna do anything that will come with going to the gym though cos you would fi get more energy i hope so you ' d find that you just do it yeah zumba ' s been helping like i feel like i ' ve got loads more energy already with it erm yeah you you ' re
297. gym though cos you would fi get more energy i hope so you ' d find that you just do it yeah zumba ' s been helping like i feel like i ' ve got loads more energy already with it erm yeah you you ' re really giddy when you come back from zumba yeah like ready to get back into it like hyped up properly i wanna get like strong like
298. s not junk food cos your mum was telling me the other day that he was just eating vegetables at the moment yes that ' s not very good well no because he needs a huge amount of energy for his biking yes exercise and that ' s right it won ' t all come from i don ' t know veggies no no it won ' t well one of the best things your dad is
300. ' ll keep you full yeah for much much longer than toast or cereal cereal ' s the worst thing cos it ' s so light gone yeah and you ' ve got you ' ve got no energy after an hour or so yes or cooked breakfast my father used to love his porridge in the morning did he? what? then it ' s full english yeah full english oh yeah bacon eggs yeah i
301. biarritz no gonna make a cracking recording this it ' s gonna be just laughing at us mr amstell has left the comedian simon amstell has left asia this has killed the energy in the room quite i must say well absolutely killed it i really think you should be getting some of these mr zero points south east asia s mr am saigon saigon it ' s a good clue it '
304. ' ve seen those drinks of spinach that i have? yeah i mean that ' s but if you eat raw vegetables that ' s the best thing you can eat mm it gives you so much energy mm it ' s almost like your body ' s saying oh thank you at last it is yes i ' ve got some good things to nourish on it is yeah that ' s right isn '
305. what flats are like in that circular tower mm very nice i would imagine i ' ll probably be knackered out for the whole week after this walk either that or i ' ll be filled with energy and inspiration i did suggest we pack a sandwich yeah wouldn ' t mind walking along that bit so the thing is we could walk to ' s place couldn ' t we? yeah cos that would we
306. not like it ' s a yeah a long long day yeah no it ' s just silly i said they need you know they need some carbs they need healthy food mm you know to replace their energy yeah with vitamins in it yeah they don ' t need pasta with chips and bread naan bread which is what they serve yeah man alive um and apparently the gm went back to and said well tu
307. or some yeah okay one word of advice can you cos you ' re quite good at putting your whole enthusiasm in just don ' t do it so like fervently keep some of your energy back cos if he ' s asking you to do loads and loads just like if you ' re doing press - ups don ' t do it with your full kind of strength just do it with a
314. great to know that you do have some control over it well you have a choice if you if you ' re you ' ve got a choice if you ' re prepared to put the time and the energy in mm you you can yeah to a certain extent erm uhu it is to an extent but you can actually feel better for it you can feel younger and feel better just healthier or whatever it
315. ' s not hot no it ' s tasty the hottest thing is this one oh i ' ll take that okay yeah i dunno i ' m not sure if i ' m gonna have the energy to wash that the stuff today mm what about this one? oh this looks good it ' s the same as if you go on groups they say they say lol this is the one that ' s
316. end up having to do stuff you don ' t want to do i mean actually stuff that ' s probably bad for you in fact cos if you ' re meant to pace yourself because of your energy levels and all sorts for example if you ' ve got me or something so look darling if we crossed the river there ' s probably some of those weird like pontoon dock where the dlr stops hold
317. don ' t think these no it would be pretty exhausting but you could i ' d love to climb that ladder you ' d probably spend the money on food that you ' d need for the energy the money you ' d save up to twe two hundred pounds a month probably how much is your travel card? about a hundred and eighty isn ' t it? one seven six well it ' s
318. video is just a way to convey information it ' s what you do with the video and the learning that goes around it that surrounds it that takes place that ' s where you need to put your energy she said i ' ve tried talking to you know people up the top about this and they ' re not interested she said but one thing i do know is that eventually the students will vote with their feet

Cluster 2
0. yeah but this can be like every number between one and zero at the same time te cos each electron has a quantum number yeah which is defined by its charge erm its eh position its eh energy level yeah yeah and eh its spin and you can measure all of them at once it ' s like so if it if it has if it has ten different spins that means it ' s effectively ten different
6. do you mean? i don ' t really did you say you drank red bull? no i ' ve never drank red bull yeah you know you mustn ' t drink those kind of drinks those energy drinks okay? because erm i saw something about people whose kids have got quite ill because of it okay because it ' s got so much caffeine in for a young person so you make sure
12. i think you would throw things at the tv like this is shit i would be like what is this? why is there a pro what is this advert? oh it ' s for edf energy isn ' t it? or for some type of energy isn ' t it? can i can i just watch it? yeah of course yeah it ' s the monkey isn ' t it? with energy
13. is shit i would be like what is this? why is there a pro what is this advert? oh it ' s for edf energy isn ' t it? or for some type of energy isn ' t it? can i can i just watch it? yeah of course yeah it ' s the monkey isn ' t it? with energy i think oh creepy hair ah is that a gorilla?
18. town if you own swalec like yeah ththey advertise at they provide oh is a stadium? all the gas to everything erm well so it ' s it ' s an energy company oh right oh of course it is sorry for a minute there i thought that was like the name of that group within the university that we went to the lecture on hamlet for and i was like great
25. as well oh yeah we bought jagermeister of course jagermeister ' s taste jagjagermeister ' s good you know what? cos i put it in the er with the energy drinks i don ' t remember what it tastes like the jager bombs no it ' s good when i had it at the christmas party isn ' t it like herbal shit? it ' s no no
26. to make drinks not shitty drinks not like some like this one yeah i think it really impresses girls if you ' re like like taking a girl back to your place and then giving her some shitty energy drink concoction or some fucking whisky and coke it ' s just so shit but if you can make this it ' s probably really easy to find online yeah they ' re not even hard there was
27. isn ' t it? but we didn ' t have any yeah but it was great wasn ' t it? that ' s probably a really smart move in their part cos it ' s all energy efficiency isn ' t it? that ' s right that ' s right that ' s what it ' s all about isn ' t it? so erm i ' m just looking and it ' s
29. there you go babe does it have the erm what ' s it called? what your car has you know when you stop at traffic lights? stop - start yeah yeah well i wonder how much energy that saves or it ' s supposed to save fuel takes a bit of getting used to though what ' s your favourite place so far? do you think it ' s down here? i think it might
36. so you make things happen i thought it was all about engines innit? engineering itself is not all about engines so there ' s a lot of different fields of engineering? well i ' m in energy he ' s in manufacturing transport pharmaceutical biomechanical engineering oh right it ' s a broad remit there ' s like loads of different institutions you ' ve got the imeche the icheme institute
37. think what else th there ' s a lot of thermodynamics which is so you ' ve got like a fluid like water is used a lot in a power station for example to transmit energy and make electricity so there ' s a lot of mechanical engineering involved in that mm and the things that carry the water and what not mm very intriguing and do you use did you do a masters in that
44. building yeah which means a f lower percentage of people get window space i i guess if er yeah but if it ' s wider and shorter then yeah the idea would be to basically make it all new energy - efficient et cetera et cetera yeah and it would be they ' d add a floor on the top and they ' d fill in the ground floor which is currently cos the building ' s
45. new fancy building everybody ' d fit in one building we only have to pay one rent yeah even though that rent would be then higher because it ' s higher value yeah but and then of course the energy savings and stuff yeah if it ' s er you know all jazzy and shiny and new would yeah presumably it ' s gonna save money in the long run yeah um the md was saying um people people
46. superb i love that we ' re the same temperature great really chilly know what i mean i know what you mean yes we ' ve got markedly different thermal capacities so therefore we contain different amounts of stored energy yeah oh my goodness it was a bit unfortunate um i dunno twighlight ' s just funny oh it ' s such a good idea get in touch with and go and see it with him
56. the moment they haven ' t chosen anybody yet but we ' ve got a singapore asset firm erm we ' ve got erm who else have we got? we ' ve got er edf energy de france oh yeah which was owned by the french state thathat ' s french isn ' t it? mm we ' ve got one which is a bit surprising is the erm i think it was
58. ? we do well it ' s there are some nuclear plants in this country i are there? i think it ' s approximately oh twelve to fifteen percent mm is nuclear oh is it? of our energy it ' s i didn ' t think we had any oh right and don ' t forget you ' ve both been in one haven ' t you? dungeness dungeness yes mm and they
61. cosmetics cos on cosmetics adverts you see fake eyelashes and stuff come out with all sorts of rubbish on make - up adverts yeah the eu have banned certain hoovers cos their energy consumption yeah you can ' t have a certain wattage of yeah hoover and now they ' re thinking of bringing it in with hair - dryers and stuff like that was it your mum saying that like
62. hair - dryers and stuff like that was it your mum saying that like she was saying how you never think of it with hoover you just leave it running don ' t you like yeah yeah those energy saving things equivalent to leaving a tap on isn ' t it like even worse money just going down the drain yeah literally yeah but no i don ' t like like i think i think when you ' re
81. ##da yeah i really want to try that yeah yeah yeah no be amazing with vodka yeah it would taste really nice um yeah i also like vodka red bulls i don ' t i can ' t stand energy drinks red bull makes you feel sick no what ' s your drink of choice? rum and coke at the moment or that black thing oh the s er cider black that cider black i like cid
82. twenty yeah mm erm but i er well the other thing i mean i i happen to believe that solar panels on doing it on this basis is an absolutely nonsense way of er mm harnessing the energy from the sun i accept that a few years down the track that most of our energy is gonna come from there but it ain ' t gonna come through these solar panels mm erm and you know they
83. to believe that solar panels on doing it on this basis is an absolutely nonsense way of er mm harnessing the energy from the sun i accept that a few years down the track that most of our energy is gonna come from there but it ain ' t gonna come through these solar panels mm erm and you know they ' re building all these solar panels and then we ' ll have no land to er
84. ' t you hadn ' t got an internet i don ' t think had you? no look at it now the rate of change is enormous mm and you know as at the wedding on saturday about energy efficiency that yeah you will get some reduction with energy efficiency but all the other things coming along er the electricity is consumption ' s gonna go up we ' re electrifying half the railways at the minute
85. don ' t think had you? no look at it now the rate of change is enormous mm and you know as at the wedding on saturday about energy efficiency that yeah you will get some reduction with energy efficiency but all the other things coming along er the electricity is consumption ' s gonna go up we ' re electrifying half the railways at the minute mm and you need a lot of solar panels to
86. ' re the wind turbine er girl then are you? and er so it went on from there erm but then she started talking about solar panels and we ' ve gotta do something to cut our energy consumption down and i asked her how they were gonna do that er and then she said we ' ve gotta get another source for for our electricity and i said what ' s that? and she said well
93. yeah because we ' ll pay for it you know there ' s absolutely no problem there erm er and even before when we left to go to australia we were paying a little bit of rent for energy mostly yeah most of it ' s energy based but that when mum was alive and you know she was able to sort of cushion quite a lot of this but if your mum was alive she ' d be
94. you know there ' s absolutely no problem there erm er and even before when we left to go to australia we were paying a little bit of rent for energy mostly yeah most of it ' s energy based but that when mum was alive and you know she was able to sort of cushion quite a lot of this but if your mum was alive she ' d be just so happy to have you there well
95. mm if i had an electric cooker i mean even so it should be cheaper anyway i ' d be mugged up we figured putting on an appliance like a george foreman will cost less energy than heating up an entire cooker yeah even if they are both electric it takes what five minutes to heat it up yeah ten minutes to cook your whatever you can literally cook anything on it yeah it don
109. only come on for four hours and then it goes off again by itself can ' t be that lame i dunno there ' s like there ' s quite a lot of like research been done into energy behaviours about this kind of thing there ' s like a period of time when you ' ve got a new system or a new house that you get to know it and you try different things and stuff
110. you are saying yeah erm it it is saying the claim is based on the theory that the neurons erm in the brains of people with alzheimer ' s disease are unable to use glucose to produce energy properly and therefore starve and the theory is that coconut oil might act as an alternative energy source but there is not enough scientific evidence to know for sure whether this is the case erm and there is
111. the neurons erm in the brains of people with alzheimer ' s disease are unable to use glucose to produce energy properly and therefore starve and the theory is that coconut oil might act as an alternative energy source but there is not enough scientific evidence to know for sure whether this is the case erm and there is a clinical trial being conducted in the us oh it says the results of this clinical trial are
122. for the bottle no but they need to probably get a better system yeah part of my degree was on water and they talk about it being liquid gold and the new oil mm hm because i imagine free energy will be available and oil will be redundant in the coming decade or perhaps two erm but water is gonna be the resource already wars over water erm mm hm erm and still wars over oil but
123. and still wars over oil but those will be coming to a close but yeah wars over water that ' s erm hopefully gonna get knocked on the head i mean again as technology has developed and free energy should allow for free desalination so everybody should be able to access free water mm hm but i suppose what ' s made a difference is you know pepsi coke nestle danone all of those that
139. you get the medium priced one you ' re not hungry yet are you not? no and our washing machine we did a wash for one and a half hours and then it ' s got a good energy rate and it ' s like a plus plus mm or something and we checked the electricity after we did the wash and nothing went down out of it so it mustn ' t have been erm it
140. have use the solar you know raradiation to heat up water yeah which basically takes the edge off likes warms up your heating water yes erm so you have to use up a lot less energy to get it hot mm so say your heating water is by like standard ten degrees yeah and you can get it up to about twenty degrees using the solar panels oh yeah you you skip that energy to go
141. less energy to get it hot mm so say your heating water is by like standard ten degrees yeah and you can get it up to about twenty degrees using the solar panels oh yeah you you skip that energy to go from ten to twenty oh good i doubt is managing that in ireland i don ' t think it ' s been around that much no i don ' t i don ' t know but erm
142. okay monopolies existed since seventeen hundreds in i mean arguably they still do because yeah you have like oil and gas monopolies right right yeah yeah yeah that that in the end big six six energy companies yeah it ' s weird how none of their prices ever drop and they all move it up at the same time yeah i know i know that ' s just competition with allies though yeah no but that
143. ' ve cut my finger and i don ' t know how like a paper oh that was i ' m just curious about all your opinion but what do you think the way forward is for like the energy - wise? that ' s a big question well did i tell you the hospital has found a water source buried underneath? and like a culvert? mm a reservoir he said erm who told
144. is erm something to do with operations they ' ve found this water source so they ' re gonna by two thousand and just open that and eighteen we ' ll be self - sufficient for water and energy heating isn ' t it? yeah that ' s really good uhu what are they doing? they ' re like so hydropower or they ' ll have to treat the water yeah i understand that but
145. yeah that ' s really good uhu what are they doing? they ' re like so hydropower or they ' ll have to treat the water yeah i understand that but how are you gonna get energy from the reservoir? there you ' re putting erm you ' re putting turbines down ssolar panels and some kind of energy thithink about it solar panels in a reservoir? no we ' re
146. to treat the water yeah i understand that but how are you gonna get energy from the reservoir? there you ' re putting erm you ' re putting turbines down ssolar panels and some kind of energy thithink about it solar panels in a reservoir? no we ' re gonna have our own water source and energy for heating and electricity yeah i understand that but how where are you gonna get this energy
147. putting erm you ' re putting turbines down ssolar panels and some kind of energy thithink about it solar panels in a reservoir? no we ' re gonna have our own water source and energy for heating and electricity yeah i understand that but how where are you gonna get this energy from? that ' s what i ' m saying they ' re gonna use solar panels and some other it ' s
148. thithink about it solar panels in a reservoir? no we ' re gonna have our own water source and energy for heating and electricity yeah i understand that but how where are you gonna get this energy from? that ' s what i ' m saying they ' re gonna use solar panels and some other it ' s a really new machine that converts i imagine they ' ll pump the water through a yeah
149. through a yeah and then a turbine a turbine yeah and then use the solar power to heat it thank you i must say i think that nuclear is the way forward but what is? nuclear nuclear renewable energy sources aren ' t gonna be able to sustain our needs by themselves well they are if we reduce our needs eh? they are if we if we reduce our needs yeah well we ' re not it '
150. with that so i think the idea is is not to put all your eggs in one basket isn ' t it? mm an idiom exactly can we have the crisps please? the amount of energy that nuclear power produces and if it ' s controlled yeah but what happens if something goes wrong and that ' s the uk gone? that ' s why it has to be controlled that ' s why it
158. post - scarcity model like at the moment everyone ' s fighting over resources and things because resources are kind of getting scarce you need to get to a stage where you ' ve got basically abundant cheap energy cos once you ' ve abundant cheap energy then you can grow loads like then you start moving out of a scarcity model into a post - scarcity model where everyone ' s attitude begins to change
159. everyone ' s fighting over resources and things because resources are kind of getting scarce you need to get to a stage where you ' ve got basically abundant cheap energy cos once you ' ve abundant cheap energy then you can grow loads like then you start moving out of a scarcity model into a post - scarcity model where everyone ' s attitude begins to change because the same dynamics aren ' t at play
162. t have mm asked you would they? no no mm no but with most things you do need to look at them each year whether it ' s that ' s right car insurance home insurance yeah exactly energy mm mm erm yeah broadband and telephones mm mm mm and and and it ' s true mm mm and you can save this here that in fact there was on this morning er on the news they
169. from it ' s cos you ' re not fucking spending it mum that ' s why every time she but dad you never know she might need that five and she yeah might get a really expensive energy bill one month okay? yeah her phone bill was eighty - three pound for the quarter dad that ' s i negotiate that ' s gonna eat in eat in i had to negotiate the lowest deal i could
171. away by himself with his fancy bike and his motor home maybe you never know nice that golf that ' s hanging on the back erm a bit bashed up and it had you know the monster energy drink symbol yeah it had like a sticker of that on the petrol cover thing how unfortunate yeah don ' t put monster energy in it that ' s why it ' s broken ha oh dearie me
172. erm a bit bashed up and it had you know the monster energy drink symbol yeah it had like a sticker of that on the petrol cover thing how unfortunate yeah don ' t put monster energy in it that ' s why it ' s broken ha oh dearie me what were we just talking about? oh the apprentice oh embarrassing really embarrassing some of the things they say though some of the things
177. a little bit health and fitness especially also we lived in houses that weren ' t er yeah well no wasn ' t centrally heated oh so your body used the more yeah so your body was using more energy just to keep warm you know it was it was cooler and you walked children played and walked and ran around everyone used more energy that ' s true we ' re talking about making it sound as if it
192. to some american non - environmentalist mm who just thought basically that the world ' d go could could go to hell er in a handcart and mm er and it didn ' t matter what energy resources you used and what as long as you made a profit what you what you dug up oh yes exactly and erm and he just he just john humphrys kept handing him more rope and he
193. when they strip the everything out of the house they ' ve gotta the the radiators then yeah yeah the uv lights uv lights and well also well infrared you know heat yeah heat lamps yeah yeah energy is needed um and you need to buy f the compost yeah got to uh water them so i mean and they put like proper farmers you know proper like sprinklers and that the irrigation systems
194. the things but then the other interesting thing is that ireland doesn ' t benefit directly from the power the power is actually being piped back over there yeah but that ' s also true of any any energy that we create here in the uk exactly the same happens so when they say that we ' ll have nuclear power and then it ' ll make energy cheaper it isn ' t true it goes into the european
195. yeah but that ' s also true of any any energy that we create here in the uk exactly the same happens so when they say that we ' ll have nuclear power and then it ' ll make energy cheaper it isn ' t true it goes into the european wide grid and er and yes and then it does comes out a different way so it ' s not like we control our power either and that is
196. they won ' t upupset anybody and then it ' s quite difficult to build out at sea well it ' s more difficult to build out at sea and then one of the real problems with energy is the how much is lost in the transmission mm right that ' s when the modes of transmission and stuff but also apparently if you ' ve got this wha the sea ones are really big and so
220. but they that ' s why they erm all of y all the erm the new replacement bulbs on on the farm gonna be they ' re gonna be halogen halogen yeah waste as much energy you never have but they they yeah they ' re just they ' re painful it it ' s a lot of money that they ' ve got to throw around mm cos if you think like a premier
227. ' t seem to be able to change things at the speed that local people want them but it ' s not easy for local politicians and if you then suddenly say hey we have to have our own energy supply therefore you are going to have a nuclear power station next to your house mr whatever whether you like it or not someone ' s gotta make those decisions yeah at the moment it ' s easier to blame
234. got downstairs at ten in the morning my dad had had the grill on and it just cooks so it ' s going making this noise and it was like yeah like you ' ve used x amount of energy today maybe they had it set really low don ' t put anything on eco mode like you have one light on the light on in one room for five minutes it ' s like electricity used but their whole
243. boiler ' s broken down or there ' s a hole in the roof and whatever he does actually repair it yeah pretty quickly mm but you know it ' s quite clear that the house is anything but energy efficient mm and from the from april the first of this year there is a legal requirement that landlords have to bring all their rented accommodation up to a certain level and what is this level though? in
244. a legal requirement that landlords have to bring all their rented accommodation up to a certain level and what is this level though? in well and and how are they defining level? erm the the energy efficiency of the house actually oh i see just the ener yes yes the energy the energy efficiency of a house yeah and i ' m quite sure that their house will be well below it because it is
245. certain level and what is this level though? in well and and how are they defining level? erm the the energy efficiency of the house actually oh i see just the ener yes yes the energy the energy efficiency of a house yeah and i ' m quite sure that their house will be well below it because it is not mm an energy efficient house at all actually have they got central heating then?
246. and what is this level though? in well and and how are they defining level? erm the the energy efficiency of the house actually oh i see just the ener yes yes the energy the energy efficiency of a house yeah and i ' m quite sure that their house will be well below it because it is not mm an energy efficient house at all actually have they got central heating then? yeah yeah
247. actually oh i see just the ener yes yes the energy the energy efficiency of a house yeah and i ' m quite sure that their house will be well below it because it is not mm an energy efficient house at all actually have they got central heating then? yeah yeah but it it ' s not effe you know it ' s not effective it ' s not working? you know well you know
248. similar deal yeah and have shit hot internet just less people to divide the bills by is what that means true but that ' s what we get a job for let ' s take a look at the energy rating in and i are going to stay overnight just to make sure it ' s not cold i said i ' m running the shower and then flushing the toilet i ' m not having a house that that
277. in the last round of local elections mm and i i said i just wrote back and said no way er he asked why and i said well a man who says that he ' s going to cap energy prices must be mad oh right and said oh why i didn ' t know he was going to i it was it was the most sh awful experience with this guy who was oh you know er standing as
278. lot of companies are doing that they are getting rid of they are just making it into the initials right do you know what i mean? so like do you remember what used to be scottish and southern energy is now sse yes and it doesn ' t stand for anything bp is now bp officially it doesn ' t stand for anything they are registered as bp what ' s bp? well it was british petroleum
302. s meant that ' s mad bright that ' s it ' s not is it too bright? that ' s horrid that ' s brighter than mars it ' s silly it conserves the energy dad it ' s crazy well turn the lights off it ' s cra i ' m not saying where the energy ' s gone at all him over there it ' s too bright well there ' s
308. more slides in d for musical spread did you see he did it twice and just went it was like i thought it was an impostor yeah they ' re good they kept going it was that energy drink mm he was obviously at the end of the high for the energy drink they made a mistake but they kept going he had a little energy drink he did i ' d never trust them little energy drink
309. and just went it was like i thought it was an impostor yeah they ' re good they kept going it was that energy drink mm he was obviously at the end of the high for the energy drink they made a mistake but they kept going he had a little energy drink he did i ' d never trust them little energy drink erm you could see he was cold and exhausted wasn ' t he
310. yeah they ' re good they kept going it was that energy drink mm he was obviously at the end of the high for the energy drink they made a mistake but they kept going he had a little energy drink he did i ' d never trust them little energy drink erm you could see he was cold and exhausted wasn ' t he? yeah he when he plahe played a gig the night before
311. energy drink mm he was obviously at the end of the high for the energy drink they made a mistake but they kept going he had a little energy drink he did i ' d never trust them little energy drink erm you could see he was cold and exhausted wasn ' t he? yeah he when he plahe played a gig the night before got in early hours and oh he didn ' t go
320. good that the erm people in china in the sanctuaries like the way they like look after them and stuff it looks really nice yeah i think they ' re more interested in conserving energy cos they go around eating all day don ' t they? yeah because they ' ve got to each so much of the bamboo cos it ' s got like no nutrients in it like hardly any

Cluster 3
4. like he or that was just almost just his style yeah like his personality he just like he wouldn ' t sort of stutter or anything like that em whereas some of them were much more like high energy and sort of rushing around yeah richard the one with the purple hair he ' s very high energy yeah he ' s very purple hair and he he ' s very in the air he is and he '
5. ' t sort of stutter or anything like that em whereas some of them were much more like high energy and sort of rushing around yeah richard the one with the purple hair he ' s very high energy yeah he ' s very purple hair and he he ' s very in the air he is and he ' s he ' s very difficult to calm down and actually like he he he ' ll he '
8. you think well this why i ' d like to write again yeah i think there ' s so much inspiration yeah yeah it ' s very creating isn ' t it? mm it ' s all this energy that ' s going on that is one of my dreams as well yeah to to write a book? absolutely yeah but yeah it ' s like you ' ve gotta be in the right place the right time
14. isn ' t it? or for some type of energy isn ' t it? can i can i just watch it? yeah of course yeah it ' s the monkey isn ' t it? with energy i think oh creepy hair ah is that a gorilla? or a? i think it ' s supposed to be an orangutan yeah yeah it ' s an orangutan ah oh ah
15. be an orangutan yeah yeah it ' s an orangutan ah oh ah an orangutan on a fairground ride i proper love that i think it oh sse energy right that ' s it i knew it was some type of energy though well done the hairy bikers mm location location location yes please don ' t say you watch strictly come dancing oh gosh no good
16. ##angutan ah oh ah an orangutan on a fairground ride i proper love that i think it oh sse energy right that ' s it i knew it was some type of energy though well done the hairy bikers mm location location location yes please don ' t say you watch strictly come dancing oh gosh no good that ' s what i like to hear i ' m just like
24. cos they our our downstairs mainly downstairs in two separate rooms yeah and there ' s a an rsj across the middle yeah apparently they don ' t work if there ' s them at the the energy that ' s right yeah yeah ah well that ' s not much good is it? well it no it it you can you could have a wire all the way through wire no they don ' t have
30. then i put really? would you want that? erm that was friday no love to shut my front door and be in my own wee world and i just put yeah i know happiness levels rise energy lelevels rise imagination rise what more could a girl ask for? mm and i just put true could think of a couple of other things though and she came back like what? and i just says
40. yeah to get your like aero yeah aerobic aero robic or whatever how w yeah yeah basically you ' re supposed to like to get you get your lungs get yeah pumping all the en well the energy or the oxygen oxygen or whatever some crap going on it ' s good to do a mixture of interval and long distance yeah so i ' ve been doing that but to do interval training is so boring on
41. you can get goodness from like carbs as well like po you know like i ' m sure you can get some of the goodness out of potatoes you do yeah of course you do it ' s energy isn ' t it? energy energy yeah that ' s one of them isn ' t it? people need carbohydrates to make your like brain function uhu like the carbs are essential
42. carbs as well like po you know like i ' m sure you can get some of the goodness out of potatoes you do yeah of course you do it ' s energy isn ' t it? energy energy yeah that ' s one of them isn ' t it? people need carbohydrates to make your like brain function uhu like the carbs are essential to your bodily to bodies your
43. ##bs as well like po you know like i ' m sure you can get some of the goodness out of potatoes you do yeah of course you do it ' s energy isn ' t it? energy energy yeah that ' s one of them isn ' t it? people need carbohydrates to make your like brain function uhu like the carbs are essential to your bodily to bodies your body
47. like hearty substantial yeah and er and they ' re quite you can use stuff like and they ' re quite buzzy as well yeah and they kind of keep you like a good yeah a good energy yeah definitely definitely ah shit yeah that ' s so true it ' s all that kind of like yeah i read this really great book erm did i tell you about it? on like super immunity soup
52. ' t need to sleep here mate just five minutes no you can sleep upright and not off me that ' s what you can do run all night ed harris as well that looks you can feel my energy my energy is passed into you i don ' t i don ' t want your energy in me mate this is my arm i need to penis can genders mm isn ' t it? look at them
53. need to sleep here mate just five minutes no you can sleep upright and not off me that ' s what you can do run all night ed harris as well that looks you can feel my energy my energy is passed into you i don ' t i don ' t want your energy in me mate this is my arm i need to penis can genders mm isn ' t it? look at them why did
54. off me that ' s what you can do run all night ed harris as well that looks you can feel my energy my energy is passed into you i don ' t i don ' t want your energy in me mate this is my arm i need to penis can genders mm isn ' t it? look at them why did you let me? didn ' t mean i agreed mate why the fuck is
57. when we did it on the laptop that was with wi - fi mm mm mm mm i think they prefer you not to use wi - fi because it does require quite a bit of sort of data energy from the the wireless system and generally it would have to be a ninety percent strength which is maybe yes just a little bit of a high expectation yeah in real life it doesn ' t need to be ninety
65. ##m affected by inhibitors i ' ve not discovered their therapeutic potential yet but erm if i get through the article about that mm yeah that ' s what i ' m talking about have you seen the energy thing work? it ' s really good it goes up really quickly yeah i know it ' s the one it really is another one another are there any objects outside today? another one i don ' t
70. ##og the toilet you go back and forth at least we ' re both off tomorrow democracy huh? really? you just said that? what? what? yeah standard see er look at how quickly the energy goes up road man jcr roads trav no we already went through this road mans trav we ' ve already done this no the chavs trav did we? yeah oh but still no the
77. if there ' s a little bit of salt no and i was a lot more relaxed yeah and she ' s a lot more chilled yeah ' s very quite like when i today probably hid all that energy from you mm you know? mm and i tried so hard not even when i was you know i ' ve got such a sweet tooth even when i was pregnant i was just like eating loads of fruit
97. round and round and round the yeah you know like people used to say oh you i ' m tired just watching you that ' s right yeah it is like you think well isn ' t all that energy yeah honestly you watch yeah going to school er wh when they ' re little and there ' s not one of them walking if they can help it they ' re skipping along that ' s right yeah
98. mm hm er just looks really cool yeah i think a lot of places i mean yes i do believe in earth energies and you can feel these power places but i think also humans can build up the energy of a place through intent so if they ' ve been focusing on that energy of that particular place for years then mm hm it ' s gonna feel pretty powerful because of the energy they ' re putting into
99. mean yes i do believe in earth energies and you can feel these power places but i think also humans can build up the energy of a place through intent so if they ' ve been focusing on that energy of that particular place for years then mm hm it ' s gonna feel pretty powerful because of the energy they ' re putting into it mm hm for all the people yeah so that could be pretty exciting too
100. can build up the energy of a place through intent so if they ' ve been focusing on that energy of that particular place for years then mm hm it ' s gonna feel pretty powerful because of the energy they ' re putting into it mm hm for all the people yeah so that could be pretty exciting too some great reviews for there and i haven ' t actually heard back yet from this place in poland where
107. ' t sort of drop dead gorgeous any more i was still alright but you know not that sort of immediacy thing yeah and i lost all my power it ' s yeah it ' s the energy of youth isn ' t it? yeah it just kind of has this glow about it but i didn ' t have to do anything you just sit there being pretty and that ' s your career yeah that
112. s the reiki? what ' s that? reiki ' s erm again it ' s like it works on the same principles as reflexology really you ' re helping to erm channel energy through the body via your hands mm so placing you can either place your hands on the recipient directly or you can just raise them above oh right and erm oh you just the heat that you feel comes
113. and when you it ' s like my hand ' s now it ' s going meet somebody and you connect yeah and the feeling yeah that you get through you know the s the you can feel the energy yes it ' s er wonderful yeah it ' s like somebody ' s just come and given you a big hug yeah i find yeah yeah wow it is so you could do reiki i could do yeah
117. and he uses more energy by like trying to sit up like than like we ' ll like stand like holding him and sort of mm standing him up and that like so he ' s gonna he uses energy have like yeah i know and i was thinking oh do you know she ' s just making it sound like oh i was just thinking oh shut up just ignore her i can ' t remember what else she
120. apart and it ' s got just packed with ice i wonder why fridges do go icy i think it ' s the fact that they can ' t i think it ' s to do with the energy i ' m sure oh is it? oh okay and that they can ' t regulate themselves properly cos they ' re old yep so basically the whole fridge needs to be new it really does yeah this
127. it ' s heavier than it was before what ' s the answer? it a hat a hat too much christmas pudding it went through a collision and like stuff happened erm i ' ve got kinetic energy is not conserved in a in inelastic collision so it was converted to heat energy which increases the mass in relativity why does it increase the mass? yeah no that ' s that ' s basically it
128. a hat too much christmas pudding it went through a collision and like stuff happened erm i ' ve got kinetic energy is not conserved in a in inelastic collision so it was converted to heat energy which increases the mass in relativity why does it increase the mass? yeah no that ' s that ' s basically it cos if you go in a collision you get emotional scarring and fill fill that
129. i would very much like to learn to be able to cherry - pick straight off i i work in these places but not those places yeah and say that ' s where i ' m gonna focus the energy yeah and leave it at that yeah erm and there are examples have you heard much about taiwan? can you fly to taiwan? well i ' m sure you can fly anywhere taipei from singapore yeah but
138. t gay is he? no but that kind of look alan carr ' s gay kind of like mm yeah he was brillo on the stage he was jumping really? he never stopped talking so much energy yeah he was really funny he was really good he did a good job of it i wanna go there again like that was really funny that was such a good night it was a really good night are there
163. vague yeah really vague said t sent me a message saying ' s told us to yeah come with open lungs open lungs er open minds and like what was it? come with open lungs and lots of energy er g open lungs open minds and lots of energy so she ' s text me saying if i was i ' d be freaking out about that oh thank you very much look at that great for the record
164. saying ' s told us to yeah come with open lungs open lungs er open minds and like what was it? come with open lungs and lots of energy er g open lungs open minds and lots of energy so she ' s text me saying if i was i ' d be freaking out about that oh thank you very much look at that great for the record recording it ' s some scotch eggs and chips the
174. to show you technique my left and right - click left and right - click yeah yeah yeah and i i didn ' t i don ' t know what mana is so man yeah some champions use it energy or rage or some don ' t even have anything but generally mana is what the blue bar underneath your abilities yeah and let ' s say an ability takes to fifty mana to use erm so you can
175. ' s kind of a made up universe okay they could ' ve said diamond but that wouldn ' t be as cool mm okay cos eridium like is like this glowing substance that has so much energy and so much power yeah so he ' s trying to get to this vault no one really knows where it is but he ' s just digging towards it and he ' s just this big gigantic company that
176. but i felt like a ninja it was weird how many people are in the group? tell me all about it before erm there were oh god i ' m so unobservant i feel energy more than look around me so i think there were probably about five at the back six seven eight plus the teacher okay all women all kind of thirty to sixty uhu teacher woman i ' m sure she
187. ' ve seen orbs before yeah yeah and it ' s er the orbs and i said well so are those the spirits of the people? and he said well not as such they ' re energy and they ' re by mm a number of people mm mm and erm he can see them mm he can actually oh i ' m sure you can oh he he can see them i ' m sure
188. a witch doctor you know mm or whatever and they knew a lot and they dabbled with all of this they knew all about dowsing and all of that st and it was spiritual and they er energy fields the ley lines mm they knew all about all of that mm and what do you think then? yeah i i think there ' s a lot of i think there ' s a lot in it i
189. feel more relaxed yeah and they ' re meant to be a bit more mm like themselves mm rather than guarded around a table erm i remember feeling like oh yeah this is my way of dealing with energy mm right? is that certain people are drawn towards me mm just as er certain people i ' m drawn towards and like the same with you the same with certain people but also very sensitive to vibration yeah
191. on all of the animals would love that oh my god animal healing and communication yeah what do you get to learn to speak dog? no it ' s probably like a a mental communication like through or energy cos it ' s reiki what you both sit there and stare at each other? no you probably like give them lots of attention and just learning to understand the animal would love that ah uk animal
202. little fluffy bit on the side it looks kind of like a beret like the way she does that with her hands she looks like a french philosopher i wonder if she ' s looking at like the energy that you use you get around like your hands and stuff mm i wonder if she looks at that and can see it maybe or can see the colours of people ' s auras or anything like that do
203. stuff mm i wonder if she looks at that and can see it maybe or can see the colours of people ' s auras or anything like that do you think? well i used to watch the energy coming out of my fingers mm like cos babies are so pure they wouldn ' t know any different no they might be able to see things that we just can ' t see yeah i wonder if she
204. ? i ' m not i ' m not feeling this yeah breaking into booze when i sat down i just had a good old wank to a copy of arthur miller money ' s like an energy i want bits just flow towards me and then they go and spoil it all by saying something stupid like i quite like you i quite like you jeff ' s such a good character yeah yeah he ' s
207. and i ' ve made a film and i ' ve done all my diagrams and stuff yeah that ' s the bit that takes ages it ' s just analysed okay i analysed the energy and the frame period and how how have you done the? from well i realise now that there ' s like an equation but i did it from the energy cos from the my energy oscillation
208. ##ysed okay i analysed the energy and the frame period and how how have you done the? from well i realise now that there ' s like an equation but i did it from the energy cos from the my energy oscillation is really weird cos there ' s only three bodies okay so but that ' s got a period like the oscillation mm so obviously you can relate
209. ##d the energy and the frame period and how how have you done the? from well i realise now that there ' s like an equation but i did it from the energy cos from the my energy oscillation is really weird cos there ' s only three bodies okay so but that ' s got a period like the oscillation mm so obviously you can relate that to that time period okay
210. cos my period oscillation varies depending on what my size of delta t is and how often i print data yeah okay yeah oh yeah i don ' t know yeah yeah i was gonna do energy and how how that changes with respect to oh delta two yeah that one i think it might s like you don ' t like creepy stuff and most if it isn ' t creepy but there ' s like
215. session yeah so has signed up as well? yeah oh ' s used ten of her twenty already oh really? yeah yeah yeah she ' s she well maybe i ' ll do the same yeah? energy l you can go in but they don ' t speak cos i ' m just gonna english so you need yeah really you should have it all written down yeah or go with from first year office co
219. got the round tower no i th no the next one along isn ' t it? oh they ' ve got like the bridge i suppose they get their i suppose they used to get the erm energy from the water mill or something mm oh i don ' t know yeah it ' s a pretty big bi village i don ' t know how any people live there but they all commute don ' t
223. the mind set a bit weird but it ' s like a lot of the stuff that they ' ve been at the hospital is kind of like stuff that saps you of energy but also gives you energy at the same time? so it ' s like seeing a friend yeah seeing friends saps your can drain energy yeah yeah but seeing them being normal and being like happy and having a great time yeah it
228. bad i ' m just gonna turn up and how long is it? erm forty - five minutes i think what do you do? t ' ai chi yeah but what is you you align your energy centres what time is it? how do you do it it erm six fifteen how do you do it? what did you say dad? i said ' s going to demonstrate show us how you do
232. re using they were saying the other day i don ' t know what ' s up with them i don ' t know whether you said that the parameters of it and say you know this how much energy i no no just tells you how much it uses it keeps giving my parents warnings and telling them they ' re like killing penguins i don ' t know about that i say we went one one morning we
235. room for five minutes it ' s like electricity used but their whole thing was like and i guess it is good cos it ' s people it ' s like probably didn ' t realise how much energy they were using cos you do forget yeah yeah yeah and it ' s also interesting about like different things how doctor mick and i think it ' s dermick dermick dermick his
237. you might enjoy it picturesque not usually you ' re not you ' re not a massive as in i ' ve seen more picturesque places in my time yes the biggest thing oh i ' m sure the energy n r g because durham has a campus in teesside you know? durham university why? has a i didn ' t know that i think it ' s stockton there ' s certain courses are taught
242. and a cannon uh tank yeah um okay so if one was to drop an object and it uh rebounded yeah it would bounce yeah uh um um okay so it ' s atomic uh it stores chemical energy and then releases in a rush it ' s used in mining uh wild west um you light it and then throw a stick of it stop dynamite oh no oh close well we got five yeah that ' s
254. country cycle not it ' s more like er rounding the sheep up and that type of thing mm well it is a land rover so yeah mm there we go well yeah ye my oh is that blue energy? that ' s a nice smell is isn ' t it? i like those is that blue energy? mm no lavender and aloe vera new one there no it isn ' t we ' ve got
255. it is a land rover so yeah mm there we go well yeah ye my oh is that blue energy? that ' s a nice smell is isn ' t it? i like those is that blue energy? mm no lavender and aloe vera new one there no it isn ' t we ' ve got some mm have we? mm well what you doing hogging it? it looks like it ' s
259. of five ' s and thing so it means if you but drop it on its side it ' s the glass bit is sort of exposed to being yeah taking a lot of the pressure well pressure the energy and sort of yeah i take your point yeah whatever you call it yeah well come on your the one doing physics i haven ' t studied physics since i was your age pretty much that doesn ' t mean
264. it ' s a filler when you ' re not sure what else to say yeah but then why do we choose something that ' s gonna bring something less than positive into the other person ' s energy stream you know? yeah why are we saying oh isn ' t it all really shit? oh isn ' t it great? oh this rain ' s horrible isn ' t it? or yeah but i
265. wins load of stuff world champion blah de blah david someone or other he ' s vegan uhu erm yeah there are quite a lot it ' s thought that erm your body gets more energy like oh a speed camera pure energy the closer your food is to er sunshine so like uhu raw vegetables are meant to be the best yeah i alkaline and just yeah close to sunshine i '
266. de blah david someone or other he ' s vegan uhu erm yeah there are quite a lot it ' s thought that erm your body gets more energy like oh a speed camera pure energy the closer your food is to er sunshine so like uhu raw vegetables are meant to be the best yeah i alkaline and just yeah close to sunshine i ' ve read or i watched the videos
274. mm i think religion reincarnation right reincarnation though is it is there you ' re a reincarnation of me mm you know you ' re my genes follow on it ' s just energy isn ' t it yeah that ' s right so tha that really is this thing about reincarnation and the why it ' s so important i think if you ' re a a decent person not some
275. tendency for poltergeist to attract themselves to erm to young people going through puberty that ' s that ' s odd well it might be that correlation yeah there might be a kind of energy so for example you might say er it ' s like what what what do you mean by this i find sort of quite unscientific yeah some some people would say we it ' s actually not
279. the photographer in it? the other one is if you got water on the lens it can create little little spots which can shine and look like uh a they ' re supposed to be orbs of energy orbs of energy or ufos or something oh me mam believes in all that kind of bollocks like also saw a programme around the same time about uh that that was the cox and uh
280. ? the other one is if you got water on the lens it can create little little spots which can shine and look like uh a they ' re supposed to be orbs of energy orbs of energy or ufos or something oh me mam believes in all that kind of bollocks like also saw a programme around the same time about uh that that was the cox and uh that was the cox
281. ' t like the that that thing on the smartphone ' s really good you know the the swype thing which is uh swype yeah really it allows you to to use a very little amount of energy for uh to to get through yeah it ' s a good invention so i think it would allow like potentially really fast typing uh that ' s what i was saying before i think there ' s loads of
287. to sugar mm and erm form glucose for energy mm so they ' re less about strength more about energy whereas protein amino acid ' s more about building muscle strength mm no energy well i suppose the energy to do the lifting yeah erm whereas my previous trainer was just like no you ' re nnot eating enough you need to eat at least another sort of packet of rice on top of that mm and
288. kids did all day every day so er you know who are they feeding with all this this food? yeah and they must be sort of getting a lot i dunno mm i look on money as energy i just touched that bit of white bread touching the brown now erm i look on money as energy and mm like everything in life i intend an abundance for myself and food money clothes everything i need to
289. yeah and they must be sort of getting a lot i dunno mm i look on money as energy i just touched that bit of white bread touching the brown now erm i look on money as energy and mm like everything in life i intend an abundance for myself and food money clothes everything i need to survive but i intend an abundance and also intend that i might share that abundance with other people mm and
290. call it god if you want i don ' t like the word god because of its long elderly guy mm mm mm bearded sitting on a cloud patriarchal overtones but whatever you wanna call it this energy of all that is i look on that self as another self that person as another self and think right okay they ' re experiencing lack they ' ve chosen that experience to learn erm in this lifetime or
291. us mm erm so i will do that quite a lot erm when i see people in that situation generally won ' t give money and i always project erm kind of this pink light or energy of love and wish and intend the highest and best outcome for that person mm now it might be that in their string of incarnations they ' ve chosen this particular lifetime to experience lacked experience uhu suffering
292. of love behind the giving wasn ' t there mm it was just happening happening without yyour yeah and that then i thought well it ' s it ' s worthless money is just numbers money is energy and if there ' s no loving intention behind the energy then i need to stop doing that and approach it in a different way mm but it ' s interesting interesting question well there you go that ' s
293. was just happening happening without yyour yeah and that then i thought well it ' s it ' s worthless money is just numbers money is energy and if there ' s no loving intention behind the energy then i need to stop doing that and approach it in a different way mm but it ' s interesting interesting question well there you go that ' s how you start a conversation mm er yeah do you want
299. it ' s horrid oh no i love it oh and if yeah if you ' re going walking that is actually the best breakfast you can have cos it ' s very very slow release energy yeah it ' ll keep you full yeah for much much longer than toast or cereal cereal ' s the worst thing cos it ' s so light gone yeah and you ' ve got you ' ve got
303. ##rrid that ' s brighter than mars it ' s silly it conserves the energy dad it ' s crazy well turn the lights off it ' s cra i ' m not saying where the energy ' s gone at all him over there it ' s too bright well there ' s no way that your father or would be able to read the things if the lights are er you get used to it
312. ' s why i love yoga i absolutely adore yoga yeah because also it it makes me feel so because it ' s all you kind of yeah go inside yourself and well it opens up all the energy blocked energy things and then everything starts flowing energetically nicely between the body and that ' s what you ultimately really so that ' s lovely i don ' t think though yoga ' s enough or in itself
313. why i love yoga i absolutely adore yoga yeah because also it it makes me feel so because it ' s all you kind of yeah go inside yourself and well it opens up all the energy blocked energy things and then everything starts flowing energetically nicely between the body and that ' s what you ultimately really so that ' s lovely i don ' t think though yoga ' s enough or in itself cos
319. weird ones? i think generally the the idea is that you have a huge breakfast and eh with lots of carbs and then a medium sized lunch with lots of mm sort of that sort of stuff energy stuff and then by the evening you ' re not doing very much so mm unless you ' re going out to play badminton in which case you probably can get away with it you don ' t have time

