Cluster 1
1. office job you don ' t know do you? well don ' t give two hoots unless your dad ' s a fireman or something really exciting well i just knew my dad was a civil engineer i didn ' t know what one was oh cos whenever you asked him he said i ' m a roughty toughty construction worker aww um so i was really proud of myself that i remembered
2. know what one was oh cos whenever you asked him he said i ' m a roughty toughty construction worker aww um so i was really proud of myself that i remembered the words civil engineer yeah cos what the hell is that? yeah well i couldn ' t tell you now uh builds bridges and tunnels and shit right um and then he obviously i didn ' t know what that was but
3. remember it to this day aww that ' s a good dad they went round the class what do your dad do what ' s your dad do? and i said my dad ' s a civil engineer and he has tea with the queen and he has tea with the queen i don ' t i ' m not sure he does yes he does mrs beeson she sends me presents every week aw that '
5. seriously? yeah you worked for british telecommunication i wasn ' t yeah doing what? as a i ' m sorry this is blowing my mind like you were working as a as a what? as an engineer or something or? yeah as an engineer i ' ve got a a ho my my hole i ' ll give you a quck summary yeah it seems like you need to i don ' t understand i
6. i wasn ' t yeah doing what? as a i ' m sorry this is blowing my mind like you were working as a as a what? as an engineer or something or? yeah as an engineer i ' ve got a a ho my my hole i ' ll give you a quck summary yeah it seems like you need to i don ' t understand i ' m not following left school when at
7. that ' s all done on remote computers and yeah probably you don ' t even need to read you just copy the blueprint into the machine and that reads itself you needn ' t be an engineer anymore need you? well no well this is it you don ' t have to be an engineer no the only engineers now are in erm stuff like research and development i reckon yeah yeah where you get
8. you just copy the blueprint into the machine and that reads itself you needn ' t be an engineer anymore need you? well no well this is it you don ' t have to be an engineer no the only engineers now are in erm stuff like research and development i reckon yeah yeah where you get so many you know individual stuff that you have to make yourself yeah you have to make yeah that
9. quite funny if they started calling it the renaissance sorry? it would be quite funny if they just abbreviated it just to the renaissance mm i think it might have been written about in nce new civil engineer you read nce? mm gets that don ' t think he likes it very much it ' s not the most amazing publication says it ' s says it ' s written very badly sometimes yeah lots of
12. t he did tell us a funny story once though it was a funny story i have to say okay fine he said er when he was a hairdresser cos he was a he was an engineer when when i was working when he was a hairdresser he said i had this bloke come in and he sat down and he said i ' m really cheesed off everything has gone wrong
13. erm tied in some other way with like a metal tie higher up and take the beam out or something like that mm mm you don ' t know but you could ask a strutrual engineer to look at it couldn ' t you? a shropshire engineer a shrupshrual engineer a ble blah engineer yeah well yeah i don ' t know that ' s er i ' m not
14. higher up and take the beam out or something like that mm mm you don ' t know but you could ask a strutrual engineer to look at it couldn ' t you? a shropshire engineer a shrupshrual engineer a ble blah engineer yeah well yeah i don ' t know that ' s er i ' m not sure that ' s i mean if you were living here i
15. or something like that mm mm you don ' t know but you could ask a strutrual engineer to look at it couldn ' t you? a shropshire engineer a shrupshrual engineer a ble blah engineer yeah well yeah i don ' t know that ' s er i ' m not sure that ' s i mean if you were living here i ' d consider it yeah i know
16. mm you don ' t know but you could ask a strutrual engineer to look at it couldn ' t you? a shropshire engineer a shrupshrual engineer a ble blah engineer yeah well yeah i don ' t know that ' s er i ' m not sure that ' s i mean if you were living here i ' d consider it yeah i know this is our little country
17. and i don ' t think it ' s after that cos he died so i don ' t think he ' d have that one mm mm i think it was that one regiment yeah and royal engineer mm i didn ' t know about royal engineers library did you? yes yes oh you did? mm yeah yeah didn ' t tell me mm alright then but i i think er er i ' m not
19. some fantastic btecs out there like i know ba do a great one where they they take you on after a levels and you get a degree while you ' re working and they like as an engineer? yeah as an engineer for ba yeah quite hard to if you could get an apprenticeship like they are very competitive if you could get something like that where they ' re gonna pay for your degree and pay
20. out there like i know ba do a great one where they they take you on after a levels and you get a degree while you ' re working and they like as an engineer? yeah as an engineer for ba yeah quite hard to if you could get an apprenticeship like they are very competitive if you could get something like that where they ' re gonna pay for your degree and pay absolutely yeah you at the
21. ' s a slide rule? it ' s like a computer it ' s for engineers i don ' t use a slide ruler do you know what one is? course he does he ' s an engineer yeah but he might be too young they might use computers nowadays well instead of a slide rule slide rules are rulers with with another ruler imbedded in it and it goes sl you slide it up and
22. going cycling and in engineering so all at the same time yeah that would proper be properly ambidextrous what kind of engineering does he do? manufacturing although he ' s like a quality improvement engineer so he takes a process and then sees how it can be improved ah okay they use a lot of japanese theory like lean manufacturing so you don ' t have you don ' t keep a lot of stock
23. improve the working environment but i mean okay i ' m a total non - expert but to me that doesn ' t sound like anything to do with engineering isn ' t engineering like you have a quality engineer building? i mean the definition of engineering is like applying physics to its applied physics to the real world ah so you make things happen i thought it was all about engines innit? engineering itself is not
24. was it how am i supposed to make it sound like a piano piece present no because it reminded me of one of contemporaries who worked at ross conway came out wizo no russ conway was a brilliant engineer at westland russell not russ and he came around did he have a bit of a thing i ' ve seen him at and he knew everything that morris conway i think ross conway had a bit of thing
25. him with technical things ah really? that that ' s not saying very much but what was his erm profession? was he not in it? no no no oh he started life as a chemical engineer and went into oh i don ' t think i ever knew that yeah oh he worked at oh right which is how we came down here mm erm and then he went to into management consultancy which is
26. i was younger difdifferent times then like yeah whatever i thought cos it came up about obviously parking and stuff and assumed that they just got you know can park wherever being the delivery engineer type people but they can ' t they can ' t no they get tickets quite often i think it ' s partly it might be because they take liberties with where they can park i don ' t know
27. the buck lie? se they still didn ' t really get to who did it? so who decided? who ' s responsible? well yeah they said that that the board is responsible er but every engineer in the in the company must have known has to know yeah that you ' re you ' ve put a part in that does this thing you know maybe the people actually fitting the part don ' t know
28. mind that you know very well one of them is and the other one is mm mm was some sort of erm well he was a mechanical was he mechanical? no no was a hard - core engineer was he? yeah right okay i didn ' t know that okay so hard - core engineer mm turned himself into a plumber yeah? yeah okay career shift he did it yeah yeah he he managed it
29. some sort of erm well he was a mechanical was he mechanical? no no was a hard - core engineer was he? yeah right okay i didn ' t know that okay so hard - core engineer mm turned himself into a plumber yeah? yeah okay career shift he did it yeah yeah he he managed it okay mm did it just in time for his family good idea yeah and his wife mm they
30. is bringing in money day in day out that ' s just it you know? so erm but you brought in money day in day out for the majority of your life as working as a civil engineer in england you didn ' t have a family to think of you did it anyway yeah yeah that no that ' s that ' s that ' s right erm and now when we ' re thinking about
31. bringing together existing systems and creating new systems so is that still digital producer? if you ' re creating new systems? it it ' s in the context of a digital producer or are you a systems engineer? you ' re not forget er forget systems engineer forget the systems stuff right i ' m i ' m creating digital products which are being presented online and the digital through digital media in a digital way yeah
33. project managers that ' s a skill in itself er being a project manager the argument in certain outfits with certain things is that as a professional as a professional project manager in engineering you need to be an engineer and you need to know how things are built right? that makes common sense whereas if you were working as a project manager you could go along and you could work with people in the services people who who
34. some ideas sort of lean on the gate i suppose you know you ' re doing this all wrong that ' s it that ' s the one that ' s the one i used to be a civil engineer i know what i ' m talking about mm yeah i think i think they they must be finishing off a job somewhere else because you know there doesn ' t seem to be getting on very quick no considering
40. used to have oold erm horse drawn trains go down it was it down by brunel or something like that? something like that yeah been working on yeah cos he was a fantastic engineer weren ' t he? but it was like and it ' s got it ' s got a name and it was just this use so they ' ve used some of that but they showed you boring into
41. they don ' t do any work? no erm it ' s a good mix cos i don ' t i ' ve got i know i ' ve i ' ve got a physicist an engineer and a psychologist which is a semi science so are they all girls? is it? yes a physicist? cos the physicist is the boy an engineer i think maybe possibly two psychologists i f and then
42. ' ve i ' ve got a physicist an engineer and a psychologist which is a semi science so are they all girls? is it? yes a physicist? cos the physicist is the boy an engineer i think maybe possibly two psychologists i f and then law and and and when they have can they practice on you? what? philosoph you need to to it ' ll be a way of ci
44. so he he was kind of big on the mm well it ' s yeah it ' s quite a quite a substantial award yeah em for a graduate and i think he won the won the new civil engineer graduate awards one year shit wow a proper high - flyer how do you win that like is it? is that through your by nominations i guess through your company? i ' m not sure i ' m
45. ' s em the girl who was the life saving the president em it ' s her boyfriend who ' s at ' s oh yes so he probably does know her and he ' s a fourth year engineer oh so they probably do actually know each other don ' t they? fair enough that was a very very cool snowman cos it does put ours to shame it was quite it was pretty good co
47. at one of them was in our shop called there was all a small statue mm and they was all a bit bow - legged mm and then just to cap it all er we got a new chief engineer mm er as time went on they never went back to leeds by the way they stayed and er er they called him and he even spoke right yorkshire mm you know tha lad and all that like and he
48. it? a contractor yeah? jesus a hundred and twenty fucking thousand dollars a year and that was as a paid member of staff i don ' t fucking know how much you cost as a freelance contractor engineer type person right? shitloads of money just shitloads of money you ' d get your capital in next to no time it ' s a sacrifice yeah is that you go do something that you
49. people on like happily i ' d i ' d take you know if you ' ve got a diploma in engineering and we ' ve got a shortage of engineers come on in if it ' s an engineer engineers sorry come on in but i ' m not i ' m not happy when bob who ' s come from romania with i don ' t think dad no high school degree and a you know it '
50. six weeks is he? yeah oh right but it ' s the last time right they ' re all coming out so that ' s good mm hm and what is it he he does? er aircraft engineer that ' s right yeah cos i know before he ' s had he ' s been like wworking away backwards and forwards on and off and stuff like that hasn ' t he? yeah he did
54. being trying it ' s being fitted into a particular setting or something erm a context? yeah a context i i would argue that something like evaluation as engineering that makes sense to me having been an engineer because erm er because engineering is is a a logical process where you go through something and you need to evaluate along way in some kind of experiment or observation so erm so would that would experiments not
55. is erm construction of something within a geography related to that kind of thing but what does geography mean to you? oh well in related er well the role i had was as a as a highways engineer so geography was intrinsic to that why? why? you ' re not saying why you ' re just telling erm that it is but you ' re not saying why well er er i well it was
58. he saw it as erm i think you know cos he worked in the aviation industry is that justifying how much money to spend on engineering planes or whatever the decision is already taken and the engineer is working backwards yeah so he ' s talking about a kind of reverse engineering scenario which happens sometimes that budgets are limited and hence the solution that ' s provided has to be engineered within that scope and is
59. i ' ve been a model engin nothing to do with cataracts i ' ve been a model engineer for nearly thirty years erm i ' ve built three traction engines i ' m now doing a railway engine built a number of stationary engines workshops been built up over the years several lathes different types different
60. by she ' s an doctor and she is clever she gets she ' s now a registrar she gets good accommodations from work and she ' s progressing up and he feels i ' m just a lift engineer yeah and the ceiling of that will never be as high as the ceiling as an doctor so you ' re always gonna be competing so by coming a so by becoming a director of a company with a with
61. it actually cos i wanted to go to india cos you know my mum is and dad they both work for british airways mm no i didn ' t know that they do my dad was an engineer and my mum worked for a british airways catering mm and they worked for a lo a long time actually mm and em so we always had like up to the age of twenty - four we ' d have
62. t mean in terms of private schools but like once you ' re in the industry you ' re in the industry and that ' s the club and there ' s no there ' s no like civil engineer coming in from mm designing buildings n you can ' t get in yeah that ' s worrying once you ' re in isn ' t it? yeah well it ' s kind of nice for me cos
63. for me cos you get these jobs and things oh we need someone with offshore experience i mean great but yeah it ' s strange it is weird i don ' t see the need i think an engineer yeah they ' ll have to catch up and stuff but mm you ' ve still got the same core skills yeah it ' s very narrow mm mm so do you think you ' ll stay in engineering?
64. know what ' s happening? what are you doing? i said well it ' s the engine it ' s on the blink you know what do you mean? i said well i ' m an engineer he said show me so we go down below deck and i held the thing up and he had taken his gun out by then and put in back in his holster thank god and he shone a torch down
65. well? no no? yeah well you need to get one i know oh oh i see i know that ' s what i i think that that team they need to get themselves an architect and an engineer to be a good solid team so you know er do you know ' s friend? she writes those plays yeah i remember going to one of her plays you went to yeah we went to didn ' t
66. to do yourself you just laugh at somebody who ' d just done that if you have those qualifications then like you said you the thing that you ' d be perfect for would be like an optical uh engineer or something an optical uh like a fence maker or something i know optician yeah fence maker uh was that what the the what they you you could ' ve been a fence maker? na that was at
70. or it? yeah i ' m pleased you went with that option yeah er yes anyway but er i i can see you being ceo of volvo i can ' t no i can see me being chief engineer ah true yes i can see you being chief engineer until you get to sort of retirement sort of time i e about thirty - five and then er thinking oh i ' ll be ceo for a year or
71. with that option yeah er yes anyway but er i i can see you being ceo of volvo i can ' t no i can see me being chief engineer ah true yes i can see you being chief engineer until you get to sort of retirement sort of time i e about thirty - five and then er thinking oh i ' ll be ceo for a year or two just you know they wouldn ' t pay you
72. i ' m got two people coming round on monday to take a look uhu one ' s a girl twenty - three a journalist and then one ' s a twenty - eight year old spanish software engineer rows and climbs oh wow and plays guitar they sound interesting yeah and then some girl who i kind of know messaged me on facebook i think she ' s a bit weird mm but i mean i '
73. don ' t suppose i ' ll ever get to see the it ' s hard enough even keeping no up with with well might have liked to have done something in the music industry you know sound sound engineer yeah yeah yeah type thing well he could have applied to the bbc but but er you know it it wasn ' t well he kind of wanted to stay in although no i mean earlier earlier when he was
75. sort of go probably yeah you know just somewhere on the outskirts but it ' s just that little bit too far mm but erm this is it you say to him as an ex - sun sun engineer and as an ex - sun one of the cocompanies he worked for he was an ex - sun engineer erm he he wwould have er been quite interested in helping yeah well that sadly
76. mm but erm this is it you say to him as an ex - sun sun engineer and as an ex - sun one of the cocompanies he worked for he was an ex - sun engineer erm he he wwould have er been quite interested in helping yeah well that sadly is not gonna happen no no but cos he did all the s he did a the suns at university you
77. i and i i used to down things we used to cut them and erm jumping through yeah no i mean i we used to do the dog compound when i wa when i was a grass reduction engineer mm and we we used to hate doing the dog compound you know you ' d be on a on a triple i mean the that ' s the thing with the er cylinder on each side like that and
78. ##m it could be change of er what do you call it? culture mm and she was she was born in the country in in er in you know her father was erm head engine chief electrical engineer of the dam the hydroelectric dam oh right at where ' s that? near you know erm oh right in turkey okay yeah yeah erm so she was born in the country but when her father died
79. ##cs malibu vodka do you know this guy? yeah he was er yeah he lived next he lived on our corridor in when we were in fourth year he ' s now in third year is he an engineer? yeah yeah he ' s working at ricardo er he ' s he ' s um he ' s got a summer job or a fourth year project or something like that oh right in his third year at
81. had my lows if you have very big highs you do get very big lows i was just reading nicholas parsons ' biography oh really? and erm he started out at clydebank as an engineer because his parents just didn ' t want him to go on stage at all his parents were so against it and he said he writes a bit about the basic way he was treated by the other men of
82. electrocuted all of us well that ' s very nice of him yeah it was great where were you s at school? guantanamo? he was an ele the teacher was an elec electrical engineer electrocutioner? electrocutioner see i told you look pressure washer only eighty - nine ninety - nine he put twelve volts through but only a low amplitude so press pressure washer
83. mm i forgot he exists oh mm so er you c you can pick his brain as well yeah messaged him up oh huh he was like yeah how are you doing? i ' m a aircraft engineer right rating so what do you have to do to be that then? some sort of engineer? dunno be good at maths and science and oh huh be there since you ' re seventeen? oh
84. yeah messaged him up oh huh he was like yeah how are you doing? i ' m a aircraft engineer right rating so what do you have to do to be that then? some sort of engineer? dunno be good at maths and science and oh huh be there since you ' re seventeen? oh no we ' re n none of those none of those things no um so oh yeah he
85. ##ssing apparently oh ri yeah the according to the tutors who all got made redundant they were quite you know cross about that anyway back to you which is far more important so you ' re a model engineer today and you ' re yes and you ' re here to do the working party yeah? well i ' ve i ' ve stopped in just to drop some materials off really oh have you? oh ri
86. systems engineering oh is that what she was doing? originally yes because she went to work for national power mm hm em and she went through university sponsored by national power mm and then became a control systems engineer organising the controls of the power station the coal - fired power stations mm hm and then when she met alan and he was working at prestwick on the hms gannet search and rescue squadron mm em
87. one it ' s a good job you ' ve got the hobby of buying model aeroplanes and not sailing boats yeah but em he had another customer eh or another student that em was a retired mining engineer mm hm and em i got i got to know him and then we used to go down there together em and now he ' s em not so keen on doing it anymore and eh no but eh la
88. ' s mm it ' s very nice but they ' re thinking of er works at the nuclear station he teaches oh oh yeah and he teaches he teaches students er engineering he ' s in yeah an engineer and he retires in march i think and he l he could carry on if he wants yeah he could carry on working but he ' s thinking he might do a a a two or three days or
89. more or less packed it up so we ' ll have to see what happens come march whether they ' ll that ' s what this chap that i this he was a he he was an electrical engineer mm and he taught it mm at the college and he also taught it at he had a place at he had this and a place at yeah a house at yeah er and he used to go between the
90. to the to the to the number twenty - nine do you? is that the answer? think it ' s just well that ' s just like i ' m not an i ' m not an engineer but i guess that like if you do it sort of slowly then it goes like is that really what how you do it? but sometimes it gets it it gets itself in a it gets itself in a
91. and vinegar the vinegar salts it you can tell he comes from a fish and chips background yeah so your dad had a fish and chips shop mm and he was a butcher mm and he was a motor engineer mm? a motor engineer but he also did roofing and planking and asphalting oh that was just his business he ' d retired by then yeah that was really mm? and what they and that
92. it you can tell he comes from a fish and chips background yeah so your dad had a fish and chips shop mm and he was a butcher mm and he was a motor engineer mm? a motor engineer but he also did roofing and planking and asphalting oh that was just his business he ' d retired by then yeah that was really mm? and what they and that ' s your brother co
93. ever no well you went on to a specialist who told you to join the army no they didn ' t didn ' t they? no the specialist said i should have been a photographer or a mechanical engineer right and your mother said we ' ll be having none of that no i i i could in those days all i ever knew about photographers was that you they were you saw them on the black and white
94. the front carves your bone so every time you pedal it starts to so mm ha so he needs to take it off and hammer it back into shape needs doctor to sort it out he is an engineer as well he can do it hmm mm oh taking of engine er er bits of engineering oh yeah i had a go that how did it come off? i have no idea i think what well i do
95. green party that ' s me you probably wouldn ' t ' ve learn a lot more well i tell you what i would rather hhave the skills i ' ve got now as a you know engineer and woodworking and all that sort of stuff than go to a grammar school and just have the skills of l knowing how to count you learn other things as well such as? well you ' d '
96. ##lwyn engineering crew yeah wicked shizzle indeed yeah actually if was there it probably would be is um a bit of a legend in his lifetime he ' s um he ' s an en he was an engineer organ scholar? organ scholar oh very good course he ' s an engineer was born an engineer he was born engineering um and he built a theremin he built a what? it ' s a so when
97. probably would be is um a bit of a legend in his lifetime he ' s um he ' s an en he was an engineer organ scholar? organ scholar oh very good course he ' s an engineer was born an engineer he was born engineering um and he built a theremin he built a what? it ' s a so when you know one of those instruments that ' s like a big metal beatles
98. um a bit of a legend in his lifetime he ' s um he ' s an en he was an engineer organ scholar? organ scholar oh very good course he ' s an engineer was born an engineer he was born engineering um and he built a theremin he built a what? it ' s a so when you know one of those instruments that ' s like a big metal beatles used it loads of
99. and but then ask them how much they earn like their earnings are equitable if not slightly more than what my family are on in england you know what i mean? my dad has been a civil engineer for years he ' s probably on about twenty - two k my mother works for the government works in the borough she ' s probably on about eighteen grand a year and i speak to my america friends teachers
101. didn ' t no i never trained as a chippy at all but er you know did i i worked i did a four - year apprenticeship and then i did two years as yeah as a an engineer working in in one of the mills yeah cos and then got made redundant ye and then walked finished work on the friday and started work on the saturday for working with the oh that ' s alright ah
102. s yes er mm he always has long chats with him yes yes that ' s right mm i suppose has got the same sort of thing i suppose mm i think he was he was a civil engineer a surveyor of some sort yeah mm he was in waterworks with i suppose but i suppose he was used to the waterways mm yeah then in latter years he went into more sort of like bridges didn '
103. story because he was here mm mm in the erm late fifties or iin the fifties when he was working for british aerospace which okay which was then de havilland right erm he was a flight engineer erm and was working on the comet er at the time and they were flying comets from airport the old one not not but the old airport right okay on the green line wow erm across to er
104. i just touch it? can i can i can i just touch it? and that was with you you remember and from the ball? yes yeah yeah cos ' s obviously battle of britain yeah engineer or whatever so yeah it was a open day at raf er a family day rather so every you went on there was all this stuff going on mm and stands and stalls but the people that were with the
105. two main er guys were maurice grosse and a guy lion treyfeld they ' re on the the side again er maurice was er an ex raf pilot okay bit of a bill basically right and an engineer and erm we ' ve lost time with all the delays oh it ' s alright it ' s talking sorry er if you ' d stop talking we get there quicker no no it ' s the delay
106. to do yes i don ' t want to throw any tools away well not throw them away i don ' t want to give them away necessarily no no you need to sort them out because ' s engineer ' s tool kit thing he took around with him has got really useful little types of erm long nose pliers and pliers with bent noses which are really useful because you can put them in and
107. this sonnet was about it ' s a famous one mm and he said his heart was like a a dry desert and longing for a drop of look you don ' t think about that of an engineer do you? and so so i mean he ' s an engineer isn ' t he? but this is what i said to him i ' ve got that ' s just no idea not what you i
108. he said his heart was like a a dry desert and longing for a drop of look you don ' t think about that of an engineer do you? and so so i mean he ' s an engineer isn ' t he? but this is what i said to him i ' ve got that ' s just no idea not what you i have got no idea because i said you ' re so guarded you
109. ##marised i said we ' ve done the the bedroom mm we ' ve done the erm fall fall detectors advice was that broken? we don ' t know they they said they would send an engineer to look at it dad said my throwing it on the floor idea wasn ' t good enough what you didn ' t just chuck it on the ground see if it? that ' s what for he said
111. we ' re sitting in a very small sig erm ticket office here at the model engineers and is with me this morning and he ' s going to talk about well why are you a model engineer? i think it ' s an engineering background my father was ah a civil engineer right and erm i studied u er engineering at at college actually and then erm went into engineering initially as a po
112. the model engineers and is with me this morning and he ' s going to talk about well why are you a model engineer? i think it ' s an engineering background my father was ah a civil engineer right and erm i studied u er engineering at at college actually and then erm went into engineering initially as a po as a post as a erm graduate apprentice for right right erm ending up
113. nine k wow there ' s money to be had there and that was like that takes time at twenty - two k and you you will be making more than fifty k if you ' re a qualified engineer a data engineer would you fancy doing that? yeah you need quite a bit of training erm to be you ' re up for that though aren ' t you? yeah potentially erm i know some
114. there ' s money to be had there and that was like that takes time at twenty - two k and you you will be making more than fifty k if you ' re a qualified engineer a data engineer would you fancy doing that? yeah you need quite a bit of training erm to be you ' re up for that though aren ' t you? yeah potentially erm i know some people are moving
115. degree because i think as soon as you start doing that kind of thing you make your role quite niche yeah so if you ever wanted to move on it would be like oh you ' re a faults engineer like where do you go from that do you know what i mean? yeah it ' s cisco training so you have to stay technical what d have you has your path crossed erm olympus systems? for
116. mm mm that ' s it yeah credibility is already straight away there yeah of course you don ' t need to c tell em anything else no don ' t even ttell em you ' re an engineer absolutely not interested mm mm mm just wanna know you know have you got those skills to transfer into any project? yes absolutely of course yeah so erm so you ' re not a technical person you '
117. ploughs that were used in those days yeah which similar to elelsewhere as well and nothing er very specific to to scotland erm but er he he being by er training an engineer er he was interested in erm the front of the plough with the sock and the coulter yes erm where this represents erm i can ' t remember which way round it is now if that
118. mean all i can think all we do is keep pressing them erm but erm i mean that woman was fairly clear on the phone that er that if she was going to arrange an ap an engineer to come out in er early yes to mid january and you didn ' t but you didn ' t take her pho we haven ' t got a phone number have we? to get back in touch
119. over the hump yay hump day wednesday hump day mm what is? i love the sound of finnish though it sounds so happy what does do out there? he ' s a chemical engineer isn ' t he? well he ' s in mining yeah cos he ' s mining and he erm goes to south america and stuff and mines is that how he met? yeah that ' s
120. and they said well pop round and we ' ll have a chat and that ' s how it started yeah? so he obviously aeronautical engineering? and he yeah and he has now become a chartered civil engineer and er has his own patch within the company you know and he ' s a specialist in some particular things and that ' s because he chose a certain line to go down and from his point of view

Cluster 2
0. not er i ' m not worried mate it ' s full of so many hot girls yeah so you keep telling me yeah yes that needs licking yes it ' s good why did you go all german engineer on? happening my penis hurts you should touch it better yes that ' s better i can see why you didn ' t want me to come to your christmas party now i know get in the way would
4. ##will oh yeah it could be yeah is that a type of twill? yeyeah it is actually cavalry twill trousers well there we go thank you everyone now shall we reverse engineer and tell why? old soldier cavalry container till to carry wide the w inserted into till to give twill to give us cavalry twill which is a fabric good boy doesn ' t give us
10. england and cornwall must er england cornwall devon and cornwall yeah they do wanna be their own country so mm scotland didn ' t get independence then no much did they? despite their engineering which they tried to engineer the erm the outcome by putting the erm vote down to the er the as sixteen i think alex not allowing celtic people outside of scotland to vote no i don ' t know how they could de
11. ' s a wonderful life type of ending which is a genuine ending mm mm now it ' s all it ' s a crowbar er a ha a sad you know a happy tearful end yes engineer us into having those emotions as opposed to yeah a bit like the x factor really yeah you know it ' s just like if everybody screams and shouts at the same whoops on the same level mm mm
18. er it ' s a big manufacturer of beds oh right okay r r a r j o er but the nhs hadn ' t got them and they subcontract to arjo direct and their engineer was off sick so they hadn ' t put in these five beds gosh one of the patients died on the thursday so it ' s four beds then cos they need to go in when they need
32. that still digital producer? if you ' re creating new systems? it it ' s in the context of a digital producer or are you a systems engineer? you ' re not forget er forget systems engineer forget the systems stuff right i ' m i ' m creating digital products which are being presented online and the digital through digital media in a digital way yeah? it ' s all digital okay? right okay
35. ooh yeah so that ' s the infiltrator so you can go invisible that ' s cool that ' s looking a bit bugged there why ' s it blue? er i prefer engineer he can fix things and stuff yeah ah that ' s cool i haven ' t seen that before what? it ' s the portable shield do they keep getting new staff then for the gear? yeah this
36. make a very good recording i mean i see and if he wants to get his destiny thing yeah i know okay you ' ve just cut down the amount of time all coming out of there a sound engineer and a pony that ' s what your well i one of our dreams is to be a sound engineer and have a pony i did want a pony piku piku i did think about sound engineering actually
37. know okay you ' ve just cut down the amount of time all coming out of there a sound engineer and a pony that ' s what your well i one of our dreams is to be a sound engineer and have a pony i did want a pony piku piku i did think about sound engineering actually at one point in my life why are we not surprised? should go go and listen to i '
38. a pony piku piku i did think about sound engineering actually at one point in my life why are we not surprised? should go go and listen to i ' m he used to a sound engineer for like a world famous heavy metal band that mummy and when he i mean he won ' t when he goes onto the sound decks and at any gig he says a different band can be there when he
39. roadie just lugs things around a roadie a roadie yeah just puts things in a truck and drives the truck mm oh and brings the band on the road hence roadie oh yeah sound engineer actually controls how the the different mix of instruments and has the venue they ' re in and the acoustics of the venue all that kind of stuff you know acoustics? acoustics the way what?
43. ignore him i ' ll try and ignore him that might be eh an acoustic issue do you think that ' ll be an acoustic issue? yeah i don ' t know i ' m not an acoustic engineer em i ' m gonna be really self - conscious about the eh about the words that i use in fact yeah you gotta use in fact i imagine that in these conversations the word self - conscious is gonna
46. you ' d always have to be engaging and yes messing around and you ' d probably have car accidents and things mm i can imagine yes and the other thing i can imagine is that you ' d engineer situations to write about in order to keep the momentum yeah going and? that wouldn ' t be very ethical would it? no or erm at least erm you ' d have to have your antennae
51. get silent hello who ' s there? oh yes oh right okay so he comes back oh there ' s definitely no network problems it must be a problem with your router we ' ll get an engineer okay fine she said right the next available engineer and it was like saturday and was like but it ' s tuesday mm well that ' s when the next so what am i what am i meant to do
52. yes oh right okay so he comes back oh there ' s definitely no network problems it must be a problem with your router we ' ll get an engineer okay fine she said right the next available engineer and it was like saturday and was like but it ' s tuesday mm well that ' s when the next so what am i what am i meant to do all week? oh well i ' m i
53. like oh right no what it was darling was there was an automated voicemail that they left on the phone yeah the voicemail thing saying we have tried to fix your area if you still need an engineer the way the way they figure out as to whether there ' s a network error is if once it gets passed a threshold number of complaints oh right encouraging and then it ' s there ' s a problem
56. evaluation as engineering so what is engineering for evaluation? erm well that ' s in terms of erm pa evaluation as part of a process and engineering is that process so you you are trying to engineer something you are an evaluation sits within that box so that ' s why that rings true to me if i disassociate it i ' ve disassociated it with the from the
57. me if i disassociate it i ' ve disassociated it with the from the profession and i ' ve looked at it in terms of its alternative meaning which is to engineer something to make something up okay but somebody said today i think it was was that he he saw evaluation as engineering as somebody has already decided and made a decision and he saw engineering as a process by which
67. ' s britain ' s got talent it ' s called the go it ' s called the goliards the goliards the goliards no idea it it cos it ' s they engineer the story to yeah they satirise the catholic church yeah basic they don ' t engineer it they just choose people to hear their stories no they don ' t they engineer you could make a story in
68. goliards the goliards the goliards no idea it it cos it ' s they engineer the story to yeah they satirise the catholic church yeah basic they don ' t engineer it they just choose people to hear their stories no they don ' t they engineer you could make a story in the edit but you know yeah but you know you know that you know that before but als
69. ##s it ' s they engineer the story to yeah they satirise the catholic church yeah basic they don ' t engineer it they just choose people to hear their stories no they don ' t they engineer you could make a story in the edit but you know yeah but you know you know that you know that before but als i work in telly i know how much story you can find in the edit
74. in although no i mean earlier earlier when he was at university he could have gone into sound yes well we all could have gone into many different things computers and things he did electronics but you see sound engineer wasn ' t kind of a mm kind of an acceptable career path in some ways mm in our in in those days because they they didn ' t i mean now i mean like like is it ' s
80. but he ' s um what um okay so what ' s on the short list? that ' s good if mindless it ' s just really sort of fairly low budget um yeah you can an engineer yes cool that ' s good bit heavy but good have you seen the guardian? don ' t think so you ' d be interested in it what is it about? it ' s basically all about the
100. your mammy years ago that it ' s really cheap yeah it ' s good and er and it works of course it does i can watch films on the internet with it but like he came this engineer yeah and then cos we got our box in the post like the the router yeah and erm he came to install the phone line and usually they install like the router for you as well
110. discussed had it had it yes exactly had it worked we wouldn ' t have known if it normally worked had it not worked we wouldn ' t have solved anything no so anyway they ' re sending an engineer that sounds clever so that ' s very clever and the advert for the car we ' ve done as well have you? mm so there were couple of things hey listen we had a valet they came
121. though oh right good good top well done yeah oh oh come on spawn spawn me there are needles slowly taking my health down just restore your health yeah there you go no there we go is that an engineer down there? oh what? right engineer ' s down oh right cool that ' ll make it a bit easier i ' m dead again by the way thank you oh oh it ' s okay we can
122. yeah oh oh come on spawn spawn me there are needles slowly taking my health down just restore your health yeah there you go no there we go is that an engineer down there? oh what? right engineer ' s down oh right cool that ' ll make it a bit easier i ' m dead again by the way thank you oh oh it ' s okay we can go inside now just stay away just throw
123. can buy you a little bit of time by shooting them but but i ' m gonna die cos i can ' t run and get this health kit now can you like? oh is there an engineer with them? take my breath away maybe oh his hea his head ' s off his head ' s? his mask ' s off die he fell off ah i ' m dead oh i ' ve
124. ##ting the female personality have you seen this video before? no oh i might ' ve done yeah it ' s true though girls are just bloody like never mind bloody females so i ' m guessing this engineer i ' m dead yeah i i saw that you can shut up come on have we got? where ' s the engineer at? i have no idea grenades? no i have no grenade okay i '
125. girls are just bloody like never mind bloody females so i ' m guessing this engineer i ' m dead yeah i i saw that you can shut up come on have we got? where ' s the engineer at? i have no idea grenades? no i have no grenade okay i ' m dead boy thirteen was hit by a bus and killed in i don ' t in the uk ' s first fatal crash
126. that ' s not us is one oh okay i think i ' ll miss when ' s she going? when are they leaving? oh i dunno see her again am i? i killed the engineer ah they shouldn ' t have shields any more ah very sad there might be two engineers possibly though yeah i think there ' s two er no i think you ' re good no the the purple things you
127. er yeah that was about it really then they got up and left the crew and production team were forced to fill the empty seats lol yeah there ' s cctv footage have we gotta kill the engineer again? probs well where is it? er it ' s in the back left corner does he steal something? yeah he stole a crate of lucozade i just i just flopped off wow it
128. like the last one the days of future past? yeah i mean i i like it it ' s not it was not as good as any of the rest of them really? i quite liked it engineer ' s oh the engineer ' s still up and about i killed him just then oh i died oh that ' s jean grey she ' s jean grey it ' s jean grey it ' s the new
129. days of future past? yeah i mean i i like it it ' s not it was not as good as any of the rest of them really? i quite liked it engineer ' s oh the engineer ' s still up and about i killed him just then oh i died oh that ' s jean grey she ' s jean grey it ' s jean grey it ' s the new jean grey new cyclops

