Cluster 1
4. ' s just a great idea i mean i'm sure lots of people could use that to illustrate their you know it could be allegorical in some way or just cute it could advertise church bingo nights do churches really have bingo nights i mean really in y just ask mum does she go to church bingo nights? she goes to pretty much anything the church does do i have to start being nice
6. just cute it could advertise church bingo nights do churches really have bingo nights i mean really in y just ask mum does she go to church bingo nights? she goes to pretty much anything the church does do i have to start being nice about bingo now? um actually i don't think she really likes bingo i think she'd see it as a sign as of getting old well it is
8. though what was it before guided reading? wait it was it was it was it was literacy? oh i know what was it? it was erm i'm not sure if i got the church and this the wrong way round or the right way round but we did like a sheet and it has the date the name the term and the title we have to writwrite a letter of spoon i i
10. it's got stairs and er it's not well no it's it's it's got three full landings on it yeah and there's space at the bottom but the church have gotta use it the church have gotta use that on er at first floor above ground right cos it is theirs cos it's it's their second fire escape there's two fire
11. er it's not well no it's it's it's got three full landings on it yeah and there's space at the bottom but the church have gotta use it the church have gotta use that on er at first floor above ground right cos it is theirs cos it's it's their second fire escape there's two fire escapes there's a mirror
12. hub yeah well that'd mean that they didn't need any access from us then basically yeah yeah yeah yeah cos they'd just come out and go through the inner doors of the church reception or church foyer but yeah yeah yeah okay well that's fine so actually yes the landing outside the back of on the mezzanine level could be their storage that that could be their storage area
13. that'd mean that they didn't need any access from us then basically yeah yeah yeah yeah cos they'd just come out and go through the inner doors of the church reception or church foyer but yeah yeah yeah okay well that's fine so actually yes the landing outside the back of on the mezzanine level could be their storage that that could be their storage area they wouldn '
14. and paste erm response basically saying back on the second of november or whatever day it is so that's it erm and that's it there's only new business coming up for church's gone basically erm oh church she didn't turn up for two weeks so i've removed her from the schedule erm this sunday have you double - checked with er? no not
15. on the second of november or whatever day it is so that's it erm and that's it there's only new business coming up for church's gone basically erm oh church she didn't turn up for two weeks so i've removed her from the schedule erm this sunday have you double - checked with er? no not yet i was gonna wait until i get
16. not bothered to tell me yeah she'll be better by then and she can come back yeah if she doesn't come back for the first week of november i've already lined up a church to go in her spot oh really? yeah oh that's really good so and they're paying more i hope? oh they will be paying and they're and they're and they
17. late for everything mm their weddings their communions and everything cos they spend too much time putting clart on mm she looks like a bull - dog chewing a wasp wow she's going to church in that fine my communion was a bit boring so i walked out where are these people these children's parents? that's what i don't understand praising the lord praising the lord yeah stealing
18. mum and the funny thing is that now um i really although i might put christian on forms i really i'm not a practising christian and i i you know i'll go to church at christmas and easter and stuff but when i've been on those i've been so i've found them so moving and the last one i went on i think i cried mm oh um
19. ? well i think the crucifixion story is so moving and car erm what's his name? cardinal erm murphy o'connor he's the head of the catholic church mm he was er he gave a little talk and i found that very very moving so that's when i spoke to that's what i thought he'd done erm if i were going
22. midnight mass and i don't know how well for years and years was it did the boys go with you? but we yeah they didn't want to but we did make them yeah the church was packed really? how often do you go in that little church and it's packed? never it was so nice to see there must have been sixty odd people in there and who took it?
24. was quite exciting to hear them read just cos yes er erm vicar said that was a server and of course she was you know if you are a server or you have some connection with the church it's lovely yeah it's lovely aha family link yes yes yes yeah cos actually was at school with my son really? mm mm i mean we knew the before we even moved here
28. a lot of buddhist places in england mm it kind of makes sense to people here yes erm i think it all well i don't know when i was younger and more involved with the catholic church it was the religion that people defaulted to from catholicism yeah interesting erm it is you would imagine they'd go to islam erm to me yeah erm but no no they went to well there
30. your erm your needs to have different people talking within some of our churches that we're in contact with actually that w that work? yeah can you do something like that sort of say after church today if you go to room go to this room yeah yeah have a cake and talk yeah if people signed up for it yeah and make some money for the something that the church is doing yeah exac
31. sort of say after church today if you go to room go to this room yeah yeah have a cake and talk yeah if people signed up for it yeah and make some money for the something that the church is doing yeah exac yeah cos yeah so we the the church could have the eighteen pound per hour of the yeah yeah because i was thinking because i am involved in the the refugee action group as
32. room yeah yeah have a cake and talk yeah if people signed up for it yeah and make some money for the something that the church is doing yeah exac yeah cos yeah so we the the church could have the eighteen pound per hour of the yeah yeah because i was thinking because i am involved in the the refugee action group as well and i wondered if that was something that the press would encourage is
33. if i said come come and talk for an hour yeah have a cup of tea and a cake and the money's going to i don't know if it was syria syria or wherever the church wanted it to go to yeah yeah yeah yeah absolutely fine and anyone can set these groups up like so erm we can give you some of these leaflets it just kind of shows yeah i haven't
34. if you know anyone from wales northern ireland or scotland we are just desperate for conversations from those areas oh in our department is scottish is he? yeah oh and i know he knows two people at his church because i know them as well who are scottish who are both scottish gentlemen ah that would be great if of a cer of a cer of an age does it matter about age? no no we
38. me you know? yeah can't wait to start talking thank you you're welcome thank you i mean for me i would be like blah blah blah blah yeah i mean i go to a church on sunday yes oh do you? yes and there's like a where the the the people go yeah there you go yeah but but it's a weird that's right you know and i
39. them? erm like er trying to think of the word now where you just go to a registry office? no? he's n he's do he's gonna do it in church yeah he's not? he's gonna do it in church? yeah so how d'you get a get them so quickly? cos i thought these things take ages to organise you know
40. you just go to a registry office? no? he's n he's do he's gonna do it in church yeah he's not? he's gonna do it in church? yeah so how d'you get a get them so quickly? cos i thought these things take ages to organise you know churches are all booked out and things and everything yeah i think he '
41. she refused to buy it you know she'd say oh i don't need to that yeah i used to say it to my parents and this aunt this aunt of mine she lived like a church mouse mm yeah you know you'd go in the kitchen there was nothing no food ever there you know and i couldn't understand that but i do that i go out gives you an excuse to
42. since first i was in first year right since we were in first year dunno yeah yeah come over we'll hang out do whatever it is that young people do now i think largely goes to church so well she hasn't been put off it by this guy i don't know possibly okay crisps apples chicken i'm gonna explode you don't have to eat all this oh i
59. ideas into my head because in the in the cu er well not in the cupboard in the fridge yeah i before i went away i went to one of these craft fairs at yeah yeah oh in a church yeah erm some of the girls and what have you i went to support it oh i mean it was for the church and that and also some of it was going to a charity that they support mm
60. away i went to one of these craft fairs at yeah yeah oh in a church yeah erm some of the girls and what have you i went to support it oh i mean it was for the church and that and also some of it was going to a charity that they support mm oh and it was quite a nice sort of a coffee morning and things for sale et cetera mm oh and there was
65. and circle no steady progress yeah? steady progress music mm mm oh you're straight in there no two music so i'm seeing concert and i'm seeing i guess i'm seeing church erm music it's like music er what did you say sorry? music so i'm gonna say concert and church but then i'm also gonna say i'll i can choose another
72. ' t they have to pay? oh yes it wasn't it was yes they still had to find money for it yeah but it was done it was it was this was really done by the church of england because the church of england wanted to take some sort have some sort of control i think of the population yeah so how many could they take? how many pupils could they take there? there were
73. pay? oh yes it wasn't it was yes they still had to find money for it yeah but it was done it was it was this was really done by the church of england because the church of england wanted to take some sort have some sort of control i think of the population yeah so how many could they take? how many pupils could they take there? there were oh in in the twenties
74. used to like he was difficult but he was on the same wavelength erm yeah oh i've forgotten his name was he was a he was a erm he was an aquarius but but church of england er minister oh right and he i've forgotten his name but he was in his nineties or something very very old and still producing them when he died oh and they stopped happening but he
85. world has dealt with aids through behaviour largely mm yeah i guess yeah but africa hasn't managed to do that and i think it's down to beliefs i think it's down to the church but yeah so yeah i would say and that's just one example erm well what i take that from that excuse me for interrupting no that's fine but is it would lead on to what
89. did entertain guests in there when he was when he was er erm developing his anaesthetic where was this? in street oh right er aye it's now er it was donated to the church of scotland the house oh by lister? yeah very good er yeah yes or by the aye the family right i don't think anybody'll get any of the golden answers on this one cos
90. oh so it doesn't matter what you do so it doesn't matter so that was the youtube that's american christmas message that was that was all it er anti consumerism from a church and that's where you end up back in a box mm aye so none of it matters no which church was it for? that's what she wanted to teach him did you see the bu
97. were they up at one in the morning? i don't know could've been watching a film has been to midnight mass? they're such a weird no they've been to church this morning family in a weird way mm but they think we're weird i think they're weird like well we are weird like's the one that was saying saying goes ten o'clock
101. s irrelevant after that no but when you get out the car the kit kat comes into its own yeah that's good mm yeah i like that so string piece of string nice congratulations i went to church this morning i was sidesman ah i met a new lady i forgot to tell you i had a new lady who came and er i felt i guided her somewhat because when we got to the altar there
102. er more than halfway through it was about twenty past eight yeah yeah it happens sure why does that happen? it happens cos you hand over your g offerings to who? to the server to the church to the church to the church to the server is that what jesus told you to do? no that's what yeah that's what happens mate that's what happens the money lenders in
103. halfway through it was about twenty past eight yeah yeah it happens sure why does that happen? it happens cos you hand over your g offerings to who? to the server to the church to the church to the church to the server is that what jesus told you to do? no that's what yeah that's what happens mate that's what happens the money lenders in the temple he
104. was about twenty past eight yeah yeah it happens sure why does that happen? it happens cos you hand over your g offerings to who? to the server to the church to the church to the church to the server is that what jesus told you to do? no that's what yeah that's what happens mate that's what happens the money lenders in the temple he kicked them out
105. cause so he did and he got arrested and they took him to like court i think they went to the supreme court in the end and it got overturned and it was all about how just basically the church ran everybody's lives and it was just crazy like how and the gover what year was this? oh god i don't know and going back to my previous point back when lynchings were
108. go to two churches but we had a good old natter we're a bit miffed that erm cos we're only th well i mean mostly just the pcc goes to church when the mm a lot of them are away at the minute erm and or we did the only people that came to the pcc the annual fuse had gone in the dairy the what? the fuse
110. mm yeah that he's stolen that he's stolen yeah yeah he's putting up a second ye barricade now so if anyone gets through the first one the yeah you went to church this morning? yeah oh mm there weren't many there well it's a lovely day i know erm she lives round the corner from who did the the word and actually she did very well
111. to make s? didn't i? you shouldn't actually mention it s wwas was i iit's a this is a the least least the lea person that i dislike at church oh yeah you know the dentist that used to be at the corner of? well the original dentist you probably won't remember's rec's recording this mum it's alright oh no i
114. think it is yeah but most of our income in this country is done exactly like that but if you are a muslim in this country as well you put you get ten percent of your money to the church of your income yeah no it's of your total wealth is it your total wealth or mm mm wow each year i thought it went to charity ten percent of your total wealth mm alright we've
115. erm the who's actually there's usually somebody giving freebies and usually oh yeah like boohoo dot com yeah boohoo dot com last time it was a chocolate with a church group and then the other day oh it was you got a paper bag a paper lunch bag and it was a campaign for a real lunch right so they were giving these out now what do you think would
119. name yeah er but we'd have got much less yeah than if it was in's name yeah and that's most of our income now yeah because all his other pensions like for the church from i think he gets one from the church you know oh right erm and his old age pension is much bigger yeah and mine is much smaller erm the erm but he he would be fine
120. much less yeah than if it was in's name yeah and that's most of our income now yeah because all his other pensions like for the church from i think he gets one from the church you know oh right erm and his old age pension is much bigger yeah and mine is much smaller erm the erm but he he would be fine yeah he wouldn't have to let it
123. like she said you are always using it so there's not there's not any point on having it online is there you can't really see someone like standing at the front of the church with an ipad no with their ipad their kindle or maybe they could yeah in the future future church i'm going to have one of these they're really good yeah i feel very lonely sat
124. having it online is there you can't really see someone like standing at the front of the church with an ipad no with their ipad their kindle or maybe they could yeah in the future future church i'm going to have one of these they're really good yeah i feel very lonely sat here i do i know it is so quiet out there but i suppose it's past lunchtime
125. the average suburban street yeah and like there's all drug dealers and stuff getting down there really and er and also the the erm what do you call it the third bank yeah is in that church and community oh right? so they're now clocking everyone who goes goes phone bank and eve and everyone who goes in and out of the mm and you think how you know it just suddenly appeared
126. going to college in so she never really lived there apart from in the holidays and then i i met her at college i remember going to er we i cycled up with the church youth club which i belonged to in those days oh really? from we cycled from birmingham to the lake district from birmingham to the lake district yeah but we stopped overnight yeah but i hope you did we
129. d suggested having a barn dance what committee is this? well we just formed the sub - committee friends basically based on the friends of mm calling in a few it's to raise money for the church yeah few people who've volunt semi volunteered to do something we've got the use of the barn up there which is fantastic have you seen it since they've done it? yeah i
132. it's ridiculous how m how deeply these people believe what they're saying it's disturbing like yeah but it's the same about any religion yeah but extremism yeah only this church is based in hate yeah yeah but it's still it it's all about hating everyone else and jedi is a religion and they believe they believe that everyone but them is going to hell yeah and
133. would rejoice in that because it is a g it is a decision made by god and they are meant to rejoice in all decisions their child if their if someone decides to leave the church they're like banished from the church and not allowed to have any contact and they asked do you are you sad? you know you can't speak to your daughter you don't speak to
134. is a g it is a decision made by god and they are meant to rejoice in all decisions their child if their if someone decides to leave the church they're like banished from the church and not allowed to have any contact and they asked do you are you sad? you know you can't speak to your daughter you don't speak to your daughter any more she's being
135. daughter you don't speak to your daughter any more she's being cast aside and they were like no i'm not sad it's a good thing that she's left the church because she was like erm she she's a sinner she's going to he she's going to hell and we didn't want that around our church he's upset i
136. ' s left the church because she was like erm she she's a sinner she's going to he she's going to hell and we didn't want that around our church he's upset i know time the amish community and what the amish community do that mm they're as soon as you embrace technology it makes it makes no sense to me how people can
137. sunset yellow sunset yell caramel sunset caramel sunset mm blue caramel carm caramel but yeah they use the word fornicating a lot and who does? oh er the westbury baptist church and they said their children are not allowed to fornicate they won't fornicate when when they are of the right age if they would like to have a family or they would like to
138. not allowed to fornicate they won't fornicate when when they are of the right age if they would like to have a family or they would like to procreate so the church can carry on we will select we will select a husband and do they they have to get married first don't they? they select one? yeah they're and cos it has to be
139. select we will select a husband and do they they have to get married first don't they? they select one? yeah they're and cos it has to be someone from inside the church family gay it has to be someone from inside the church or someone who's willing to accept the eighty year old they're all loonies just so they end up yeah inbreeding basically
140. to get married first don't they? they select one? yeah they're and cos it has to be someone from inside the church family gay it has to be someone from inside the church or someone who's willing to accept the eighty year old they're all loonies just so they end up yeah inbreeding basically and they had like eleven children each inbreeding is
148. right like i was started watching it yeah and then i was like this is really bad so i started watching stuff on the computer instead yeah you darn gone shit yourself oh they're going to church oh do people still do that? do they still like get dressed up to go to chur oh god i wouldn't still make him go no i would like it would be like son it looks
149. still make him go no i would like it would be like son it looks like you've shit yourself cos you have no right sat like looking at like that little girl do fucking people to church man? church is for losers i'm joking oh at least let him stay in the pew i know oh that's just mean oh bless bless his cotton socks did you put your cds away as
150. go no i would like it would be like son it looks like you've shit yourself cos you have no right sat like looking at like that little girl do fucking people to church man? church is for losers i'm joking oh at least let him stay in the pew i know oh that's just mean oh bless bless his cotton socks did you put your cds away as well? yeah
154. ' s the thing yeah well er i mean oh it i mean it was it was a huge church and it was really packed but mm and people were but you suddenly think normally the start of a church service or something it's not oh can you turn your phones off? yeah phones off no yeah but it just shows now that everybody has their phone don't they? yeah yeah and it '
156. you know to go out to the cinema or oh right whatever yeah and then you had your evening clothes best clothes yeah mm or your best suit yeah which is used for weddings and funerals yes and church and things parties or church yes mm so but you wouldn't mm think of putting your best suit on no midweek definitely not no oh ay so quite wrong well i but you see erm
157. to the cinema or oh right whatever yeah and then you had your evening clothes best clothes yeah mm or your best suit yeah which is used for weddings and funerals yes and church and things parties or church yes mm so but you wouldn't mm think of putting your best suit on no midweek definitely not no oh ay so quite wrong well i but you see erm it was the way of
160. action right okay action right okay if if think about my wish yeah yeah right okay so erm can we all guess for this by the way? mm mm yeah yeah so if you're at church it's a lot of people praying congregation it mass altar er choir it's a er action congregating yeah we win did you say congregating? yeah i said it first though very
161. a lot of i don't i don't know if still there it could be cos there's loads of bars and restaurants round there now mm but you know the erm the church people just going out at night mm so the church have a lot of people going out there and i think they still do cos there's a guy who does the free food every week yeah they
162. t know if still there it could be cos there's loads of bars and restaurants round there now mm but you know the erm the church people just going out at night mm so the church have a lot of people going out there and i think they still do cos there's a guy who does the free food every week yeah they had free food last he does free food every week
164. the mick out of everything and now every song he does it sounds the same like he's angry at something i remember um being it's just rubbish sort of ages ago and we were at church and it it was you and me in the car and you played it to me in the car park at church and it was like eminem's first album yeah that was such a good album it
165. i remember um being it's just rubbish sort of ages ago and we were at church and it it was you and me in the car and you played it to me in the car park at church and it was like eminem's first album yeah that was such a good album it was a good album such a good album one of a kind yeah but how old was she? ninety - seven
167. in swearing and all this on jewish television so i don't er you know i i er i felt it before as a christian and even though i'm not i don't go to church often but it offends me it does offend me very much you know it's a very delicate line this because it it carries on over to erm er how what you you consider is
170. they were com yeah cos some of these people are murderers they were complicit in it mm hm well it's like a lot of things just like all this abuse in the catholic church and stuff uh - huh people are still getting you know yeah have you heard about the judge gar garzon? em the one in spain who's? yeah he was trying to that '
171. it and i don't know where all that came from we were just it just came out didn't it? he was fit his liver was perfect this was perfect in the in in the church yard i have no idea what started it all but it all went it started off talking about and death oh yes and she said she'd been to another funeral we were all we were all going to
173. didn't mind it i didn't i just thought it's quite and then she you've got your ba glasses all wrong she said i said well sorry you know well in the church i'd asked about's travels cos he's been travelling she said they were thinking of going to work in perth but it's a horrible place and why would you want to be
180. pleased that you were there i think several weddings with where you just sit at the back but i don't think a lot of the people who went to the actual reception bothered to come to the church don't you think so? the church seemed full up no there was we worked out there would even be seats down the far side and there were seat we've got a picture haven't
189. isn't that just the most like miserable christmas song? it's meant to be a prep or hymn you know it's meant to be what? a hymn you sing it in the church er no it's not what that song that just? oh christmas tree that's not what was playing it it was erm wasn't it? no it was fairy tale of new york
191. unlearning everything that you know yeah yeah exactly it's tackling belief systems mm yeah a lot of which particularly in this country people would have been brought up with with a very heavy church influence heavy influence of dogma i do come back to a lot i do think organised religion has a huge amount to answer for in the world that we see today mm mm yeah well when i was talking
198. out of cake at the moment so anyway you can't have your cake and eat it can you? no that is worse erm what will be he said yes it's fine in the church yeah? but we've got events happening in the church but we just have to work round that and erm it it doesn't kind of work having er remember when they had it in her
199. have your cake and eat it can you? no that is worse erm what will be he said yes it's fine in the church yeah? but we've got events happening in the church but we just have to work round that and erm it it doesn't kind of work having er remember when they had it in her video run it doesn't it doesn't work with
200. to work round that and erm it it doesn't kind of work having er remember when they had it in her video run it doesn't it doesn't work with other in a church it just some people want it to be quiet in a church and that's yeah that's true and video doesn't really work it didn't belong in a church so when we had
201. kind of work having er remember when they had it in her video run it doesn't it doesn't work with other in a church it just some people want it to be quiet in a church and that's yeah that's true and video doesn't really work it didn't belong in a church so when we had a we had a video run didn't we about er
202. other in a church it just some people want it to be quiet in a church and that's yeah that's true and video doesn't really work it didn't belong in a church so when we had a we had a video run didn't we about er about the whole that's well well well yes that's what it's for yeah and it i felt it
204. get much but anything helps erm you've gotta show that you're fundraising as well because well of course you have everything but i remember but it's also in the interest of the church the diocese and and the whole community and people who are interested in churches cos that's yeah that's a really brilliant church innit? beautiful church yeah the last chap i showed round
207. door and he walked he said wow he says i see why you keep this one locked yeah yeah erm and erm then the people i took round in october if you look on erm the church i think it's the church's website yeah yeah they they they put all their stuff they work for churches they never let on right oh right they never let on and erm they so they
208. he says i see why you keep this one locked yeah yeah erm and erm then the people i took round in october if you look on erm the church i think it's the church's website yeah yeah they they they put all their stuff they work for churches they never let on right oh right they never let on and erm they so they said we we had visited once before
212. ve gone you find all the well i've also just discovered reading up i was looking at the wrong erm insurance company i thought we we're ecclesiastical we're not we're church something insurance eve er well both of them recommend you don't leave small brass items about no and you definitely don't leave candles or anything that would start a fire so and they preferably shouldn
217. ' t know if we should do this erm because there are naughty words to this there are naughty words to it yeah and there was another another one which erm we were thinking of doing in church in church yeah they got the special bells do you know they were the first church in the world to ring a peel from the tower were they? the first in the world yes they worked out were they
224. as a logical decision really because it's faith and whatever and mm mm mm mm our director of our financial director i found out the other day is a a is very religious and he goes to church every week and it's fine his choice mm but by saying this i i didn't realise i was offending tom who is quite religious and i didn't know this and obviously why would
225. ##m again you know exhausted cos we prayed it was good oh she told me the psalm ninety - one which is a really lovely psalm lovely and the was there and er she had a friend from church oh a spanish lady with two kids so there were like about ffffour kids running around yeah yeah it's quite nice you know quite nice yeah to have that sort of noise erm anyway and
226. need help and support that's true and just that just makes it you know just that's how we survive in a way and i can tell maybe was really you know getting support from the church mm probably yeah mm because i think that's how she survived yeah and god cos she yeah i think she she was looking after some some you know ladies with with single mothers mm mm okay so
228. re a crematorium they're not a place of worship and i'm not religious so i don't no see we're not but i know that when i walk into a church whether i believe or not i know that there are people who do believe and it calms me down mm mm because that kind of level of spirituality whether you're kind of into it or not there
229. i know that there are people who do believe and it calms me down mm mm because that kind of level of spirituality whether you're kind of into it or not there is something about a church that you can just go yeah yeah you can just let it all go yeah cos cos you know that's kind of what you're meant to do in a church erm and feel
230. something about a church that you can just go yeah yeah you can just let it all go yeah cos cos you know that's kind of what you're meant to do in a church erm and feel relaxed yeah is sort of try to unwind a bit but in a crem you're not relaxed not at all no and they it's so artificial it's it
232. s that about in it? ah well all all all of the time i've just uh it's uh it's coming up obviously the eighth of april for us but for the eastern church it will be the fifteenth the the sunday after yeah um they say religious services um it it they have you have like a festival family meals family meals uh easter egg hunts and gift giving um and you '
235. of a czech republic church there which one? peter and paul? it's just inside i don't know uh great lent or the great fast is the most important fasting season in the church year in eastern christianity they prey as christians for the greatest feast of the church year which is pascha easter it's similar to the western lent i think great lent is merely an eastern version of i
236. s just inside i don't know uh great lent or the great fast is the most important fasting season in the church year in eastern christianity they prey as christians for the greatest feast of the church year which is pascha easter it's similar to the western lent i think great lent is merely an eastern version of i see our lent western lent but better um they have some differences of time in
237. ? i don't know if it does i well what else can it mean? not sure um you're assuming that he was definitely born in ad? well that's but not every church maybe believes that he was born in what we call in ad zero you know what i mean? well i don't even believe he was born full - stop so ad we we might say like there
238. - first it has to occur at least the twenty - second till could be as late as uh april twenty - fifth um is your mam gonna come on her birthday?? but in the eastern church um yeah maybe uh we'll have to get in touch um get in touch and um i don't mind you know she can come whenever but uh we'll do some more recordings with them
239. ##s have to be brilliant mm mm but they actually put the shit ones in the first years and then leave the ones the with the it's the reverse it should be people who have a broad church of perspectives not just in their discipline they can go you're doing a degree in okay i can see how why this might be important for you but you can say that to five hundred people you can
241. mini churches aren't they like? i don't know they're not mini churches but you know what i mean? like shrines yeah like at the side of the road staples in the church call that staples of the cr no you don't what i mean don't you? i don't understand what they are though is it like? what is he? what he said they
242. i i've prayed for you all i've prayed for you all thanks nan cheers for that i know she's not even religious really is she? no she did grow up going to church yeah but so did we but that's cos it was like the social gathering come on person behind the caravan chill out it's not the person behind the caravan it's the caravan what
243. and then it got to half nine i was like are you taking the fucking piss? well by the time we got here anyway well it was a blessing actually after you and had got here but the church has got two ten pound cocktails on tonight quite nice in there actually yeah well what happened with my money so although i'm working i'm sort of you know getting money for that also getting
244. heaven or something like that and so they might my gre my great aunt was a mother superior do you know what a mother superior is? erm she's like head of the nuns the church nuns mm she seemed to enjoy it yeah well i just don't believe it i just don't believe in it at all it isn't the same as saying erm well other people are
245. got and in the uk now you've got well and then the school i well the school i went to i maintain i didn't have a secondary education really? it was it was a church school that that my parents paid for i mean we didn't do we didn't do anything and they paid for it? yeah yeah i mean cos i suppose my parents sort of thought oh
247. it was one lot of flowers from all the kids lovely with separate messages from us all so so where was he was he buried or? no he was cremated right erm and cos the methodist church we did they do the cremation first yeah and then you go to the methomethodist church for a celebration of life oh okay that sounds nice so yeah so it was family only up
248. was he buried or? no he was cremated right erm and cos the methodist church we did they do the cremation first yeah and then you go to the methomethodist church for a celebration of life oh okay that sounds nice so yeah so it was family only up at the crematorium and then we went to the the celebration of life at the church that they go to
257. a lot of upset about that people still like to have the children christened there and they still like to get married there but then there was the insistence came iin that they had to be regular church th w th churchgoer to be able to use the church well i suppose it is a bit hypocritical to want to have your it is a bit hypocri but everybody
259. a bit hypocri but everybody's child christened if you're not religious yeah i could never understand people wanting to have their children christened when they didn't go to church but but then again you know it's tradition isn't it? and seen as bein a lot of people see it as a thing to do well i suppose from the church's point
260. go to church but but then again you know it's tradition isn't it? and seen as bein a lot of people see it as a thing to do well i suppose from the church's point of view if they did christen them there's no there's no reason to say that that child might not be be er be a religious sort of person when it grows up
262. th you know other areas when erm he didn't understand what the r what the references were to mm so he felt he'd missed out in that way although he did go to a church of england school and there was some discussion about religion there there obviously wasn't it didn't make up for him not attending church or sunday school so he felt he'd missed out in that
263. d missed out in that way although he did go to a church of england school and there was some discussion about religion there there obviously wasn't it didn't make up for him not attending church or sunday school so he felt he'd missed out in that way well i can't ever remember being too much religion pumped into us in my day well that's because you didn't
264. that much of other types of religions t talked about at school did they? there wasn't much d no about other religions no spoken about at school but you go to you'd go to church from your school would you? at easter and christmas and things? well yeah you had a bit of church going and the vicar used to come to school mm because it was a church of england school mm
265. no about other religions no spoken about at school but you go to you'd go to church from your school would you? at easter and christmas and things? well yeah you had a bit of church going and the vicar used to come to school mm because it was a church of england school mm but i don't believe in that you see because that that in effect is biased isn't it
266. d go to church from your school would you? at easter and christmas and things? well yeah you had a bit of church going and the vicar used to come to school mm because it was a church of england school mm but i don't believe in that you see because that that in effect is biased isn't it? you're mm you know they're they're pushing their
272. throwing them and catching them and catching them at the end amazing and it was so good very impressive indeed it's er i love the fact that when all the aerial stuff is going on in the church hall or in the church they're all just doing doing their own thing and there's so much to see isn't there? but they're working very hard they do that every sunday
274. didn't go to the high school she went to oh right and my father went to when they were both two separate grammar schools yeah that's right and erm and they met later at church and my dad the bus used to take him up yeah and this is from where yeah he was living actually then i think he lived at but erm the bus used to go up and he used to
278. ? well don't confuse mm correlation and this this modern with causation what sorry? don't confuse correlation with causation or in english there's way more people go to church at christmas and there's also more alcoholism at christmas oh yeah no no no so the church causes alcoholism yeah i'm i'm it's the main i'm not blaming the they
279. don't confuse correlation with causation or in english there's way more people go to church at christmas and there's also more alcoholism at christmas oh yeah no no no so the church causes alcoholism yeah i'm i'm it's the main i'm not blaming the they link all together but there may not be one cause yeah i'm i'm no i
281. it's been a while so oh i missed's one apparently he finally did a different assembly i was so shocked oh really? oh right no that's because we always go the baptist church and see the no the thing is like he's been at our school more than once and done that same assembly more than once what? the the the zacharias? zacharias zacharia
282. act at home and hence influence the child okay yep mm does that make sense? yeah so could you think of any other ways? erm any other indirect so there's like neighbourhood or maybe church or religion oh oh oh dad's workplace very good don't yes chocolate for me how about the weather? the weather it it is true that could affect it it's true or other external
283. weather freak weather conditions hurricanes yeah what about that? no i dunno i dunno dunno well if you financial situation of the family yeah yeah that's true finances how do you what about church? how do you think that will influence things indirectly? well it introduces a child to a new social circle doesn't it? a new set of people true and do you think as well as of
285. okay oh his his his that's his that's his real love life as well oh right i mean he's g he's he he's got he's got his church and he's got his dog and that's all he ever need in life mm and he's got a girl now he has got a girl woman yeah at the moment not the other one
286. think kids are kind of er kids are stupid or they won't understand something and they level everything so low mm but if you say these are bad words erm don't say them in church in front of your granny in front of your grandma unless she swears yeah and then at the end of this programme today loads of grandmas had emailed in and gone i think this is offensive i
294. and i was sort of pushed to the front well i i'd found out about that because you know what's her name used to come and writes poetry in a magazine used to come to church er lived up on the anyway her they were patients of mine her daughter was at school with became an air hostess and she still came back for treatment but she ca just before i went on this trip and
299. i don't know whether the th just trying to remember who it was now the thing is they both went ou w what happens is the service is basically to show um er people thinking about the church what it's like as a diocese cos all they've seen so far is a small group of people mm in their area mm in their parish church yeah you know is a fairly big parish
301. some of them are very small parishes mm so it's to give them an idea of what happens in the diocese so er and there are two types of person er who are um er or the church divides them into two types there are lots of types but the church divides them into two types mm of person who are seeking you know information about the church there's those that have been baptized in another
302. give them an idea of what happens in the diocese so er and there are two types of person er who are um er or the church divides them into two types there are lots of types but the church divides them into two types mm of person who are seeking you know information about the church there's those that have been baptized in another christian church like me mhm as i was er when i um
303. of person er who are um er or the church divides them into two types there are lots of types but the church divides them into two types mm of person who are seeking you know information about the church there's those that have been baptized in another christian church like me mhm as i was er when i um was received and there are those who are not baptized mhm and the ones who are
304. into two types there are lots of types but the church divides them into two types mm of person who are seeking you know information about the church there's those that have been baptized in another christian church like me mhm as i was er when i um was received and there are those who are not baptized mhm and the ones who are not baptized are called catechumens mm that's
305. yeah well i i think i think you they er i think it's interchangeable now i think oh right i think it is er most people think of vicars as er the um yeah the church of england rather than the mm catholic church you're right but this title of vicar general has popped up from somewhere i don't know where mm um okay so he's the administrator so um
306. they er i think it's interchangeable now i think oh right i think it is er most people think of vicars as er the um yeah the church of england rather than the mm catholic church you're right but this title of vicar general has popped up from somewhere i don't know where mm um okay so he's the administrator so um so who was he sort of so he
307. taking the mass then? yeah and the reason i mentioned all that was celebrating the mass well it's the service rather than a mass there's no communion it's just a oh right church ser i mean there are hymns there are prayers mm and there's liturgy but there's no communion so it's not a mass oh okay um and um this particular guy the administrator his name
308. priest in mm at and i think he was ordained there as well i think he said that oh okay um but er the two er people that came with the woman who's thinking about joining the church er when it came to going up er to see um they both went up so i'm i'm i'm not sure who's sponsoring him mm anyway er sorry not sponsoring him sponsoring
309. think we've got one this year we've got a lapsed catholic who you know has been er away if you like from mm um er er sacraments and things like that of the church for a long time and she um she in fact strangely enough she came on sunday but she didn't fall into either of those groups because she's she's baptized and she was confirmed m
310. yeah well she learnt it once i suppose yeah yeah it's just i wonder if she had like a crisis of faith or maybe life got in the way or i mean like people people leave the church for all sorts of reasons don't they? mm but um it's just interesting if you were yeah to come back you know why would you go through mm the classes if you yeah you know
313. thing mm you know you want everybody at at mass to see what's going on yeah yeah it's introducing everybody to the new yeah people member of the parish who are being received into the church yeah you know w whether they're being baptized or um confirmation um and er eucharist only whether you know in other words whether they're getting three sacraments or two mm or or one
314. that was thursday night and then on friday it was the funeral which was really lovely mm mm and's dad was a a farmer in good protestant northern ireland mm mm er so it was a presbyterian church erm funeral and it was only july that her mum died so she's lost both within erm six seven months so yeah really soon mm mm yeah but i was so glad to be there to
315. s it's e less contentious to just let them sort it out themselves i had um a class of nineteen - year - olds one of which was er very very very heavily into the opus dei church in spain which oh right yeah are very religious catholic order i think and her family she had about seven brothers and sisters cos they believe in having numerous er children cos that gives better better gifts to
316. christmas a good camera for christmas i think she had the intention of starting to get into kind of taking photos but um i don't know like cos you know um s sarah and nathan from church they're both very into photography and and um yeah i think she's kind of like um maybe i'll do that but i'm not sure she has really what type has she got
317. she got it for christmas but i don't think i've ever seen it or it sh tells you what you need to know uh huh phil bought a camera the other day other month at church and he hasn't stopped using it he puts on facebook things like well they went on a men's weekend away and he came back with photos of toast and marmalade you're really
326. local church of the person who's buying the local church of the person as in like oh okay and some of it goes to a charity of our choi why the church? what's the church got to do with it? i don't know i don't know maybe they're religious and wanted to so and dona you know so but i think you know the largest portion of each
330. tick the catholic box if you lived in a catholic community oh and i lived in a very predominantly catholic community uhu uhu where even people that don't believe in god all still go to church on sundays yeah or on saturday night erm so yeah and i think stuff like religion and stuff like sexuality mm yeah gender i mean how many ways can humanity divide itself? yeah and it's all
331. chucked ice he got pissed on a plane and chucked ice cubes at someone which one was he? gavin henson? he's a welsh rugby player he used to go out with charlotte church i mean charlotte church not tcharlotte church oh no the wales team but the that's the uh world championship team isn't it? he hasn't been playing in the wale
335. on a date with him or something rubbish and he's a bit weird yeah maybe a bit a bit like yeah i think he's a bit mad yeah well anway is that why charlotte church was going out with him then? well i don't know they've got two babies i think or two or three babies really? yeah still going out with him? no she divorced him oh
340. again today just in case there was a mouse oh right i was a little bit wary to open the cupboard but it was fine it was nothing and had told her about er the latest death from the church then cos she yes it wasn't till the wednesday morning actually he died cos put it on facebook cos had told her it was a oh okay monday or something right said he died he
341. enough about the bible but i do believe you're a catholic i do believe that so am i yeah so withdraw that accusation cos it has no relevance but i do believe that you went to church more than me are the seraphim angels? but he was an angel wasn't he satan? no seraphim s e r a p h i m the seraphim mm i '
342. t we? mm yeah you see that was the pope who said to philip of spain cos don't forget it were just after the reformation where we'd gone from catholic mm to er church of england yeah but there was still a lot of catholics there mm even in the big houses yes like sledmere yes er er burton agnes yes er no burton constable for example er s big catholics now
343. pm go to the pub in brackets potentially with friends close brackets yeah nine pm put shotgun in mouth yeah ten pm go to bed fuck and that's it well they have gotta be up early for church on sundays yeah but like come on like saturday's like the day i mean they're just gonna drink saturday's the day of like maybe doing stuff maybe cancelling all your plans and like
346. the go it's called the goliards the goliards the goliards no idea it it cos it's they engineer the story to yeah they satirise the catholic church yeah basic they don't engineer it they just choose people to hear their stories no they don't they engineer you could make a story in the edit but you know yeah but you know you know
348. that was my question is it like a to the one two is it like when the three five different people from the council is it like when they that i've met at different meetings when the church has a year of that i asked something it always sort of starts around like october time oh this isn't a music trip this is a holiday exactly that's why we do it that's
351. why i'm trying to get the all this artisan baking stuff the bakery yeah well i think that would be great plus the erm that would be really good i told you about the community church who was the manager is staying across the road from auntie and they can't in fathom it out can they? in's house oh they've oh is with a woman isn '
360. mum's erm my closest friend at work uh huh his girlfriend's mum died oh she dropped dead ran she's she's very much a christian yeah very involved with her local church called them up one day when she was meant to be go meeting them i think it was on a wednesday erm to say i don't feel no she didn't say she didn't
362. ' ll be a lot of people that'll follow batman as well well cos batman's rich so he'll have a lot of like yeah but jesus is in charge of the catholic church so that's true mm well all the churches in fact the catholic churches does he though or just walk around barefoot really though didn't he? huh? he just walks around barefoot yeah he doesn
371. she? i suppose cos we were christened yeah and everybody around us was christened dad didn't to the jewish faith and if they if you wanted to be married for a joke in church you had to be christened i know that and i can see that you told him that but if you didn't believe you know the christening is in case it you know it was invented in
378. erm it's i'm right then isn't it? must be yeah it's got a pen apparently it's er if they sell a pen if they sell pens thriving church yeah yeah yeah mm they enlarged it mm i was in the middle of that dirty great army barracks was it? that was how it started off yeah was it? mm i was more of a community thing
379. that's what happened that night forgotten whilst i say all this erm and the next day was my parents'golden wedding party oh you said you were going to that oh and it was a church service so so di when did come back? he didn't get back till the evening on sunday? yeah yeah okay but he came to their house and just had some cake and champagne because he he
380. it was now and they were having to wait three weeks for the funeral because of the crematorium being busy mm i know i know and his mum you see she was religious so we had a church service for her doesn't want that and then went to a crematorium but they picked this crematorium miles away erm erm called and one o would say why why? it '
390. he was us was a just check organist at york minster yeah mm and he erm he w played the organ in a little church parish church up in the country and so it suits a small church and he oh was started there the year i finished the job he was getting on a bit but erm he did one cd which is popular hymns and he plays through the first line yeah and then starts
391. good to sit with he's no difficulty to with at all he's ha you'd have a good old conversation with him yeah mm you said you were gonna send me updates for the church you know yes i well well what what i'd like to do anyway going back to speakers if the speakers are you know if they're half decent ones then they will be better than just the
394. the groove the groove is that what you normally have? what do you normally have it on? no that's t i do i normally keep the groove off yeah had the groove off for the church if i had the groove on they'd all be sitting there with their ears plugged up what what do you normally have it as cos we don't really know do we? i normally
395. it it probably it might've been a i i guess it's easy as w it's quite nice cos if you first of all for the first hour is it still in the church room? yeah yeah for the first hour it's the one year group and then for the second hour it's both of them yeah erm so if if it's the first time they
396. you did didn't you? oh did you? lovely yeah yeah it's a lot that do go they've and they've started another one now from the who cares thing the church oh right now is open on a wednesday afternoon i think it is or is it late wednesday? yeah i think it's wednesday afternoon one till three think it's one till three i forget it
402. thought oh okay it was going a bit quiet wasn't it? yeah and then he done his own album mm pocket of faith and that on it oh yeah and then after this plant into the church thing sang really well wow seems so much on fire he's like i wanna go and see him to be honest at his church to see what it's like well yeah yeah seriously i saw an
403. and that on it oh yeah and then after this plant into the church thing sang really well wow seems so much on fire he's like i wanna go and see him to be honest at his church to see what it's like well yeah yeah seriously i saw an article in the guardian about it right i'm such an old man yeah yeah i think that'd be a cool thing to
405. and everything but oh right didn't quite come off oh what would you've asked him? i'd have asked him a few questions i think actually it'd be about planting with church oh okay cos yeah from what i've heard it sounded like it was a bit of an experience for them all cos obviously they'd never done it before yeah and it was a bit
406. cos obviously they'd never done it before yeah and it was a bit of a trip erm in yeah yeah but erm yeah i've heard so many like people talk about well church leaders talking about planting their first church and stuff like that it sounds really cool yeah who er who's been like a really interesting person from last year that you? someone who you i've caught
407. done it before yeah and it was a bit of a trip erm in yeah yeah but erm yeah i've heard so many like people talk about well church leaders talking about planting their first church and stuff like that it sounds really cool yeah who er who's been like a really interesting person from last year that you? someone who you i've caught my eye is carl martin yeah i
408. i think he's alright now sort of back to the gym now and starting to grow again but he's just had so much work on yeah so everyone thinks oh he's absent from church but it's not no it's not like that yeah he's just been busy that's kind of weird when everyone goes oh oh yeah it is you know it's like it
409. a few days a week and then one day of circuits and one day is rest oh okay so that works well though the circuits is always quite fun we started doing it with a bunch of guys from church who used to go down onto the field and do it okay all together at like seven o'clock in the morning and er we did it twice cos it was just so bad as in just so
410. do you think your thing'll set you up well for what what do you think it's set you up most for? has it set you up most for do like to do kind of church working? or planting? yeah or like w actually just working in general and living life? i think main the main thing that i've learnt this year is like from reading like the celebration of discipline
411. what is it you've gotta say to me? it's been pretty cool yeah but at the same time it's been really really nice seeing the youth grow in different ways in the church yeah so like yeah the main one for me has been incredible this year yeah and and that sort of age group but mainly's been the main influence i think on that group and has grown massively
412. okay yeah yeah just just go for it that way but in terms of listening i think that's really important cos yeah you know when you're fifteen you could still just in terms of church yeah go from that mm cos that's really how i learnt how to play drums i think just from hearing other people drumming and then that tau yeah taught me how to play yeah yeah that '
413. best at playing okay yeah cos they're too busy caught up in reading that they're actually in rhythm they're not always self - aware as well yeah yeah yeah especially in a church cos sometimes if you try and play it to a track that's actually not gonna work cos you need to thin it out cos yeah yeah you've gotta almost like act differently you
414. be outside of a bubble if it's if we say that so say you hang out with er you're the band mm er say you're working for bethel yeah or s or a church and you're you're on their team mm and you're like playing drums and then you you help you're like er mentoring a few kids and they're like doing stuff at
415. idea actually yeah that's good but yeah i don't think we should be afraid of culture and stuff no it's good we had a talk a little while ago about the body of church yeah and saying how it's so important that we need so many different people erm just in terms of instead of obviously saying we need we need a vicar we need a worship leader cos obviously
416. instead of obviously saying we need we need a vicar we need a worship leader cos obviously that's fairly self - explanatory yeah but saying how we need people who work in the church just what and they're people who work in the church for the church in terms of making it as good as it can be inside okay yeah as well as we need people working in the church for
417. a worship leader cos obviously that's fairly self - explanatory yeah but saying how we need people who work in the church just what and they're people who work in the church for the church in terms of making it as good as it can be inside okay yeah as well as we need people working in the church for the outside church as well as people who come to the church
418. cos obviously that's fairly self - explanatory yeah but saying how we need people who work in the church just what and they're people who work in the church for the church in terms of making it as good as it can be inside okay yeah as well as we need people working in the church for the outside church as well as people who come to the church for the outside
420. they're people who work in the church for the church in terms of making it as good as it can be inside okay yeah as well as we need people working in the church for the outside church as well as people who come to the church for the outside church yeah and people come f to the church for the church okay yeah yeah like the four different spheres oh that's cool and how obviously
422. terms of making it as good as it can be inside okay yeah as well as we need people working in the church for the outside church as well as people who come to the church for the outside church yeah and people come f to the church for the church okay yeah yeah like the four different spheres oh that's cool and how obviously if you don't have outreach no one's gonna be
423. can be inside okay yeah as well as we need people working in the church for the outside church as well as people who come to the church for the outside church yeah and people come f to the church for the church okay yeah yeah like the four different spheres oh that's cool and how obviously if you don't have outreach no one's gonna be new is gonna be coming in if you
424. okay yeah as well as we need people working in the church for the outside church as well as people who come to the church for the outside church yeah and people come f to the church for the church okay yeah yeah like the four different spheres oh that's cool and how obviously if you don't have outreach no one's gonna be new is gonna be coming in if you don't
425. if you don't have outreach no one's gonna be new is gonna be coming in if you don't have in - reach then you're too busy being out there and your church isn't surviving yeah yeah yeah obviously you've heard it all before but it's pretty cool just erm again no that's kind of cool to hear it as a model actually yeah
426. s kind of cool to hear it as a model actually yeah yeah that's kinda cool yeah that's quite fun trying to figure out wait hang on where are we? are we in the church? out the church? coming to the church? going out the church? are you where do you where do you fit yourself? i fit so if i'm in the church cos obviously i
428. model actually yeah yeah that's kinda cool yeah that's quite fun trying to figure out wait hang on where are we? are we in the church? out the church? coming to the church? going out the church? are you where do you where do you fit yourself? i fit so if i'm in the church cos obviously i'm doing the er internship for the church
429. ' s kinda cool yeah that's quite fun trying to figure out wait hang on where are we? are we in the church? out the church? coming to the church? going out the church? are you where do you where do you fit yourself? i fit so if i'm in the church cos obviously i'm doing the er internship for the church yeah but as well as
430. we in the church? out the church? coming to the church? going out the church? are you where do you where do you fit yourself? i fit so if i'm in the church cos obviously i'm doing the er internship for the church yeah but as well as that i'm outside the church cos i'm working as a chef yeah yeah but yeah i don
431. ? going out the church? are you where do you where do you fit yourself? i fit so if i'm in the church cos obviously i'm doing the er internship for the church yeah but as well as that i'm outside the church cos i'm working as a chef yeah yeah but yeah i don't know i haven't done much outreach this year in
432. do you fit yourself? i fit so if i'm in the church cos obviously i'm doing the er internship for the church yeah but as well as that i'm outside the church cos i'm working as a chef yeah yeah but yeah i don't know i haven't done much outreach this year in terms of yeah inviting people but at the same time i '
434. the one was you know it we had a good time snooker and mm table tennis and all the things that yeah kids do you know and play around and do yeah and then that got spoiled because the church took it over yeah you know when when the when blokes and and the woman who ran it left yeah the church took it over and what do you get? you get oh we must say our
435. you know and play around and do yeah and then that got spoiled because the church took it over yeah you know when when the when blokes and and the woman who ran it left yeah the church took it over and what do you get? you get oh we must say our prayers thank you for everything you know kids don't want no yeah and that was just it weren't it?
436. i'm sure the other women along the road used to try and outdo her but this mrs she used to sing there is a green hill far away well that always used to be like in church weren't it? yeah when you went to church there was always one little old lady who'd singing in a really powerful yes treble that's it yeah yeah warbling treble that
437. to try and outdo her but this mrs she used to sing there is a green hill far away well that always used to be like in church weren't it? yeah when you went to church there was always one little old lady who'd singing in a really powerful yes treble that's it yeah yeah warbling treble that's right yeah in spite of what the music called
438. close at four yeah here but then i suppose to match or reflect working times yeah but they should be open more so people can but the new government is very religious and traditional and conservative yeah yeah and church - driven so i suppose from that viewpoint you know to my mind erm i feel that christian dogma and catholic dogma in particular is at some level deliberately patriarchal mm and at some level yeah
442. is that true or is that? no that no that's true that's according to wikipedia and the bible oh because east each sunday obviously you go to mass on a sunday in the catholic church only this is and each sunday is a little easter you celebrate it as if it's easter whoa don't do that as if it's em easter so it's not lent so you
444. know if we've we've spoken before i know you're i'm no yes yes i know your name but i so what do you do? eh so i work for the church oh cool oh okay we have seen you around the office a bit there i've known quite a lot about this so yeah i just graduated this summer from doing history and english oh fun what are you
445. was giving talks and what was happening? so we had eh five lunch bars across the week mm hm the first two were done by our main speaker who's a guy called who works at a church near who is their assistant pastor mm mm what church is it in? he is at i don't know cos he said some i might i don't remember oh street ah right that '
446. had eh five lunch bars across the week mm hm the first two were done by our main speaker who's a guy called who works at a church near who is their assistant pastor mm mm what church is it in? he is at i don't know cos he said some i might i don't remember oh street ah right that's and em so he did the first two and
447. didn't work so legally they had to send us home cos it was below the whatever so i thought what should i do with myself and i i thought i'll going to see if church needs any help so i so this is well it was before i student's found it very amusing that there's like and all the others working away with these fingerless gloves and their like breath
448. oh it was just hers and he was like so you've come from one employment to another employment where completely different rules we just keep on going so ah it was just ah i started going to church about two weeks after it was finished so it was really? well done that's very good timing so i've heard the stories of like the cold winters and yeah there was this little oil boiler
449. s now waitrose made i suspect they're edible but so the bags weren't airtight they were in a brown you know well i think there's so are you having the whole church over for dinner? rather than actually yeah we're working through the directory we could start at a yeah everyone with a eh i don't know no what can i think of beginning with a?
450. actually yeah we're working through the directory we could start at a yeah everyone with a eh i don't know no what can i think of beginning with a? no more more the whole church mm mm that would be two hundred and eighty adults that would be a lot of lunches if one lunch are they that many? yeah if one lunch is okay one lunch might be ten people so you
451. a lot of lunches if one lunch are they that many? yeah if one lunch is okay one lunch might be ten people so you need twenty - eight so you could you could get the whole church six months w we're feeding them all on twenty - fourth of march that's gonna be nice yes i would say if you want to have the whole church over for lunch you have the whole
452. could you could get the whole church six months w we're feeding them all on twenty - fourth of march that's gonna be nice yes i would say if you want to have the whole church over for lunch you have the whole church or we could do a barbeque for them the garden's big enough yeah mm so the garden here isn't a garden it's like they
453. months w we're feeding them all on twenty - fourth of march that's gonna be nice yes i would say if you want to have the whole church over for lunch you have the whole church or we could do a barbeque for them the garden's big enough yeah mm so the garden here isn't a garden it's like they've basically paved it all paved the
454. that rock and roll was gonna be short lived and it it was elvis went in the army in nineteen fifty - eight eddie cochran died buddy holly died er little richard went back to erm to the church mm chuck berry was in prison jerry lee lewis was ostracised it really they really was short lived well until the beatles came by or yeah until or motown and you know mm mm yeah but it
456. s a new idea it's not from yeah and i'm thinking if it's if right i think it could be i think funnily enough when i was sitting in this er church hall listening to and i was looking and and my eye i wasn't glazing over but you know how you let your eyes defocus a bit? i could see round auras like
457. was surprised to see er abortion rights being clawed back so you know how the states play it where there has been the right to abortion but those rights are kind of being lost? yeah well the catholic church is always pissing about well and she said interestingly that she never expected us to keep all those rights first time round cos like ultimately all of this equality stuff is about ownership and ownership ultimately comes
500. looking at each other mm erm the area where people could sit and have their teas and coffees as well yeah but you could also and then i've seen it done in my old church at where you've got the pews you just put a plank a wood across the end nice piece of wood and you put you sell the stuff across the ends of the pews you see?
503. the winter if you've got the people going would you how would you like it? alright you're living in here and your kitchen is over there outside yeah yeah but it's a church service if you what's that? what are you talking about? well well when we're going to have erm well when we had when we had the the folk group when we had the
505. more difficult mm i think erm well it and the other thing is that the church actually suits some events better than the hall you can get more people in it looking in one direction yeah in the church than than the hall so it would be good if if there was anything and then they can work together that's not it's not there's not two separate things they can work together but
509. to head it up they want one person one person needs to be in charge of all of this yes yeah one person but we're all got jobs every every one of us that goes to that church does something yeah whether it be cleaning or or doing the catering for it or cleaning the outside area and maintaining it or doing pre we all do something mm yeah and it's a full going to be
510. well i don't know but at the minute i'm still yeah i'm still committed mm mm and if i stop signwriting then know he doesn't get any signs for his church cos i'm the one that i put in the bid for i put in the all the stuff that's gone in for permission to do it and about about a year down the line they
512. yeah what i was thinking is that if we're keeping it open and there's someone's got work to do they could bring their work down with them and do it there in the church they can what? bring their work down and do it in the church i could yeah you see? if i've got some work to do i could fetch it down and sit there at the table
515. ##er oh yeah erm phoned and er mm mm i hope i've i've got the information he sent to me i've forgotten what the beer glasses were for now? for church? oh they forgot to pass pass the information on to mm? no they're not they're for the erm er i can pass that on to who are they for then? for for
517. is very complicated and we i've never done the third verses and they're saying oh you can read it that's alright yeah so i'm gonna be doing doing this in the church and we won't have done it er yeah well it's all experience what are you doing for mm? all experience innit? mm what are you doing for christmas? i don't
520. right but it's a clever way of raising funds isn't it? cos yeah you win win win yeah don't you? well they do yeah so this this is in the church and erm so and i are going out there yeah that's on a that's on a saturday night i think or is it? not this one next saturday so she's having to
522. i haven't a clue so i don't want to know yeah be about six stone and said yesterday when he when he er i was talking to him about something else could be opening the church wednesday and saturdays next year that's gonna be it and erm there's a book that says when they're around when they are open yeah so people know but he he wanted to know
523. yeah there's no not no that's not okay exactly how it works i mean there's a that might be how they're saying it works but this is a bit like the church of england saying women can't be bishops when their completely against you anyway the um what love? well it was an interesting example this came up when i did one of my law taster day things
526. generally i was getting my lighter can burn in hell all the same general burning i something today well not in person but by proxy what? shouting at your ipad is what you mean head of the catholic church in scotland oh is it pretty obscene comments yeah i know he's been i thought burn in hell was a very appropriate response mm my favourite thing is that he going on about so they had to they
527. went last week mm that's cos i was at home and i still haven't still haven't gone anywhere in right erm but yes but i'm sorry if you catholic church i'm thinking if i had your history i would be going everyday possible to apologise for it not making matters worse in the present mm let's face it c of e isn '
528. of intolerance yeah right so i really felt like asking him so so there are a lot of people who think that eh so yeah someone who's black mm shouldn't be in the church what are your thoughts on that? maybe to i i so i actually said essentially well i personally feel that a white woman is far better able to be a bishop than a black man what are your thoughts
529. there's lots of eh in europe yeah yeah so in countries where condoms are illegal or like oh yeah or if their society's different attitudes towards and now we come back to the catholic catholic church church church yup all conversations return quickly to catholicism but another comment today that i loved was so right so the catholic church hasn't in the last ten years been so mobilised about an individual issue
530. ' s lots of eh in europe yeah yeah so in countries where condoms are illegal or like oh yeah or if their society's different attitudes towards and now we come back to the catholic catholic church church church yup all conversations return quickly to catholicism but another comment today that i loved was so right so the catholic church hasn't in the last ten years been so mobilised about an individual issue it
531. s lots of eh in europe yeah yeah so in countries where condoms are illegal or like oh yeah or if their society's different attitudes towards and now we come back to the catholic catholic church church church yup all conversations return quickly to catholicism but another comment today that i loved was so right so the catholic church hasn't in the last ten years been so mobilised about an individual issue it '
532. society's different attitudes towards and now we come back to the catholic catholic church church church yup all conversations return quickly to catholicism but another comment today that i loved was so right so the catholic church hasn't in the last ten years been so mobilised about an individual issue it's a pity what with paedophile priests aids third world poverty yeah et cetera that they w of all
533. interesting a bit more worthwhile so do you honestly want to punish people you don't like or help people? you're catholics mm sorry let me be more accurate you're the catholic church yeah i was gonna say it's slightly different i'm looking at the veg that are left there's two tiny pieces of carrot one piece of broccoli i'm i '
536. ' t post this on their wall then they're a bad person it's idiotic but that's how most religions operate as well mm yeah well if you don't go to church you're a bad person oh dear that's not very nice at all is it who sa? well not that many people say that nowadays not nowadays well they don't now in this country
539. kind to the dog no no terrible they're not are they? yeah mm and er i'm not gonna very smart today isn't it? yeah it should be are they going to church or something in the morning or with their sunday best on? yeah lovely what a lovely afternoon now isn't it? isn't it? what's the time one o'clock? one
540. cos i need to get there a bit early as i for the reasons i said that er mm you know it's very crowded on good friday yeah mm yeah it'll be a full church yeah huh yeah yeah i think i'm gonna go back to mine okay um and i'll i'll cos i've printed out the um tut user guide for my phone from
541. ' s not it's not gossip what we're talking about is we might actually discuss erm for instance what's going on at the conservative conference or talk about women priests in the church or my goodness anything mm but they just couldn't seem to and they said would you be charging for this? and i said well obviously i'd have to ask people for the money in order
542. to keep fit on a friday morning right i've been away so i haven't been for a while but that is quite important i suppose when do you do that then? i go to church hall oh yes i went for a couple of weeks the dancing to music thing? well it's very dancey isn't it? yes it is yes yes and i kept going the wrong way
544. m i'm very active oh tell me about is it st george's? yes yes yes well erm i don't i i said i didn't want to belong to the church council i've done that elsewhere and it all seems very intensive here oh right they're very much delegated to them by by the vicar who i have a great deal of respect for erm
545. wants a prayer at the service you pray with them like a standard prayer yes right erm and otherwise oh yes the other thing is that i order the bible reading fellowship booklets on behalf of the church oh right you've heard of them i'm sure parts erm yes i have yes i think so yes yes and they're still going strong are they? oh right and that was that
549. ' re talking about erm seventy - eight erm nineteen eighty early nineteen eighty we're talking and i remember you know what jesus said about the moneylenders and and transactions going on in church of course nobody takes any notice about that now we've got we've got cafes we've got erm gift shops and all yes i can't believe it how how the church as
550. church of course nobody takes any notice about that now we've got we've got cafes we've got erm gift shops and all yes i can't believe it how how the church as an institution has divorced itself from christianity and i find that very hard to to to take on board erm and yeah so yes i was i remember being absolutely amazed and i went to it was a
551. skirt which was very nice but i i often say to my husband he said do you really think that they would have allowed have allowed that to happen at? erm because the other thing too about church was er just very briefly be i'm sure you've had enough by now but erm just very briefly it's very interesting well erm my husband and i met twenty - one years
552. erm we were both erm you know quite mature by then and er he and his parents had lived in this area for years and he'd been an altar boy erm for years at church uhu and erm he erm we were we were living in erm and erm we were going to get married and and he said well i'd like to get married at church er
553. church uhu and erm he erm we were we were living in erm and erm we were going to get married and and he said well i'd like to get married at church erm although i haven't been because i'm you know er well he used to go to the eight o'clock quite rightly but he hadn't been for a while mm and
554. rightly but he hadn't been for a while mm and it was during the interregnum and we rang up and the secretary told me there was no chance we could get married at church i thought when i thought think of the time after my mum died and and erm for four years i to my father while he was vicar of and i had to i was nursing full time and i
555. having the undertaker ring me up when i got home for four years i don't know how i survived goodness me and then and and you know and then they weren't even marrying me at church and i i plus i didn't have the fortitude to explain to her a bit about my life it just made me so totally angry and i thought that is typical of bureaucracy and not only in
556. i plus i didn't have the fortitude to explain to her a bit about my life it just made me so totally angry and i thought that is typical of bureaucracy and not only in the church but in the nhs in everywhere i mean yesterday we went to have for a meal and we could only eat so much and we could only drink coffee for this special price and in the end and i didn
558. and we had a yeah sounds lovely everybody did all they could to make it nice but has never got over the fact fact yes with all my background exactly erm we couldn't get married in church no exactly well my father when he was vicar of he he made it his business to marry divorced people i mean he was it wasn't really then the thing to do but he had lots and lots
561. priest quite it's mostly dodgy i think it's funny er primary schools are lot worse for that though see primary schools mostly are run by most of them are patroned by the catholic church or to be honest that's why the there are a lot of like first communion and confirmation and all that but at least now they when i went to school you were taught catechism by rot
563. we don't actually have them in the alphabet i know but there's yeah but if you if you said but we can draw it that's what you're saying yeah as in church so you can't write in there's no ch sound in greek the greek like like if you go they don't have bunch of sounds in all fairness they got alpha yeah it's
564. hour is it an hour? isn't it? six pound an hour yeah but i think for the residents around here yeah yeah er you'll be included now cos you're the church i should think mm i think it was twelve pound for the whole was it? for the whole thing? yeah oh well that's good for the evening that's good i think yeah but it
566. yeah we used to go to the school all the time is there like a big religion in korea like is there like? christian it is becoming christian catholic christian at the minute it's about the church is becoming massive there thirty percent buddhists oh really? i'd say it's about thirty percent buddhist and about sixty to seventy percent christian or catholic every like every like street almost fuck has got
569. got married if we are married for a month a christian marriage with a christian marriage that apparently holds some weight but yeah it is it's just how it is it's to like keep the church going it's more like we've been this pra yeah i agree yeah and it's we've been so pragmatic about marriage that you might not even change your name because
571. know was a teacher there was two black kids in his class but oh i'm sorry one was called erm and was like really quite big and like that she should be in an american south church and the other girl was called and her name was as in like festering pustule festina or festival? and whatever and yeah i know should look on the bright side of this no that '
575. ? no why not? yeah what's your excuse? um i went to and i said that it made me angry made you angry? yeah the the thought of having to do another thing for church made me really angry and i thought that maybe i needed to sort out my heart and i needed to pray about it before i could do it good one i was gonna say i was a little bit worried
576. i said that it made me angry er it really does make me angry it still is making me angry yeah why? so um because er i'm fed up i can't do any more church things in my week it's ridiculous i don't ever see anyone else i don't ever do anything else mm like i get into school and i er like my partner teacher will be like
577. t ever see anyone else i don't ever do anything else mm like i get into school and i er like my partner teacher will be like oh like so what did you do last night? church what did you do last night? church what did you do la? oh yeah i was at church last night yeah i was at home group last night yeah i was at prayer tr yeah and it '
578. t ever do anything else mm like i get into school and i er like my partner teacher will be like oh like so what did you do last night? church what did you do last night? church what did you do la? oh yeah i was at church last night yeah i was at home group last night yeah i was at prayer tr yeah and it's ridiculous mm yeah um i've
579. i er like my partner teacher will be like oh like so what did you do last night? church what did you do last night? church what did you do la? oh yeah i was at church last night yeah i was at home group last night yeah i was at prayer tr yeah and it's ridiculous mm yeah um i've got to spend some time with people who are not christians yeah
580. it's just another er for me it's just another thing mm um and it's another thing er at a time when you feel probably if you're anything like me that mm church should actually be helping you say no to things by not offering you more things and certainly not by telling you you ought to be doing yeah well we weren't really offered it were we we were to
581. i i'm not i don't know what i think about pathfinder leading now cos i think it's quite hard and i think mm if you've just started coming to church or you wanna get involved and you wanna get serving i think it would be a really hard place to to get serving like i think you're really well supported mm but i think a lot of is
582. sad that he's going to be doing it as well is he? i didn't know about this oh yeah he is taking over from er so he's gonna be employed um by church next year to be doing half admin and half running grafted really? yep yeah wow okay i didn't know that that's cool so we lose him from pathfinders? but we
583. new stupid hollywood blockbuster go buy it or watch it or whatever in cinemas um yeah so big fat geek festival basically wow um there you go when did you get back? we got back in time for church mm sunday evening so where was it? south wales? north wales north wales prestatyn so it was quite a way to go best place in the world it was just friday evening and saturday is that
584. to accept that you know fundamentally we're all imperfect people um er and whenever you get more than one imperfect person in a place you've got trouble brewing hence why you never have a perfect church yeah and if you do then you must completely not leave cos you'll ruin it mm the thing you think about a church you know you've got a bunch of people all going damn i
585. you've got trouble brewing hence why you never have a perfect church yeah and if you do then you must completely not leave cos you'll ruin it mm the thing you think about a church you know you've got a bunch of people all going damn i'm screwed i need a saviour turning up in the same building that's never gonna wind up nice yeah i was
586. building that's never gonna wind up nice yeah i was trying to explain that to er my colleague who thought that she was asking me whether i di whether i thought that maybe heaven might be the church now and i was like have you been to a church? yeah exactly i mean it would be i could kind of see her point if you really idolize the church community and failed to see any of
588. that maybe heaven might be the church now and i was like have you been to a church? yeah exactly i mean it would be i could kind of see her point if you really idolize the church community and failed to see any of the problems with it then you could be like well maybe this was a manifestation of you know to some extent it is the embodied christ it is but not in a final
589. went in there once well i'm sure i've been somewhere with you where there's a house which is like that of course there there was that one time that she invited everybody from church invited everyone from church round for lunch oh yeah and we ate in the dining room didn't we? yeah who are you talking about? invited everyone round to to's for lunch oh really?
590. well i'm sure i've been somewhere with you where there's a house which is like that of course there there was that one time that she invited everybody from church invited everyone from church round for lunch oh yeah and we ate in the dining room didn't we? yeah who are you talking about? invited everyone round to to's for lunch oh really? oh really? mm
604. been alright but oh right we really thought you get further over well that's what we were gonna do in the end that's why we went back to the yeah we went back to the church mm to go back yeah but we'd have been la really really late but i mean mm mm we'd have been home but at the same time i it's the one time i wanted
607. oh she better not i'll say er how about a smile? yeah yeah you should point the camera smile smile smile oh no yes no it's going to be great standing up in a church oh could the godparents please come forward? yes that'll be my sister and our friends mm mm oh i don't know it's not as if she hasn't got the
609. basically went travelling for a while uh - huh i'm tr er he had a sabbatical sabbatical that's it um mm and he er sounds like he's joining the church or something doesn't it yeah that's right and i think he went to peru for i think four or five months so i was covering for him mhm so i had regular hours but i
610. have a they have a licence they would have to play music yeah and and you pay so much per year and then that gets split between everybody yeah yeah that's right erm yeah and the church has all got one as well yeah but and so for worship you can't you can't play other stuff you can't you're not allowed er for instance just to play music you
611. stirs up loads of people have got wrong with each other yeah on facebook it's such a shame isn't it? one that works is well they started one up erm for for church and that works quite well cos if they have an event they post the event yeah and then they ask people who want to come yeah erm and that seems to work quite well yeah well there '
612. and that seems to work quite well yeah well there's no erm no er competition there is there? there's no founder though it was just all just all people that go to the church just just people that go yeah otherwise you wouldn't know about it but then i mean there there are arguments within the church groups as well aren't there? only they people get mm wrong with
613. no founder though it was just all just all people that go to the church just just people that go yeah otherwise you wouldn't know about it but then i mean there there are arguments within the church groups as well aren't there? only they people get mm wrong with each other because something happened sometimes yeah that's awful innit? mm what happened to the the bishop? that blok
614. only they people get mm wrong with each other because something happened sometimes yeah that's awful innit? mm what happened to the the bishop? that bloke who used to go got to church? they called him the bishop yeah i know but he weren't a bishop well he moved to d bodeberda did he? oh right yeah mm erm there was all sorts of funny
616. ? because it was a proper organ sound yeah erm and then year years af no no hang on before i knew that before i knew that i asked where it it had gone she's the church accountant and and listen do you know where that that that little organ had oh no that that that'll be down in erm i said have you sold it? she said no no that'll
617. don't think it is down there oh i'll look into that then and then but it wasn't a while after that he left so it may well have been it being he was church warden see you see yeah and he may well have been up to wrong he did give the church he was a strange the fifty pound then did he? pardon? did he give the church the fifty pound
618. it wasn't a while after that he left so it may well have been it being he was church warden see you see yeah and he may well have been up to wrong he did give the church he was a strange the fifty pound then did he? pardon? did he give the church the fifty pound? i think it was eighty but it's still was a stupid price yeah yeah er but
620. and i want you to sing as well oh crikey what and and we managed it oh right we managed it it yeah? it's you wouldn't have put your name down for church rhythmic playing if you if you di weren't churchy would you? no you see? yeah and we managed it and it was lovely and then erm at the service this morning we were all
621. mm erm and then they played another piece at the end as well and that was that's what they'd done the day before yeah they'd had one and a half hours on church music wow yeah it's a brilliant brilliant two days i wish i i would have liked that one shown i i know why i didn't put my name down cos i wasn't quite
622. different mm i had my doubts a few years ago what? oh i know i didn't finish what i was saying you know i was saying about how you can mm i was going into about church and you can write these chords out? who plays with us she said well i've got a a a really good children's set of bells not cheap ones up in my loft and they haven
630. he's got a lovely face hasn't he? yeah he has you can see him he's lovely i was the first person everyone saw when they came in the church with with here he took you to church? yeah the church mice that's why i'm called free i'm called free and i'm free i'm free i'm free
631. a lovely face hasn't he? yeah he has you can see him he's lovely i was the first person everyone saw when they came in the church with with here he took you to church? yeah the church mice that's why i'm called free i'm called free and i'm free i'm free i'm free i'm free he's alright
632. ' t he? yeah he has you can see him he's lovely i was the first person everyone saw when they came in the church with with here he took you to church? yeah the church mice that's why i'm called free i'm called free and i'm free i'm free i'm free i'm free he's alright ain't he
638. of year to start it in the summer maybe when the church is open on the saturdays i could go and sit in there and practise yeah and that would be a good opportunity and keep the church sort of manned as well erm mm and also i'd be playing for people you see so that would also help nerves yeah and and prac and then on the wednesday when it's open
639. so they've tidied all that up now oh they're doing a wonderful job and that's their wednesdays every wednesday they go down they have lunch down there you know so church too didn't they? no no not those two who are they then? no these we've got the two that come go to church so there's who's well who did the
640. go down they have lunch down there you know so church too didn't they? no no not those two who are they then? no these we've got the two that come go to church so there's who's well who did the church? cos they did it voluntary i'm sure they did no no that that's oh is it? oh who did the what
641. didn't they? no no not those two who are they then? no these we've got the two that come go to church so there's who's well who did the church? cos they did it voluntary i'm sure they did no no that that's oh is it? oh who did the what which bit are you talking about? well all the all the
642. to give up your allotment and my agreement was that when that graveyard is full the allotments are the next bit they'll use are they? yeah cos that belongs to the church does it? oh as well so so then the graves will move up into that bit as well oh mm mm so there's still a lot of room there yeah yeah you were talking about our church
649. was a ship you see and you you enter the ship from the bow end yeah bit and so always the door is at the end of the nave and it and it's life going through the church you start off in the fonts the west end oh yeah don't you? yeah your your church life and you gradually head and then the bit and everybody's all up the east end that
650. door is at the end of the nave and it and it's life going through the church you start off in the fonts the west end oh yeah don't you? yeah your your church life and you gradually head and then the bit and everybody's all up the east end that that's how it all progressed oh right erm and and the high altar's at the east
658. keep going forever won't they? yeah yeah but the the t you know there's there's and it's funny cos one service when i hadn't been at the church for long there they said and we really want to thank erm and for the work that they're doing here cos they they've really that church is beautiful inside now yeah and they '
665. ? yeah yeah i shouldn't have said it should i? it doesn't matter i said something the other day and i had to apologise oh had just who's the church warden at now she's a lovely lass well they're all a lovely family erm and their dog died about ten days ago yeah he'd been funny for a while he'd got
666. be happy now now the children are grown up to have him for for a week? when you go on holiday? well maybe but i don't even see them they don't come to church or anything now mm? i don't see them they don't come to church you don't see them? no no okay i thought you did i give them a card each christmas last
668. doesn't it underneath? it comes all lights up erm but i think it's getting a bit tired and it's been used a lot what do they say about it at the church? well they haven't said anything but i've suggested they think up something up some other slogan erm and was saying it might be an idea to keep the who cares thing going you know
676. you were part of the roman catholic church up until henry the eighth henry the eighth yeah erm you know and some of the ccrusades they did are not just against muslims but against other christians where they killed thousands yeah it was horre
677. so iiit is sectarian it's not religious but how many er why why do we label people? well because it's an easy way to categorise people you can tell which church they go to and then you you you have a conflict yeah yeah but there there have always been conflicts i mean i di di don't think you can you can say that yes things have been done
678. else no no he was good at that hey i think i'd better cos old's been on his own quite a while now yeah yeah and you've gotta be up early for church in the morning yeah mm yeah no it's saturday tomorrow you've both been oh it's saturday tomorrow ain't it? been working since before nine well seven i started at seven this
679. m that's where the footballers go yeah what's this one called? where the footballers go the lodge the lodge that's a better name for it it's run by the methodist church isn't it? is it really? there's a fish the er oh oh do you know the methodists they might but be selling fish what the christian fish? oh the christian fish i
680. ' s absolutely appalled by they're supposed to do philosophy and economi er philosophy and ethics mm and they're not supposed to do christianity but she's got the most oh evangelical church teacher who's making her do all this christian stuff which drives her absolutely bonkers really? cos she can't bear being told what you know what to believe or what to think or whatever
681. re giv they're giving up all carbohydrates and split it up that maybe is spelt flour it was awful was it? i got dressed up this time you went to church it's my church uniform this shirt's got no got no buttons on look it's got a button missing there a button missing and i always wear it to church why is that? pardon
682. re giving up all carbohydrates and split it up that maybe is spelt flour it was awful was it? i got dressed up this time you went to church it's my church uniform this shirt's got no got no buttons on look it's got a button missing there a button missing and i always wear it to church why is that? pardon? i don't
683. time you went to church it's my church uniform this shirt's got no got no buttons on look it's got a button missing there a button missing and i always wear it to church why is that? pardon? i don't know cos it i have a church uniform i suppose i'm not used to sticking what do you mean you have a jumper that is same jumper
684. no buttons on look it's got a button missing there a button missing and i always wear it to church why is that? pardon? i don't know cos it i have a church uniform i suppose i'm not used to sticking what do you mean you have a jumper that is same jumper same trousers yeah but if you you you you should have well well worn as long as it
686. particular sunday erm she didn't just for me she made several people erm she's specialist at at at sausage casseroles she's brilliant actually and erm it went to church and i didn't turn up that one i she was preaching and i when i got there i was so late from world one i went to she was half way through the sermon well most of the
687. then on a monday a phone call for the theta has got a sausage casserole in her fridge and it's a very holy cow sausage casserole because it spent a whole service in church and now it's in the fridge at's and could you go and collect it please it's my christmas present to you it's taken me all this whole month before i made it
688. if it doesn't taste nice don't have it that's the rules no no it was lovely yeah it was really good yeah but she's if ever she does anything for the church she does sausage casseroles and's speciality is a er parsnip and something soup and yours is spicy morrison's apple pies isn't it? it is yes but
689. a maximum of yeah but how do we five million know they really do that? well they they've got to because cafod is you know it's er it's organized by the church it's huge and the church would hold the government to re to ransom if they didn't mm ransom it would be in every p newspaper yeah absolutely and cameron will lose the next election mm mm
690. we five million know they really do that? well they they've got to because cafod is you know it's er it's organized by the church it's huge and the church would hold the government to re to ransom if they didn't mm ransom it would be in every p newspaper yeah absolutely and cameron will lose the next election mm mm well i'll f give my
691. riling people up well and maybe that's what he wanted and there are um he was quite antagonistic and there are mormons aren't there th yeah who are americans because the mormon church is was founded in er utah mhm s salt lake c salt lake city um you can spot them because they're usually wearing suits aren't they they usually wear grey suits so they they '
692. don't know probably not what do they do that the diocese can't? well all of that stuff is erm hierarchical that was in that was the thing between the roman and the celtic church wasn't it? yeah the roman church thrust dioceses and stuff on everybody the bureaucracy mm control yeah it's all at and a hierarchy yes so you can aspire to be do you want?
693. do that the diocese can't? well all of that stuff is erm hierarchical that was in that was the thing between the roman and the celtic church wasn't it? yeah the roman church thrust dioceses and stuff on everybody the bureaucracy mm control yeah it's all at and a hierarchy yes so you can aspire to be do you want? what? a canon or something canon yeah i
694. got an well she's bright red hair tall no cos i said is it? and she said yes ooh she's got two children maybe's they were er were they at church? yes they we're in front sitting in front of me on sunday we haven't got no we've got an we haven't got an maybe it was two little children? no
704. and then eat that amount and then see how we feel cos you see down the road they've only got one pizza dish so he can only do one at once are you all going to church in the morning? yes is playing his cajon you know the drum the peruvian drum what time? half ten is it half ten? will be where do you play at the top where we can '
714. yeah yeah people are going to have their hand in the till no matter what aren't they? well of course they are yeah you know i mean you read about you know play schools parish councils church hall committees they're forever you know finding out that someone's been ripping them off yeah yeah you know yeah they do the treasurer running away with that always reminds me of the that tesco thing
715. that is not using the f word doughnut mm is eating that doughnut so is my face mm and er yes and i'm i'm doing hoop tomorrow eve well tomorrow afternoon at the church hooping and then i'm doing hoop on monday a evening and's babysitting and then i'm doing hoop oh no i'm doing a boring teaching session on thursday evening and
718. the tsar yeah to get his express permission mm so he was very much in control of people's lives i think he was involved and in some ways he seemed very interlinked with the the church the russian orthodox church yes which was a fundamental part of many russian people's lives yes i think they had a big following yes i think his reputation was brought down erm further along the line i
719. get his express permission mm so he was very much in control of people's lives i think he was involved and in some ways he seemed very interlinked with the the church the russian orthodox church yes which was a fundamental part of many russian people's lives yes i think they had a big following yes i think his reputation was brought down erm further along the line i think one thing that
721. d never forget it would you? no cos the er from a russian orthodox background mm it probably would contradict the erm yes the morale er morals yes the moral and ethics mm that the church whether they thought there were working for the good of russia or whether they were just operating under instruction it's still it's a big thing to do isn't it? absolutely mm yeah it
725. s quite a lot of those that you see yeah so people drowning or something yes yes someone could you know gone overboard over a ship or anything yeah yes yeah but erm they had to go to church really in those days but somewhere amongst that stuff i got that stuff i got a great letter written by a oh yeah about the minister at the time erm oh wrwriting to the i don't
726. to be going yeah you know and i mean that was why there was a move away in a way because the ch the chapels the minister spoke in welsh ah er and so they moved away from the church of england because they were bringing in the mini english - speaking you know people to yeah yeah and er that's why i ju i love the social history yeah it is great isn't it?
727. s what was written in the register that's terrible you know it was really buried in the grave like a dog yes yes yes and the way and a baptist you see because he wasn't church of england so so i i i it's amazing love all those things and some of it i just have to they're amusing little stories as well in a way you know yes yes yes it
728. army records and newspapers things i've got on the's is lovely i've got quite a few newspaper cuttings that i found online wonderful and they because they were all out congregation and church playing the piano and singing how nice all of the sisters a nice family idea isn't it? mm but but i i the one i've got the best is from my mother's family
730. think if i do want to get married soon i'm probably gonna have to back down on that cos i'm not going to convince him otherwise what is it you want about a catholic church marriage? just because i dunno it's more of childhood thing like i just wanted to get married in the church i've always gone to and i still go to when i go back to
732. nice part of hereford but then i thought actually hereford's so beautiful there's so many other places we could get married that would still be as nice mm what's he got against the church? he just doesn't really agree with catholicism really? which is fair enough and i just though you know i'd rather get married to him in a place we're both happy and comfortable
735. d have as many issues but he just he's like oh i don't like catholicism it's like a cult so i think it's more cos it's a catholic church and he's okay with you being catholic? yeah yeah he's fine with that but i don't think he'd want our kids to be or anything are you are you pract
736. like going somewhere you know and having that familiar a you know it was like really familiar mm comforting yeah it was so yeah it was weird and i didn't think i would kind of go to church when i was away at all and i did ah but it's fine i've kind of got over the fact now we're not gonna have a catholic wedding yeah are you gonna still dress
738. good it was and nearly peed himself that brough that got brought up like three or four times yesterday he was like sat there like nearly crying cos he thought he was gonna pee himself in church cos i'd been drinking oh yeah yeah and obviously needed the toilet i had to sit there for about an hour and a half desperate god doesn't judge i eventually ha got to point where
746. like that mm and and and on one side the chinese are are being very supportive of erm different religions and different groups yes mm mm but erm there was one chap that attached to this church who was a bit outspoken and erm and so the next picture you see is that erm the erm this er the diggers moved in oh no and they they completely erm they raised it
752. t put a screw in anything no no so i think i'll have a a big lump of something so it's so it's on your table is it? outside but when the church is open on this is something that we can use oh from now on you know it can sit in the church when people visit the church oh right and oh i see put money in there as well mm
753. it's so it's on your table is it? outside but when the church is open on this is something that we can use oh from now on you know it can sit in the church when people visit the church oh right and oh i see put money in there as well mm so that yeah i've i've got most of the bits i think for ththis oh great
766. students are here probably yeah they're quite nice little houses yeah almshouses i imagine they are right what's an almshouse? almshouses are houses that were built by the church for erm old people do they fish do they still do that? no well they should be it was a sort of movement in in the nineteenth century in fact quite until i don't know very
773. s it's it's like i er i thought he was catholic and i assumed he was catholic and i asked him and he said i think he was said it was a black - led church whatever that means whether it's catholic as well i don't know i think it was different mm erm yeah we our church services are a bit more erm en charismatic? entertaining entertaining?
774. said i think he was said it was a black - led church whatever that means whether it's catholic as well i don't know i think it was different mm erm yeah we our church services are a bit more erm en charismatic? entertaining entertaining? liturgical non non - liturgical oh i think no matter where you go mosque services are boring yeah? they're always speaking arabic and no
775. man and it was her her her her as had been it was aamazing yeah yeah this wa you wouldn't know it was just yeah do you know th qui i think quite amazingly some church er er i mean not a not a an orthodox one i mean one of the more er non - conformist one has just baptised i i think i think she's six and she's been
776. be baptised as whatever it is or whatever because she had been baptised as but why? so aged six oh she was a boy who wants to be a girl well apparently and and the that happens this church has actually yeah agreed to sort of baptise her but i mean it's quite amazing that a six - year - old erm c you know could think i don't i don '
777. ##m well you were all brought well no you weren't but you were well obviously not my mum no no no well no but i think yeah well it's still not allowed in the catholic church actually no no it's not allowed in the catholic church but i'm talking about availability i think you had to be married or something for what? to get it to get contraception well i
778. but you were well obviously not my mum no no no well no but i think yeah well it's still not allowed in the catholic church actually no no it's not allowed in the catholic church but i'm talking about availability i think you had to be married or something for what? to get it to get contraception well i don't i i the pill you did then you did
780. choice yeah i like that it's not christmassy at all it was really good oh bless and they're only six years old yeah ah one of the play groups goes to one of the church ones they were er yes this week they were handing out nativity costumes so they could go to a nativity play theme thing and the church on sunday i was like i can't ju mm luckily
783. ' ve worked for like seven different people and nobody i got a call from er we'd like to invite you to the christmas party what is it? what do they do? going to the church house in next friday for lunch oh that will be nice yeah three course meal do they pay for it? yup and i think is not going to be working so i can go and i can have
784. word or does she think that i didn't ask about it cos when she started compare when she said that the reason that pe erm that erm there was a scandal in the catholic church for paedophiles is because they were gay at at that point i was like i'm not gonna this is too much for me already as soon as she says gay people are the i was
785. she didn't say the word homosexuals are paedophiles but she said but she connected the two and said that and said the reason that there were paedophiles in the catholic church was because of homosexuals in the catholic church or was she supporting that? in the catholic church no she was saying she was saying cos i don't think i generally thought that she was like
786. are paedophiles but she said but she connected the two and said that and said the reason that there were paedophiles in the catholic church was because of homosexuals in the catholic church or was she supporting that? in the catholic church no she was saying she was saying cos i don't think i generally thought that she was like aggressive in how no she said that they were
787. connected the two and said that and said the reason that there were paedophiles in the catholic church was because of homosexuals in the catholic church or was she supporting that? in the catholic church no she was saying she was saying cos i don't think i generally thought that she was like aggressive in how no she said that they were the cause of it okay okay right right i i
793. just one? might be both of them i don't know yeah not sure your mum must have been very religious in those days she was wasn't she? she doesn't go into church any more yeah no she doesn't no it's interesting oh no no is it quite sad what's happened to the church really beg pardon? sad what's happened cos the churches
795. every sunday now but he goes a lot yeah well mmum said he's nearly always goes there yes the way he was brought up i suppose that's right they just the problem is the church hasn't changed not really no and society has yeah so they need to adapt and they're not prepared to i suppose i i didn't you go occasionally do you? about twice a year
796. oh that's good he he gives himself a yes there and walks out to the back good that's good and shakes hands with most people yes i think the thing for me about the catholic church is they don't do much in the community the wider community oh the catholic priests are fine you know they go round and they visit people as they should but the parishioners are not encouraged to
797. to go out into the community and help the poor and if that wasn't the message of jesus then i don't know what was no but the other churches are much better like the baptist church and the salvation army they're much more involved i think they must be a little bit better off now than they used to be mm not as i go to them i know they do have meetings together
798. i know they do have meetings together ah that's good you know because they've got the and there's another yes well that seems sensible i mean it seems silly all having our own church doesn't it really? yeah yeah i mean it's all the same god so yeah we hope it is yeah yes so it seems a bit s so why do we need different churches? yeah
799. yeah yeah it seems madness well of course i suppose religions died away a lot now yes but it was all very divisive i mean well i mean when terrible if they haven't been to church yes they make them go to confessions or whatever it was they don't have it any more do they? no no it's not a big thing no well it used to be a big thing
803. reason saturday and sunday should be the weekend is there just cos our culture does it we've just set it well saturday was the sabbath wasn't it? well some and sunday was the church day and sunday was the day the sun so they maybe they go to church on a thursday or friday yeah perhaps perhaps their religion is sort of yeah different days for church yeah cos they're muslims
804. does it we've just set it well saturday was the sabbath wasn't it? well some and sunday was the church day and sunday was the day the sun so they maybe they go to church on a thursday or friday yeah perhaps perhaps their religion is sort of yeah different days for church yeah cos they're muslims aren't they? yeah yeah yeah they muslims? yeah yeah thank you
805. well some and sunday was the church day and sunday was the day the sun so they maybe they go to church on a thursday or friday yeah perhaps perhaps their religion is sort of yeah different days for church yeah cos they're muslims aren't they? yeah yeah yeah they muslims? yeah yeah thank you very much are we all done? yeah are we right yeah well if there are any er
808. go to birmingham i know i know i know i i i got a phone call early on the sunday morning the sunday morning they couldn't get hold of the head because the head had gone to church but they di there was a fair chance they'd get hold of me on a sunday morning would i get hold of the s they and they were because the k you can imagine the type of family
813. of exhortation mm in advertising and they don't buy everything from everyone who gives them the old the story so it is not going to work when you ask people to reconsider their church giving no what you actually have to give them is the considered and careful yeah presentation about the real cost and their a recommended level of giving for people to think over for themselves yes and i think that passion
815. to leave their imprint yeah you really nee legacy a legacy yes that's right their legacy and erm tut that's a nightmare when they do that mm yeah and of course in the church sector a lot of practices that work with churches are that senior partner who wants to work on the grade one building everybody wants to work on a grade one building and leave something in it because they know it
821. time ago i still haven't got in there it was shoddy oh really i still haven't managed to get in there i will have to go i am going to have to go to church there or something one sunday to get in there to have a look it seems to be the only way to get in there and have a look i mean today you can't even find out who rudd
822. managed and i managed but not ever yeah not that you can even park in there or anything no it is a bit mad mm from what it has been through has been quite interesting mm that was the church which actually lost the arch deacon his job he was encouraged to retire where a bunch of clergy this is way off i mean it may have been something when i reached being a vicar no it was after i
823. whatever it was he made the remark go through well accepted it and may have even put it in writing and he accepted it and went with their candidate the white guy but you know it is like a church being able to say we don't think we are ready for a woman yet but of well a lot of them a lot of them feel they are able to say that now well they aren't
824. right which i still think is a bit of an old fudge is it worth it? this is going to be interesting one of the most highly recommended people to be the first woman bishop in the church of england is black i know i know her quite well she would be quite good i mean she would as good as any other crappy male vicar i mean bishop i don't think she will be
825. ##py male vicar i mean bishop i don't think she will be stunning in lots of ways and what about thingy though? oh she wants it like the end of yeah they asked her in church the other day and she said i wouldn't even think about my own she said i am praying that they would choose the right person bloody hell does she want it well i knew her when she was
826. s chaplain to the house of c i mean all sorts of stuff she has got into because she's really really well presented now incredibly well and i just really think it would be lovely for the church of england for their first woman bishop i know that would be a yeah that would be superb wouldn't it oh my god what's the time my car is parked how strict are they with car
829. mm hmm i mean think of your spaghetti no i'm fine think of something else mm yeah these footballers really got on your nerves this week i mean how many of them do you think go to church? mm that's right and it makes me so angry when they run out onto the pitch and they do all this like catholic you know ha ha they don't even know what it represents i
840. so that's like being manipulated by basically was like he's saying so that side we we had to check out each of our tenants could really pay yeah erm i think there was another church write help them look at their plans cos they had something like an after school club coming into their church hall and erm their grant from their local authority to pay for the it was gonna be paid
843. and no skills to do that kind of consideration that we were looking at right but he leads them into chaos mm or actually i know one moment he's done it too erm adapted the whole church or project that by the time the church opens didn't exist but nor were there any replacements no like we had a list of people that we bettered properly before we allowed a commitment erm it
844. consideration that we were looking at right but he leads them into chaos mm or actually i know one moment he's done it too erm adapted the whole church or project that by the time the church opens didn't exist but nor were there any replacements no like we had a list of people that we bettered properly before we allowed a commitment erm it was a special needs group that a large
845. still cost thirty - six thousand pounds a year to run the building mm just to keep it open? yeah and that's without anybody actually being in any other part of the building apart from the church space mm because you would still need to insure the whole thing mm and although erm our friend from thinks that perhaps the insurance on a church as part of the building might be cheaper than the insurance
849. i tend to well yeah sorry yeah push hard to get the money use yeah to construct a servery but once they've got it iit's always enough yeah erm there is one church i've been working with that erm had determined they had to have a kitchen because they want to have a project for the homeless yup er serving lunch every day mm every weekday mm er at
850. went on and had a kitchen both mm being built at the moment and it was it's a bit of foolishness because they've only got about twenty - five or thirty people in the church they've got a number of pensioners who use are using it all voluntarily and it it just to keep the church going yeah who are not interested in turning up to ba make lunches every day
851. because they've only got about twenty - five or thirty people in the church they've got a number of pensioners who use are using it all voluntarily and it it just to keep the church going yeah who are not interested in turning up to ba make lunches every day no and they've not talked about how they're gonna get the money for the food and the ingredients and who
854. asked him if he was alright to see if he was dead or alive turned up he was alive but he claimed the case and stuff like that erm what and you get a lot of in the church yard but you've got you've also then you've got to have something you to say couldn't do there's no point in you opening the doors in your inner and letting
855. and then falling coma you know where they and being your steps yeah with their hepatitis and their aids and all the other things they're carrying in their blood and yeah then the old ladies come to church and don't understand why it matters yeah yeah it's it's all of that stuff that people need to understand and also how they're going to pay for example i mean this is
856. five people and you've got quite a lot of money yeah and they still have a mindset of you've got to do things really cheap or give them away if you're a church yeah yeah and that's not true no you've got to be able to make the hard decisions mm erm some people some churches i work with will understand that yeah well if i could if
859. you remember who was setting up the structure for? i was absolutely determined i don't know how many of this is true i just think it's common sense i've been around the church but we we needed to have a group who were guiding officers body yeah that would make the hard decisions like if someone's not paying the rent we throw them out yeah because all of those people depend
861. of said oh no you can just carry on and no oh so it's obviously there's obviously something behind the question well he he but yeah structured the only one he knows is the broker church council structure mm which should be rubbish for running this kind of thing and mm i'm trying to explain that to people that if you stay in the under the pcc certain amount as a subcommittee of
862. hassle mm was a major nightmare they would've loved to have been out of it but they did because it was and the public image they would've got to have yeah closed the major church in yeah etcetera so if you gave each of them a share neither of them could the other they had to agree on the way forward and i thought that in the basis of our business planning and
863. all walk out of the building and the and having paid no money and having paid no money after eighteen your eighteen month experiment to our expense so i did find that there were on one community premises the church was nearly manipulated into letting it happen the group wanted to move in and they were totally grant funded mm and they wanted erm a rent free period in return for having fitted the place out and i said
864. into letting it happen the group wanted to move in and they were totally grant funded mm and they wanted erm a rent free period in return for having fitted the place out and i said to the church why would you let that happen? oh they're so nice mm blah blah blah and they set the place out well absolutely and i said but it's not their money they haven't not
865. you safeguard yourself when you do it yeah i think the second step is i was just about to tell you because we were having this conversation about formulating what i thought by writing a comment at the church times aha saying there the second thing i think you do is to mosey around research all the potential ssources of the kind of capital funding that you need in order to make this happen right
866. had the years before who were doing business and stuff yeah but it was hard over the summer though who who did they have to integrate but they haven't no they've all joined the chinese church and all of their social activities revolve around the chinese church really? yeah and i think the only english they're getting is em at university mm they haven't you know made any english
867. was hard over the summer though who who did they have to integrate but they haven't no they've all joined the chinese church and all of their social activities revolve around the chinese church really? yeah and i think the only english they're getting is em at university mm they haven't you know made any english - speaking friends mm and all their status updates are in chinese and
870. ' s quite religious is she? yeah oh i wasn't aware of that i think lots of well i don't know it depends how you define religious yeah and if you know going to church every sunday makes you no it doesn't religious it doesn't in my little bit of northern ireland where the whole community went to church religious so yeah exactly yeah but yeah i think that it '
871. how you define religious yeah and if you know going to church every sunday makes you no it doesn't religious it doesn't in my little bit of northern ireland where the whole community went to church religious so yeah exactly yeah but yeah i think that it's a more community thing and it's yeah well mind you my friend sort of swears oh jesus mary mother of god saint patrick fuck
872. an upbringing are people going to have with that? but anyway to each their own to each their own indeed it's not for me mother has fallen out with me because i refused to go to church on christmas day wow ah even on christmas day and it was because i was very hungover but and i just thought i don't go at any other time of year why should i go just co
874. i don't sit there worrying about that yeah and what i thought was really maybe this is going too far if you're not a a religious person but erm i hardly ever go to church and erm when i lived in turin there's that turin shroud mm erm do you remember what it is? it's where a face imprinted on it yeah yeah so it '
877. and rushing off and there was also lots of drug dealing so we decided that that we were going to lock the bollards so we had a rather surreal conversation where we had a delegation from the church demanding that they be allowed to have a bollard please so given that we were reporting on the fact that our finances were up the creek at the time mm and then they turned up and said yeah
886. it really is an interesting conversation i think there was a facebook thing as well about a nnew i whether it's true or not i don't know a new priest at some new church mm who dressed himself erm to look like he was homeless and lay down on the steps of the church uhu to see if anybody stopped or talked to him or said hi how are you? or
888. to see if anybody stopped or talked to him or said hi how are you? or do you need anything? do you wanna come in? whatever and nobody did and so he then walked into the church they're all waiting for their new guy to appear and give the sermon so he walked in as the homeless guy sort of taking his homeless guy clothes off as he went oh my goodness erm went
891. we were very isolated we lived in erm near i've heard of yeah beautiful place beautiful place my father was the local vicar oh and er well he he he was in the army and the church you know a combination of the two and we were all over the place so erm i think in a minute i've got to go yeah do you know where? what's your next lecture
892. to sit on it and draw they were sat doing jigsaws and things on the floor so they yeah we got the mat down for them mm er they enjoyed it going to have them at church at erm in a fortnight's time is it? ssleeping over so saturday night mm they're doing the music this weekend are we? yeah oh we'll be there this
894. of the month no but it's all changed this month has it? oh right yeah i'm not quite sure but you have to do puff the magic dragon do that in the middle of church i remember i was when i h first heard that i was so sad about the s the ending that i wrote another verse where everyone's happy again did you? ah i was so hap so
895. children dressed like that? s they meant to say spring chicken didn't it mm he's no chicken hilarious he's no chicken bit of lost in translation there are they stealing something from church? dunno yes apparently today in the newspapers they were going to well i read it in the newspapers but the catholic church is sending round a memo so that all the priests who are pra um who
896. ' s no chicken bit of lost in translation there are they stealing something from church? dunno yes apparently today in the newspapers they were going to well i read it in the newspapers but the catholic church is sending round a memo so that all the priests who are pra um who are celebrating mass today were gonna read out a petition to ask their congregation to turn against the government's plan to intro
897. out a petition to ask their congregation to turn against the government's plan to introdu introduce same sex marriage the government want to introduce it make it law by twenty fifteen yeah civil partnerships but the church is absolutely against it couldn't believe it even now oh my god i'm gonna speak to my dad seriously? yeah so what the fuck? they said er like two and a half thousand churches
900. know ni very nice man he is i think he's er very pleasant merchant navy or something yeah er and he er actually volunteers usually are he holds fort when erm when she's at church sunday you know when we're dropping stuff off and collecting it? oh yeah he he can't do anything to help but he opens the door is she a methodist? erm urc er
901. dropping stuff off and collecting it? oh yeah he he can't do anything to help but he opens the door is she a methodist? erm urc er presbyterian? urc united reformed church well as well what was she at the beginning? presbyteria said she was a congregationalist to begin with that's what i was trying to think but she was a quaker and a congregational
903. probably have your top on when we're out anyway so okay so i can't necessarily specifically remember okay so what's? tractor ah tractor wow something's happened it's not church er could it be church? there might be a service on easter saturday i don't really know it depends on like if you've done good friday and easter sunday you probably want the saturday off
906. m a bit confused as well cos like i'm rea i really do feel passionate for worship just seeing things change but i think it's hard to visualise that even a smaller church environment yeah cos you actually need thing is you're leading people it's not yeah yeah small like small people not small people i think if you said to me oh what's your dream
907. s cool the more that we can do like to yeah introduce some of our friends into yeah that's it cos you met engaged to oh so do you know? you were one of the church boys there i mean he seemed really up for it i was in the gym just like do you want to come and the church like just come? and and he was like oh yeah i'd really
908. met engaged to oh so do you know? you were one of the church boys there i mean he seemed really up for it i was in the gym just like do you want to come and the church like just come? and and he was like oh yeah i'd really like that mm yeah i was really pleased cos i bowled well to he looked the proper he was really he was being a
909. retreat house in they do retreats and it's lovely accommodation ah i can see the view out of the window we only went for the day erm no we stayed there run by the catholic church? yeah it was lovelovely place we stayed there wasn't it? yeah ah i think it was oh the? yeah i think it was mm it wasn't near erm which football
910. did that record you did you made me go to macbeth in a shed in as well while you two went somewhere else who did you meet? i'd love that jonathan edwards doing that song for church action on poverty oh yeah did a pop song that was and she got inv loads of people involved? it was good wasn't it? i've never heard it it's actually a
911. years until about ten years ago actually yeah? maybe even a bit longer so he lived in various communities in the north east and his mate was helped with the record me and well er just through the church you know yeah and were sort of big in the church in in and er er and his friends who then lived in oh yeah so but you know what that world's like everyone just meets eventually yeah
912. a bit longer so he lived in various communities in the north east and his mate was helped with the record me and well er just through the church you know yeah and were sort of big in the church in in and er er and his friends who then lived in oh yeah so but you know what that world's like everyone just meets eventually yeah yeah someone'll come across it and think what '
915. it's just not right i'm like but it is like they have every entitlement she's like they have every entitlement i just think it's weird in a church i don't get that i can underst but i think we don't understand yeah because we're not we're not used to that we we're not we weren't
916. i saw but it was like m i dunno it was just kind of eyes went through her was there and i was like but we were standing in a really tight circle and everyone had left the church and like i was just like crying and i was like talking to and she was like hugging me and bei really nice and we were saying like we should meet up and it's so sad and then
925. w she was curling everybody's hair and we were just looking outside and i was thinking well my hair's gonna yeah it's gonna drop before we even get home let alone get to church yeah get to the car oh well anyway it was a nice day in the end and we even had a bit of sun for the photographs we did it wasn't all bad
926. ' s quite old oh he's long past yeah he was old then that's again oh wow yeah was a bit of an old timer already yeah he was so it was run by the church? yeah erm diesis of saint albans yeah does this concept still exist? church running homes for people? i don't know but i mean this place would have been closed down under health and
927. s again oh wow yeah was a bit of an old timer already yeah he was so it was run by the church? yeah erm diesis of saint albans yeah does this concept still exist? church running homes for people? i don't know but i mean this place would have been closed down under health and safety you know the things that you used to have then which were accepted as the norm

Cluster 2
0. ##ntes'house which is closed in january but i can look online at least i know where it is er in relation to the village and everything and when we went er to the parsonage the church had just started the service at the church which is next door and everything well you do look a bit yeah pretty and er we had a cup of coffee on the hill on er full of little coffee shops
1. but i can look online at least i know where it is er in relation to the village and everything and when we went er to the parsonage the church had just started the service at the church which is next door and everything well you do look a bit yeah pretty and er we had a cup of coffee on the hill on er full of little coffee shops and we went to went to one of
2. took of a cat sitting on top of the offering box at a temple in kyoto that sounds like you they're great pictures something you never see in the uk is it you never go into a church and there's a cat sitting on the altar that is very true hey now there's an idea oh no you're not gonna do that again we have a cat priests don't like
3. t like cats as much as you do no we're talking about stock photos and everyone takes the same old things right uh - huh i bet none of the sites have a cat standing on a church altar you are actually doing exactly what i thought you were doing it's just a great idea i mean i'm sure lots of people could use that to illustrate their you know it could be all
9. metal er erm what i think about metal and what i wonder about metal i can't remember any of mine mm mm so i'm going to continue we only had wait mm no the church and the the erm i know i think i wonder it was the other way round to what i told you mm mm and then erm what we had guided reading i don't know why it
25. has got a little keyhole at the back as well oh which i didn't realise till i was taking it off i thought and erm but i'd i need a jacket in the church sort of yes yeah did they not suggest a jacket no well this was the very end and we'd been there from nine a. m till twelve because the three hours have to so say an hour
26. ##purnia's the servant let's go things do you know when? do you know? oh yeah was calpurnia black? let's go cos they went to a black church i don't know it's ages since i read it and then lula was all like you ain't bringing this white girl and boy over here and then calpurnia's like
27. erm three the three big numbers are erm let's get the party started which is just a fun uupbeat it has moves erm that man which is a six part huge and church so those three and then a beautiful beautiful beautifully sad choral piece mm erm called it is well with my soul and erm a man so it's a complete contrast so none of those barbersho
29. is now there used yeah to be an spck which got taken over by another organisation and didn't flourish oh no shall we say and there's there is a little one in's church but it is more of a book stall than shop ah yeah yeah yeah yeah i think i know yeah so diminishing market but you know like any other bookshop they're subject to the internet
35. something my grandad is ninety - one and he's in it so yeah so all ages that's interesting cos i could there would there would certainly be people of all ages at a church yeah yeah that's yeah if you yeah but whether you'd get a three year old many three year olds wouldn't sit still and and talk would they no they were kind of ones at
36. yeah okay i'll erm i'll have another go at trying to persuade some people to yeah yeah but that's a great that's a great idea to do it with the church lot and yeah give it a try give it a try yeah yeah are there any subjects that are off limits? no everything nope absolutely everything right yeah and we anonymise it oh well i should i
37. for a long time they probably just presume yeah a bit of spam mail those children sound possessed yeah it's just children they really do my niece for her eighth birthday had rented like the church hall and they'd paid for this like entertainment group to come and they come in the frozen theme it's going to be a frozen theme birthday that will be good they they er we could go
53. ? that's quite a modern one that we go past what you mean the catholic one? no silly i mean the erm oh the one on the corner or no the one that the the church the road one? no darling the one in the whole square if we go to's the upholsterer yeah oh that one? yeah that's the parish church is that st mark '
63. for them as well yeah i might even lap you pff go on what piece have you got? i've only got one left have you got another um have you got another cathe oh church or something? no i've just got a road i'll go there right ready? okay let's start with me and then okay see how far go on and we'll do it
64. ? well mum said first yeah okay so you go out with the blues then mum okay three how many? two okay log forest log and forest oh right er wealthy two wealthy two erm millionaire? church churches are wealthy jet's a symbol of wealth erm a roulette is to do with money but not necessarily winning it so i think millionaire and jet or that's a i would have
67. you? one way or the other you got to do something it's very difficult now to know how far do you got to go? just up the road to the polling station up erm church hall yeah oh right mm you have to drive down there? yeah we might walk if it's nice but we'll probably drive yeah but erm voting when i look at who we got and
68. banners he can do a certain amount of pictures but not you have to string a banner up mm and when it right health and safety yeah and when you got heavy storms like they did have up the church their banner flew away then so he's thinking about going into other stuff now yeah yeah he could get some of them little trailers you know like with boards on yeah yeah yeah he did a beautiful one
69. oh what? i mean that always used to be free didn't it? it was always free yeah but every time i go down there now or that way i usually park at erm behind church yeah there's a a gap there there's a gap there yeah and you can sort of park there for nothing if you can get in yeah if you can get in but no so many people
70. knock it down and build something else so like nothing they can't understand when i say that i grew up in a house that was you know they just find that and like there's a church down the road that's like six hundred years old they just they can't believe it nothing in their country is older than forty years old wow oh that's strange isn't it?
71. ' t get it as much as others yeah and they'd come from kent so i imagine kent was relative well perhaps less dangerous than itself well my my grandma got bombed out of her house up church street in in the blitz yes yes what they called the blitz mm yes when norwich got it really bad because of yes they were making all the women were working at making er ammunition yes that's right
76. said i'm i'm doing some charity work oh i said that's good what what are you doing? she said er er she said i'm a er guide a guide at church ah that's it and she said er er of course you you've heard that it's going to be a city cathedral cathedral cathedral i don't oh no it's coming to
82. where grandad lived wasn't there? mm that was a landmine we went there for to see it yes and you know so it is that looks sorted out and then just after that this church was absolutely flattened wasn't it? mm that was a landmine yes mm street and yeah that and then church this next street but one erm the whole street was flattened wasn't it?
83. and you know so it is that looks sorted out and then just after that this church was absolutely flattened wasn't it? mm that was a landmine yes mm street and yeah that and then church this next street but one erm the whole street was flattened wasn't it? mm street street and erm and then the the next street avenue is erm mm on road was street and that
84. and it hadn't gone off mm but that is a really funny story there because no that's when the next morning we was evacuated mm and that's when we went in this methodist church mm at the top of avenue mm and that's where i got the best rice pudding i've ever had mm so much so and it was it were one of those er you know round oval
86. oh what was that at? our that we have carols before the mass you know before midnight mass you have half an hour's carols oh okay do you have that? before what? church midnight midnight mass? well it was seven o'clock but oh er seven o'clock? really? midnight midnight in tokelau or somewhere oh aye it was midnight somewhere what time was yours?
87. miserable till you started to up yeah up it the vibe ah was it well attended? yeah it was packed yeah a few yeah packed? was it? yeah oh aye it's only a little church be about mm a hundred and twenty people there oh right who are these it's only a tiny dour musicians running the show? and that deacon with his tales of refugees and yeah dustbins
88. instrument as well mm yeah put a snare in it's quite erm i mean it's quite a rich sound isn't it? yeah and not i tell you what in a church wow aye it doesn't half travel that's great it's really good yeah isn't it? yeah really good it erm what you played? just the gloria? i only took
91. ' s american christmas message that was that was all it er anti consumerism from a church and that's where you end up back in a box mm aye so none of it matters no which church was it for? that's what she wanted to teach him did you see the burberry? or the advert that took a burberry advert for for a a handbag?
92. alright oh right i guess i'm i'm in the front but i no but you two have got your fans blowing off so you can turn yours down oh look there's a nice church there to the left where? thanks for that oh oh apartments and whatnot aren't they? yeah there's one could do with that yeah one for sale i think that's it for
95. don't know cos i don't think it was down here no i'm trying to retrace my steps we'll find it this'll take us back past the church won't it? they're all pretty houses aren't they? shall we say did you hear her saying that the house they looked at it they were looking at an apartment and then but
96. ' d have pull it out just put your lips in it where are you taking us here? yeah right just taking us back to that big road i think oh hat evening watch the sunset from the church terrace in the nearby hill town of groznjan then have a drink in the shade of the arches of the venetian loggia will you please stop humming? it's really doing my head in
98. we'd gone out and we've done the usual er bateaux mouches the eiffel tower champs - lysees arc de triomphe er and the um the the church what's it called? er notre dame? notre dame that was a lovely experience in there actually but we'd done all this and i've gone back to the hotel i said oh we
99. istria hilltop towns motovun and buzet yeah well we've done that so we can spend the day in pula then and then sounds nice evening watch the sun set from the church terrace in the nearby hill town of groznjan that's quite close to where we are i think yeah we've not is there anything there about nice beaches? i can't say
100. returning to fazana make the short trip to vodnjan and have a coffee on the main square of this charming provincial town if you have time look at the mummies in the parish church and you can spend an evening sampling the delicious istrian food at altia bracachia that's at grozgroznjan yeah at vodnjan vodnjan groz
106. ##s if if come in and see us eating biscuits he'll want one mm oh yes please no you're not allowed i'm just not allowed to buy them i eat them in the church oh right there's shortbread you're not allowed to buy them but you it's the thing is eat everybody else's i don't if someone offers if i erm if
109. ' s a cockerel or not cock - a - doodle - doo are you gonna have a pla a plant sale like you done yesterday? at the schoo yeah at the church yeah any any good stuff? yeah ye and it went well? well i don't know what was there but they made erm a profit of a hundred and ninety - five pounds for the youth
112. ? well he does try yeah oh no they're gonna be drenched well let's hope he had brains and just went in a shop or something yeah or huddled under the in run in the church yeah he's got all of them though hasn't he? with her arm oh dear that's what i'm mainly worried about her arm's alright she's got a change
113. drinking games? d'you know that pub? across from? is it near? it's got it's an old yeah might be it's an old it's an old church that they converted oh yeah near oh didn't know it was there so but yeah we had like a bottle of wine each didn't we? but we were were drin downing it not i
116. erm er how do i explain it? it's er it's almost a month since i've been there it where the mosque is the mm the mosque and the er old cathedral church oh yes yes and you've got er the old market the er the the yeah yeah mm yeah well the one that's being upgraded yes yeah and you walk along erm you walk along the
117. ##y yeah and i went okay that's alright and then i'm thinking how is she gonna get home cos oh she only lives in the village but walking from mine to where the methodist church is cos that's where she lives yeah and i and i was tired and i didn't really wanna have to wait up and take her home no but comes in they sit they sit in
118. not? yeah yeah it can't be anywhere else it has to be there oh we were on holiday once when we were quite young and we went away for christmas and we went to the little church and did their carol service late at night when we came out and the snow was falling oh it was absolutely magical it really was it was lovely then we had to walk back to wherever we were staying that
121. they doing? the men behind you are taking weird peculiar photos maybe the view but then there's like work i dunno maybe i'm here i'm in taking a photo of this church mm not sure but mm oh strange but what was yeah so when yeah when we went to croatia last year yeah and literally i took one day off in august i can't believe that was i can
122. it's just me and and going to paris uhu erm and i think will be slightly more willing to do things like go to like er sacre coeur which is yeah the big church on the yeah on the hill and uhu notre dame and stuff like obviously i've been yeah so many times i've seen it all but it's still i don't think i
130. some i think we've run out of steam hal? is that enough? i was when my kids were small they used to go to a methodist ah playgroup which was based in a methodist church and eh i was in there and they were discussing fundraising and they were talking about they were ha you know they're having a springier or something like discussing fundraising and i said eh why don '
131. ##t america's america's taking from americans who can't speak english no the american the america's most hated family you need to speak american english which is about the westboro baptist church oh yeah oh oh my god i spent the entire programme louis theroux yeah i i watched that wanting to like poke this woman's eyes out yeah she was so like eyes painful it was mm
141. ##bits and stuff in it like i mean we didn't e it took us literally we were there nine and a half hours at woah looking at everything i mean because there's the church there's the ligh there's the old lighthouse there's so much to do i mean obviously there's like the restaurant and stuff picnic areas and that to have a but yeah it
144. ? oh he he didn't get much money travelling to schools they just gave him a fifty pound note just for his expenses and that was it like yeah but he said if he went to a church there was a collection like oh yes so he had three times as much or five times as much oh interesting so yeah so and he and he stayed with us a few nights and couldn't stand him
146. place yeah exactly mm yeah er and he's going to playgroup with today so i don't think he needs three playgroups in a week what in the library? no in the church oh the methodist church? yeah a few people came up to me yesterday and said oh i recognise your little boy i saw him mm do you? it's funny it's very big quite a
153. yeah it it is yeah modern but how many people went oh yeah i'll just check mine that's the thing yeah well er i mean oh it i mean it was it was a huge church and it was really packed but mm and people were but you suddenly think normally the start of a church service or something it's not oh can you turn your phones off? yeah phones off no yeah
155. say it particularly at a funeral which is wwhich is sad i mean i know at a wedding oh dear it is erm and a christening yeah yeah it's embarrassing or a church service it bit funny whatever yeah but it's very irreverent at a funeral isn't it? but a funea funeral it's oh yeah god yeah yeah totally the wrong mm
158. cliffs were eroding that's all yeah yeah yeah and that's why they you know they sort of took yeah makes you wonder how long that'll be before the pub and the church go down well that's right yeah i mean they're quite a way away now and what about the lighthouse? well the lighthouse as well yeah yeah the lighthouse is i mean it's quite
159. drive away didn't have the why didn't he just drive away? yeah didn't have the common sense the number of times i've stopped i've stopped up by the church waited for the cars that are coming through you know mm at at the chicane there you have to really don't you? yeah yeah cos there's cars parked the other side yeah
163. that's pretty much it is that this on the map? yeah that's that and then that's santa maria a gothic interior grandiose works of art lies in store behind this church's brick facade is there so that's kind of on the way okay yeah it just seems a bit i don't know exploitative doesn't it? do you mean the prices?
166. ' s just at that early stage where they don't anything it's all a bit mm oh yum yum yum mm so when is erm was it the woman from the church who's doing the the bach recital? or the woman from the shop? the shop she's in the choir the whatever it is yeah i think i might get tickets but i keep forgetting to
168. god and that's and yeah yeah it's just yeah it's only gonna get worse yeah and that's like weddings i've hardly been to any weddings but always think the church part's fine yeah the meal's okay yeah it's gonna get worse and worse yeah and worse yeah yeah someone's gonna cry yeah someone's gonna be sick someone's gonna
174. yeah yeah they were all very nice see that erm a num a number of people have said he is so there was a lot going on at that wedding mainly mainly around was this before the church service? this was sitting in the pew at the back but she'd brought some foreign lady with her as well austrian lady and well you see phoned up and said i i'm mean i
176. austrian woman i didn't it's funny cos someone said to me after after the wedding oh and it was so interesting because this erm i i i spoke to this woman in the church who didn't know much english or was foreign or something and it was so good because she was just a foreigner passing and and she thought it would be so nice to see an english wedding so she
177. know much english or was foreign or something and it was so good because she was just a foreigner passing and and she thought it would be so nice to see an english wedding so she came into the church and that wasn't quite it and it was only later i realised that it was's friend did say to her er be quite good for you to see an english wedding yeah that's right
182. ve got a picture haven't we? yeah a fish eye picture that came to it's not very full so it was just as well that came with her foreign friend in that picture the church doesn't look full does it? it's all down the right there yeah it should hold about a hundred and sixty hundred and eighty it it's erm like a lot of churches it
183. car park waiting for her to come so we could slip in late but she didn't appear and i thought oh well perhaps i'd better go up and see if she's outside the church and there she was talking to the guests and kissing the pinches and she was kissing me and i think my kids as well and she doesn't even know them no i did in fair enough i
184. doesn't it? otherwise it gets yeah i remember i remember taking to a pub taking to a a brothel actually yeah exactly just goes too permanent oh hang on it goes this one goes to the church at oh right so there yeah but so i i i i then no? yeah yeah yeah right yeah you're right yeah we only just went there for a drink yeah i thought it would be fu
185. i mean bay is lucky to have that pier point pier front building the big red building yeah yeah cos it's kind of iconic that one yeah they're old world ca and the norwegian church as well is amazing yeah otherwise you'd just have that kind of new build world salt and things like that yeah yeah yeah hey found it yeah hey where did you go? er i went to the
186. nests roosts belfries belfries whatever is that what it's called? no the belfry's like a be no the belfry's part of the church where bats live live but you can't er you can't literally can't put a nail in you know even if there's one bat up there you can't touch one thing
187. address cos i've got a wedding to go to i've got his wedding to go to but i'm going i'm being invited for the whole day are you? oh church and oh church and reception? er and reception and evening everything i've been yeah invited that's that you know erm so oh another present so and suits as well and a suit yeah i
190. was erm wasn't it? no it was fairy tale of new york yeah was it? oh my mum doesn't like that song it's got a can you imagine in a church song? i don't know what i thought it was faggot like the priest all the little kids on the front row well this is my did you turn it off? i paused it what
194. the um cupboard and it's been like boong and i've thought oh that'll wake you up that's a nice sound that is well it's alright i mean like church bells there was a programme about that oh yeah about the order of them? they're they're a right racket aren't they? can be yeah like at your uh your mam
195. you want so now you you say how does you can sent that i can send that do that digitally say is that alright? and that this is something cos i i if we are opening the church mm we do need to have somebody there and erm i i could see a lot of saturday's i'm gonna be there well if i'm sitting there drafting paintings yeah it's
197. ' m sitting there drafting paintings yeah it's a lovely thing to be doing i can do it outside yeah quiet church yeah yeah it's lovely erm doing signs like that is it the church? yeah oh yeah mm so we're opening every wednesday now as er from ten till four yeah that's that's six hours innit? that is six hours six hours and no one
203. ' ve got the make i'm gonna make have i told you what i'm gonna make? mm make a tower with the looking at mm from the end with with the shape of the church yeah behind with information on it about yeah about it and you could put money on coins and lift a lift a flap that will ring a bell if you put put the biggest bell is the one if you
209. erm because he he didn't wasn't couldn't grasp what we were trying to ask or something and then he went on and then they they've got wonderful pictures of the church and a lovely write up and then we bid farewell with a friendly wave you know and and that's that's nice you you can see it i think it's the churches one yeah?
211. they do what it what it is that if you if that was a house you'd have to go to a government organisation to get permission to do stuff to it yeah yeah erm but the church because we've got so many old buildings they're nearly all old yeah yeah course they are have permission to do it and they it a faculty rather than a planning permission to do it yeah and
213. so so you could you could replace what it looked like but not the real thing yeah not the same not the real thing i know but what do you do? there's no point having a church not open no erm cos no one's got it then you know? no one can use it no so is there any security cameras available? no it's an alarm alarm system yeah
214. lectern you don't need the one for the lectern the lectern doesn't need it for that shoot there's there's it's beautiful in that church yeah the acoustics are fantastic yeah oh thanks that saved me a journey that'll save me a journey yeah when are you off to sainsbury's? pardon? sometime soon? sains
215. copy to look at them and off we went to erm something well? no? that's that's no what is it? something it's not? no there's a church at and erm there were three their their organist was playing the vicar played the piano he was brilliant and there was us and it was just a a fundraiser for the benefits sort of thing and it '
216. there was us and it was just a a fundraiser for the benefits sort of thing and it's cos who's in the hand bells her mum in the benefits it's not a church mm and so off we went and i'd only looked at least once and then i i didn't have much time then in the evening i was going through it putting pencil marks in i find
218. know if we should do this erm because there are naughty words to this there are naughty words to it yeah and there was another another one which erm we were thinking of doing in church in church yeah they got the special bells do you know they were the first church in the world to ring a peel from the tower were they? the first in the world yes they worked out were they? what
220. i must just go back make sure i did shut up properly i'm just gonna oh i know i did but i just need to check the door what door? what? the door of the church yeah just ddouble check the door why don't you do that when you come out? i do you go back again and go yes i shut up that's it done i did i
221. to go back about that far yeah there was a big pile of pebbles behind them so i i've actually shovelled them up put them in a bucket and taken them round the back of the church so that they can now open it depends how they carry them someone had nicked one of them lych gates they did didn't they? yeah yeah stupid people what do they want that for?
222. it yeah wouldn't it yeah i'd be going to rescue them wouldn't it be good yeah isn't it amazing i could make arrests well anyone can make arrests anyway but particularly church warden with a citizens arrest wardens were were erm had the right to make arrests before they had the police yeah yeah yeah mm but anyone can make arrests yeah you can make a citizens arrest yeah that
223. far as the river and need to turn back again because i can't run that far yeah hmm so then was like why don't you drive down yeah just around the corner down to the church is and park your car there and then you'd start near the bridge i thought yeah i could do that yeah but it seems a bit ridiculous for me to have to drive around the corner it '
227. actually just maintain that level of intensity for the whole sort of yeah no no whereas i think with a more of a funeral service it breaks it up quite a bit yeah because you've got the church well you've got meeting people being shown where to sit sit down the service that goes on for some time yeah mm mm and then you know you go and walk out to or you might even have
231. sometimes she gets pleasure out of a lot of things grandchildren and stuff yeah but she gets onto all these committees and she mm but then it's too much but she chooses to do that chapel and church she chooses to do that yeah but i don't think she should oh i see i see what you mean you know go along and enjoy it but not erm organise it which is mm you need
233. hunts and gift giving um and you're supposed to have like all - night vigils and sunrise services oh yeah i know i saw on that leaflet that came through the door from the church that there's like a five am thing lighting the easter fire or something yeah he here's something that i was interested in it's the sort of comparative religions uh it's related to
234. carpet ah ro red carpet yeah hold on um i'll i'll read that cos i might be totally wrong but uh great lent ooh there's a picture of a czech republic church there which one? peter and paul? it's just inside i don't know uh great lent or the great fast is the most important fasting season in the church year in eastern christianity they
240. alice cooper adam alice alice oh really? curly k yeah curly k no that's not a musician how are we doing it? we're talking about music eh no she was a musician charlotte church is yeah that's what she's famous for yeah she's a musician she's a singer dickhead no she's an actress no she's not an actress she's
246. temperance statue? they get well you know they had alcohol problems this year that they put these free water fountains they were talking about i didn't know so there's one in you know the church on yeah and it's the only spot where all the winos hang up and the fountains of this te the temperance fountains don't work it's ironic isn't it they built that
249. ##ethodist church for a celebration of life oh okay that sounds nice so yeah so it was family only up at the crematorium and then we went to the the celebration of life at the church that they go to right yeah oh s oh that's lovely and we di we collected money for the and the macmillan er erm the er in er and the macmillan nurses as well right erm
256. ' brigade s quite a few lads attend that yeah i think that's been reasonably popular has boys'brigade mm but on the whole it wouldn't be a big loss wouldn't the church mm it certainly wouldn't for me anyhow well it would to a lot of people in the village i thi or to some people in the village it would yeah well i'm a i
258. christened there and they still like to get married there but then there was the insistence came iin that they had to be regular church th w th churchgoer to be able to use the church well i suppose it is a bit hypocritical to want to have your it is a bit hypocri but everybody's child christened if you're not religious yeah i
273. and catching them at the end amazing and it was so good very impressive indeed it's er i love the fact that when all the aerial stuff is going on in the church hall or in the church they're all just doing doing their own thing and there's so much to see isn't there? but they're working very hard they do that every sunday it was so quiet today
275. like a religious place though unless they were religious yeah where would you get married? i don't know a beach? beach sounds like the best place if it's not going to be a church when do you think's a good age do you think to be married? i don't know thirty thirty something? if not then like forty forty thirty? yeah and you have do you ever
276. but next door to it that is like a a pub - cum - bar - cum - something else now and we've got a big brand new building haven't we by where the old church and they're doing yeah the church up as well now so yeah and that warehouse it looks like it's gonna get knocked down the way they're mm going to town on it yeah it
284. of catholic but it's like infused with er something really sort of pagan it's like it's like really kind of pagan quality of catholicism and very like strange really colourful like in a church there'll be sort of s bit like like halloween style yeah erm skskeletons and well i suppose that is exactly what it is it's a ccombination of what they
287. two kilometres blah - di - blah - di - blah - di - blah it's just giving you directions the little village of draguc little more than a single road of houses and a tall church perched on a cliff in the seventies and eighties this was known as the istrian hollywood as a number of films were shot here but these days the village is largely deserted which one's that? drag
289. on the island i can't remember now how many steps it had up to it was it ninety? i think it was er it was eighty something or er ninety eighty something steps up to the church and if er a couple get married there it's erm traditional for the groom to carry his bride up all these stairs up all these stairs imagine that yeah erm sort the men from the boys
290. want to blow up the houses of parliament he a king told him and his friends that he they couldn't have their belief exactly in how the world is made and they had to go to his church if they wanted to pray and he didn't agree to that so he just did what he thought was right mm? but most people didn't cos they didn't cos they didn
291. and i just think it's there must be something behind there mustn't there? there must be some sort of truth because it's got records of her baptism and things in a church what? and i that is just may it's a bit weird isn't it? mm well actually there was this lady who ate loads and loads and loads of carrots and her skin eventually
292. i think who was he? a person who dug a person who digs in his back garden but doesn't plant flowers? i don't know but he did give some money to the church you know he wasn't greedy with it mm i mean some people ssome idiots i think might eat gold cos they'll say mm chocolate coin mm chocolate coin ouch i don't
293. she thought it was crazy but that she wanted to come and see me do a a routine at some point that'd be nice to have come wouldn't it in the summer? to the church and watch me you could help you could look after her couldn't you? she could look after me she could look after you you could look after each other cos came to see me once didn
295. an overspill and can't get in there and just come round our building while they're waiting to queue to get into the other one across the road yes yes whwhat church is that? oh it's called er at so we have a we have a church an old church we look after dating from eighteen twenty - four but it's been converted so it's
312. of everybody they they don't have one that they sort of wheel out anywhere oh okay um and but for children i think there is one and i think it's at the back of the church i think it's um as you come in you know when you come in er if you go on the side aisle the left mm side aisle mm i think it's the first opening oh okay
318. ' s pedestrian routes down there but no road short cuts i yeah i don't think you can get through no you can't just the yeah and the back they're coming down past church hill as well gosh yeah we're not going to the centre we're not you know we're not jesus oh there we go yeah um what was i gonna say? yeah and so
319. a few that yeah eaten? yeah some were cannibals did they? yeah i was about to say you know there were some pretty grim people oh that's sweet look at that little church i saw on facebook today there'd been a quote from an icelandic player and erm he was saying cos you know iceland's such a small country? mm he was saying that he one
320. facebook about some like dog meat festival in china? mm are people trying to oppose it? mm yeah what are they what are they trying to do promote it? it's a festival oh big church it's huge isn't it? is that like a car? you like erm what you know what they drop pallets on top of each other not pallets what? i've
329. s what i'll have to have ear plugs yeah unfortunately got the rest of the town centre there yeah then we've got the there's a tourist centre the other side of the church yeah have a look up there yeah and see if there's any seats erm we can show you the beach mm oh yes that'd be nice we can go to er uhu yeah okay
334. months and he's he got sacked from his thing oh there he is on strictly come dancing yeah twenty ten he's been on another thing like something about bachelor like there he is with charlotte church something about a bachelor like um where girls were like winning the chance to like go on a date with him or something rubbish and he's a bit weird yeah maybe a bit a bit like yeah i
336. it was just around stuff did you go round the block? the wwoods that are there yeah spinney yeah not the spinney that's quite a nice walk up there actually down by the church oh yeah yeah past the river and round did you go? yeah yeah i used to like doing that run that's quite nice yeah that's where i used to go walks down there jog
344. the goriards? no no no idea does that? does that ring a bell? no idea anyway so basically they so they wrote this poem about how like annoyed er how much they hated the church well and then yeah and then carl orff like turned intinto fortune and it's like the theme tune from the x factor that's so strange so like the theme tune for like all
345. turned intinto fortune and it's like the theme tune from the x factor that's so strange so like the theme tune for like all the dreams is actually like everyone being like the church is shit and it is which is why your dreams can come true er that is quite appropriate like yeah maybe it is yeah it's like tearing down the establishment of the music industry yeah know what i
347. you went to it? she's a right she's a right peep show right she got erm yeah what was it? she baptised yeah yeah and it's like a free church and we went to the ceremony didn't we? the band were pretty good they had a band playing they were actually pretty good musicians weren't they? yeah they were really good yeah and then
349. might have everyone was in the mood that's good but you organised it so it was a success that's cool so where did you go to dinner? we went to the which is a church that's converted into a restaurant and a bar mm and erm yeah it was just merriment from the beginning really swigging wine and then er yeah then we started on the cocktails
350. the only elgar i know well apart from the really popular well i think you'd recognise pomp and circumstance well i think you'd he said that he heard that er played in a church in sicily when he and were there on holiday what dream of gerontius? er? which one? pomp and circumstance oh he thought it was for a wedding he thought it was very inappropriate mm
353. these oh i don't i like that one i don't know i really like that one of her that's a nice one there's some nice ones of her and within that church yeah oh dunno what not that one no that's a nice one ah that is nice yeah that's a nice one as well cos uncle was telling me to hold him down lower co
358. amaz george's amazing places yeah erm are they the ones that try to make the door the round door and they wanted it to open in a cool way? yeah yeah who did that church that young couple so and it kept flooding solutions to things she and to for it to be a bit more erm quirky yeah no he used to do this thing where in the church george he '
359. did that church that young couple so and it kept flooding solutions to things she and to for it to be a bit more erm quirky yeah no he used to do this thing where in the church george he'd go into a normal house a house like your mums the one in in the one in er lancashire cumbria try and get a there was a chap oh on the river on the
361. let's walk to's and get a drink yeah cool or and get a drink it'll be the same bus er either way um where's the nearest bus stop to? catholic church which is um the bottom of that road which isn't massively close to it the anchor is mm much closer to a bus stop but it's probably further to walk and it'll be
366. in an old a nissen hut yeah you know the black erm corrugated er iron yeah type huts and erm and then erm he he when we left when daddy left we heard that the church had been burnt down oh which was terribly sad yeah isn't it just? erm and i went back just before they erm left the barracks about erm oh dear was it five years ago
367. isn't it just? erm and i went back just before they erm left the barracks about erm oh dear was it five years ago? and erm and and saw where the church had been and i took over there oh very nice it was it was great yeah but anyway carry on with your story cos this is your story not mine yeah okay well everything is interesting yes aaft
368. that it's more exciting to do that yeah but it's more clever just to be able to do that and just go whey you have to go like that and go this is the church there's the steeple look inside and there's all the people what? yeah but isn't there a better way to do the loads of people bit oh i think we'll just
372. you doing it for the sandwiches? happy from the font as well and curry puffs curry puffs? oh you liked your curry puffs didn't you? and you were allowed in the church yeah well well well did you eat them after? yes but there was well a lot more curry in these than the yeah there was only a little bit of curry in the puffs and the pastry was
381. but the greatest er insult was that erm he wasn't allowed to walk her up the aisle oh what? or or at the if it i don't know if it's a church or a civil reception anyway he wasn't allowed to give his daughter away mm and er then another snub came at the reception there was basically er two er groups there was the group where the
385. to do so that must mean that you should feel it in your heart though shut up two minutes thirty remaining something along those lines don't know erm no well i can hear a clock a church from here what's that? whoops that's the cathedral oh is it? that definitely kicks that quite well cheeky oh god is there any of that? i can't work out
386. er like a just a piece of wood really oh that was for plonking my i g i got away without doing it right yeah i found the wires were long enough what it was in the church oh i see yeah you weren't gonna that that was pardon me that was quite mm quite amazing the cos i sat i d in the end i didn't use their their speakers they they
387. been eaten at some stage we we've gotta chuck some speakers away did you want any speakers? oh don't chuck speakers please yes yeah cos if i could fix up speakers in the church and just plug in that'd save me two things to lift it's if we don't if we haven't got an organist i can be the organ and we had the hymns that
392. then i just r if i run they about that big? oh that's lovely i we've got several actually i was i if i run the wires the wires to the back of the church yeah or just to where i'm sitting will be fine yeah where i normally sit to that pew yeah and then how do the wires fit in the back? have they got the little clips in?
393. was very very lucky with that you were lucky well it's a shame there weren't a remote with it and it's saved well it's saved our bacon once at at the church there with that with that yeah er you might be able to get a remote somewhere on ebay i actually i might i suppose yeah just just you never know people do sell odd things like that don '
397. really oh he was looked very good but he's not he's not he wasn't very mobile in the afternoon so we parked in yeah and he had to walk back to the first church was like a bit of a erm arty farty sort of stuff then i bought a book oh what was it? open studio no? it well it er well it wasn't open studios
401. radio 1 big weekend yeah yeah that was good yeah but you were at big day out so i was stepping it up a notch no it was good though imagine if coldplay were at big day er church big thingy yeah singing fix you like yeah yeah erm did you hear about? he started singing flashlight oh really? yeah from pitch perfect oh really? i'm really pleased that i didn '
404. saw an article in the guardian about it right i'm such an old man yeah yeah i think that'd be a cool thing to do yeah is it's similar to the erm church or something like that? or? i dunno erm i'm assuming it'll be fairly lively kinda modern erm it's centred around music isn't it? and arts and
433. does it? on on er that's the sort of thing i would like to do well i mean yeah er in mm they had if it ever happened they had a youth centre up at the church rooms mm the kids used to reckoned that they'd go on to the youth centre they never go they used to hang out er outside the fish shop mm just standing outside they just stand outside and
443. a coffee to get rid of the headache what? i know that's a bit strange it's not very good really that is really weird so where's getting married at? erm church and then the reception's at green ah so that'll be really nice cos it's a nice er golf club isn't it? it's a fancy one yeah i love
455. doo doo doo wind band songs got so many musical things coming up soon like the carol morning coffee and carols yeah christmas carol concert oh i don't like that one what one cos the church is absolutely arctic yeah and we just have to sit in wind band year seven i was really jealous cos you and came and you were sitting up the back yeah we had our own little room so we
462. ' ve got to remember is that depending on what the picture is so a normal picture if i take just take a normal picture that hasn't had any enhancement that like let's take the church picture the church picture was nearly two meg and its resolution was two two thousand six hundred and eighty - eight by one thousand five hundred and twenty wow that's big that is innit? alright?
464. so totally different but you see but beverley is has something about it now i thi and and even the shops were quite pleasant to be with they were lovely places yeah yeah you see and a lovely church and when you've been to cornwall yeah mm tintagel and every there's a you've got that pull yeah yeah cos of but anything come on that south coast yeah i fi
465. it's pretty have we ever walked down there no it says no through road there there might be a footpath though at the other end or something mm somewhere around here there's that secret church in the middle of the of erm some land and there is wow look at that peacock where? that's b wow that's beautiful wow look at that hello i didn't know they
466. have still got all the school buses around here haven't they? er yeah it only drops off in that one place it doesn't come through here mm it it drops off in by the church and it drops off at the crossroads by our house hmm mm and then it goes on to you see right see look at all these hedges how they've chopped them all back they look like pretty old
467. we get back then oh yeah that's what i was saying last year because we were away and not many people had our address and stuff do you want to go and have a look at the church? yeah cos we were away and not not many people had our address and those that did well my and the tunisian post ah how rubbish was the tunisian post well it's i really felt it
468. i don't know because that's why there's so many churches around here is because so many people used to work on the land in such a small area that they needed a a church to go to yeah look there's another and here's all the so but i guess the peasants weren't buried in places like this age sixty see they all lived to a ripe old age
469. ##g probably cos well they're farmers aren't they cos i think hmm yeah now if you look at that tower that looks almost like a witch's tower really rather than a church doesn't it yeah the round what style is it? is that gothic? are we allowed to go in it? you see we should have stopped and said no it looks quite dutch actually d oh
476. ##hearse at erm a church which is in village where she used to take her children to playgroup so she used to walk up there every morning with the kids to playgroup at this particular church so it's not very far oh right okay but we needed more recruits because but she's a good si she's a good singer isn't she? if they're too f
477. ##tieth obviously they're they're now in a flat so they couldn't do that mm and i think they rented the village hall which is probably if it's attached to the church it'll be kind of next door cos the church is just over the wall stroke hedge from where they live because sometimes when i've been skyping the flipping bell's been ringing and
479. be patient madam i was lo so that i can go on yeah i was looking at cavtat on tripadvisor they seem to have a very nice mausoleum there apparently oh right and a church with lots of work by this this artist who'd apparently one of croatia's best sort of thing oh yes i read a bit about him as well yeah he's supposed to be a really
480. ' d apparently one of croatia's best sort of thing oh yes i read a bit about him as well yeah he's supposed to be a really yeah a really good artist mm also that church i think they have erm on a sunday it says they often have a sort of folk singing and all the rest of it croatian sort of singing and dancing outside the church so that might be a oh
482. oh is it? yeah oh oh ddark it's the the woword for black is siyah but kara is dark oh er karanlik kilise in the the is the dark church in cappadocia ah so it's a dark sea but but you can use it for black as well yeah as opposed to the white sea akdeniz which is the mediterranean oh is it
483. it's just on the edge wa the eastern edge of snowdonia and it's called er sagriha mihangel is michael st mihangel is if you like the church of st michael and glyn is a a valley in wawales in welsh is pensive or thoughtful and we we went there recently just to check on whether any fafafarms that are in
484. recently just to check on whether any fafafarms that are in my family's background and i found there are only four or five farms in the whole area we found them and in the church we went into the church which is a twelfth century church twelve thirteen century church by the river and there was the most extraordinary statement there my great grandfather was born in in eighteen twenty - one mm there '
489. d have an i yes i've been having an idea yeah who?'s coming up as well okay i can do that but also we ererm because of something they found in the church at i'm not supposed to say too much about it but it it's it's of great importance apparently erm when we open the church we've got to man it now it
491. ##s and changing things no what i'm thinking is at the back if if say that's that's the we we never well these you can put them in if that's the church and there's the alter up there right mm mm now if when you come in the door where we stand when we have you know it's a good place for social as well yeah we never
492. there the loo's got to go in the tower that's important loos got to go in the tower are there loos there now? no you go round the back of the church yeah well i don't think there should be loos you just wanna go and piddle round the back of the church do you? no you can't invite people to come expect people to
494. t think there should be loos you just wanna go and piddle round the back of the church do you? no you can't invite people to come expect people to come and visit the church if there's no loos in the area but there is in the in the hall isn't there? yeah but yes but in the winter there's the an the another thing is yeah
501. and saucers and everything there mm yeah yeah well imagine right you're you're there you've just come you've parked your car in the snow you've gone into the church which is warmer we've had the service yeah right and you want a cup of tea at the end of the service do you want to then you've still got to leave haven't you
502. ' ve had the service yeah right and you want a cup of tea at the end of the service do you want to then you've still got to leave haven't you? lock the church up walk walk through the snow to get to no i don't think that's a problem to the hall? it's pa the distance is not a problem but if we didn't
504. that i mean like i don't mind helping out but see that sort of thing happens and ladies find it even more difficult mm i think erm well it and the other thing is that the church actually suits some events better than the hall you can get more people in it looking in one direction yeah in the church than than the hall so it would be good if if there was anything and then they
506. about trying to sort out somewhere a field somewhere for a car park because there's always a problem when there's an event there yeah in the hall whether it be in the hall or the church yeah so there needs to be a car park somewhere you know just erm gently just so it's not doesn't upset erm but i'm sure it we will get it sorted well
511. ' t think i could take on another one of something erm at the minute no but we'll see but the point is well i i'm thinking about this yeah is that when the church is it's gonna be open wednesdays wednesday afternoon from ten till starting in april yeah it was open we went we walked down that way last wednesday it's always open one wed on a wednesday
514. ' s advertising it that's the thing isn't it? just a yeah we thought we'd come to you on that put a big one up put a big one up one the church just a few adverts around on that on that junction with a big arrow open studio but that was what do you think about bringing the dolls'houses down? yeah that type of thing yeah yeah
516. ' s not this water there's tomato juice ooh it's in little glasses he's really his name is actually is it? yes but the moment he's walked into the church he felt freezing so he decided he would change his name to oh right you see? very good so when you ask him what his name is he's and then he goes free like that ah would
518. at yeah harmonica kazoo and guitar he well he makes it sing anyhow they're having a the one of the i think it's the the bass player erm his wife at their church which is out that way mm this way as well erm they have each year a raffle for a christmas hamper a big two hundred pound super - duper hamper you see erm between
519. and then you have to go to a gathering to to for when they do the prize draw and then they charge five pounds for you to go to the gathering for the prize draw yeah in this one church but there's there's they're playing and they're doing skiffle it's gonna they've got a skiffle band together oh right and that'll be fun so
521. fa - mouse yeah but he was i couldn't get him to sleep i couldn't get him to sleep erm that night mm so excited all these people he'd met in the church yeah he thought it was brilliant he did he loved it in fact he had more fun than i did running the thing i think twelve pounds seventy - four i made did you? we'd been there
535. m sure i'll find it and if you've gone that far you can turn round at there's there's a middle ground there there's a space just beyond the catholic church yes and come back down and then park there and it cuts through just to the road behind ah right okay so that's good anyway no more details you'll get muddled up no that '
537. same bit tell me again when we get to the village oh okay i thought you'd be excited we were there we were nearly there i'm excited we're in where's that church gone? there's a nice little piece of woodland yeah isn't it? it is nice quite nice yeah i'd like that plot nice little piece of land do you think it's
538. middle of the road yeah i'm not walking in the middle of the road and we get off the road if we hear them right lane no that goes to the ah see that's the church that we haven't been to see we could go down there one day yeah there's a bus stop there look and there's no is that a bus stop? no that's not
546. still going strong are they? oh right and that was that is something i do yeah yeah but erm otherwise i just turn up and i i sometimes have helped with the with the decoration of the church but i'm not very flower arranging erm expert you know sort of person i like to stick them in a vase and enjoy them they look lovely in that vase i'd i'd love
547. amazing it's really nice yes erm so erm we i i don't really remember it i don't know whether it's do you remember a fashion show being staged in church years ago? no i don't think i was here then well there was a young from hospital and erm it was all trad she was she ran a christian group at and and i used
548. ##s they actually put boards all across the top of the pews and the models walked all over them over the pews oh and i remember thinking at the time this is a bit strange for a church and they were selling you know i'm i'm terribly mindful of i mean we're talking about erm seventy - eight erm nineteen eighty early nineteen eighty we're talking and
562. we've got plenty of sounds in english ch isn't in the english alphabet yeah but you've got c h and when you see it together you know it's like ch for church or channel yeah but that's two separate phone two separate graphemes it's not we don't actually have them in the alphabet i know but there's yeah but if you if
565. and i wasn't doing particularly well and i made a few mistakes i think and then there was this sort of slam as the book you know book went down and she she just ran out the church and i thought oh heck i hope i haven't upset her by singing behind and trying to spit out the words mm that she wasn't singing or anything cos she's a bit she
567. feel like a little tendons in your fingers yeah yeah just pulling just oh oh my god no my niece used to be quite into it we were er we used to go in there's a church that you can climb up like you come to the centre of the spire yeah which is quite cool so i go with her and then er a little bit in korea but i i i'm always good
568. the hump yeah it's a whole sophie got yeah fuck tears of joy he was in tears of joy i just wanna scrub it all out it's not the chu it's the church of england sophie it's not g you can't just take it all back he's horrible anyway enough peep show yeah but it's good brass eye that's classic yeah yeah
570. ##ained to american frinds that these mm these houses that are around factories and dockyards yeah they are they can't believe that we walk out of our house and there's a church down the road houses that's eight hundred years old mm mm what? but they would say like why would you wanna live on top of each other? and i'm like they knock everything down
572. perfect three days istria er the erm mm motovun and buzet restaurants specialise in truffle dishes so look forward to a hearty laid lunch watch the sunset from the church terrace in the nearby hill town of groznjan then have a drink in the shade of the arches of the venetian loggia what's a loggia? i don't know afterwards return
573. it's the sea and a mountain vaguely is he coming? rovinj with its brightly painted houses reflected in the water that looks nice huddled onto a steep sided peninsula crowned by a venetian style church it was the most attractive town in istria and one of the prettiest spots on the entire croatian coastline looks quite pretty here look those rivers i think we're doing okay aren't we
593. us no map? compass? wwe we we did have a basic map we had a basic map compass? we got compasses yeah mm but erm coming coming back i f mm from the little church we didn't wanna go back the same way cos it was quite a long trek so we knew were well we thought we knew where we were going well we knew where we were we had to
600. totally exhausted we were we we and they were queued up waiting to get in no not quite were they? really hot well actually what what we did was we went all the way back to the church and there was this guy there painting painting the church mm like you know a a doing a painting of it right? well we went up to him and he say have you know do you know how which
602. just off for the day so he'd dumped his stuff oh right dumped his rucksack right? yeah and we put it safe mm and then and he'd come up to this little church we didn't know that to paint the church to do a painting of it mm and oh and he give us a lift oh it was like saved saved our lives didn't it really? oh
603. his stuff oh right dumped his rucksack right? yeah and we put it safe mm and then and he'd come up to this little church we didn't know that to paint the church to do a painting of it mm and oh and he give us a lift oh it was like saved saved our lives didn't it really? oh it was so far back by car when we yeah
605. the fai you know faithful friend the faithful dog yeah erm and you walk miles to that and miles back and you think god why did i go there? that's why i said was the church any good you know? well that's right but it was fun walking but you know going back though isn't it? when you got there you thought yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you thought that
606. that that's really what yeah yeah i mean hopefully it'll be be like this well if it's like this it'll be lovely won't it? mm yeah with the church it'll be or outside at the back of the conservatory i must remember to ask to take a camera i'm sure she will anyway yeah yeah and i imagine will yes he'll he '
608. very true do you want this? are you just you know waking up? that's it there we go let's hope you're gonna like having er water on your head in the church you better be on your best behaviour you like the water don't you? yeah oh you were gonna go swimming today yeah i know were you gonna go with erm still? maybe i'll
615. that's her dad isn't it? yes right but then af after erm before he moved i i was asking him about because i when they said we're reordering the church and we're the pews are going and things and then he said that little organ's gonna have to go it was a it was a oh yeah it was a that that lovely organ it
623. i've got a a a really good children's set of bells not cheap ones up in my loft and they haven't been used for ages you can have them to use for the church oh that's nice you know so just just on a permanent loan yeah erm oh and then that's where i was going to link from the youth team the youth they they'd love
624. would say yeah yeah that would be noticed but this is just going to be an evening wedding because wants to be married at christmas mm where there are it's a time for no flowers in the church it's advent so it'll just be candle lit mm but that'll be beautiful so yes so the wedding that's very nice will start at three thirty mm and hopefully by then it
625. isn't it? it probably would be yeah yeah mm so so she has no flowers does that mean what about a bouquet and all that kind of er she could have a bouquet but in the church the church is not dressed you know but it will have erm christmas trees in it because mm they do that for school you know before school term erm finishes they have the school play so it will
626. t it? it probably would be yeah yeah mm so so she has no flowers does that mean what about a bouquet and all that kind of er she could have a bouquet but in the church the church is not dressed you know but it will have erm christmas trees in it because mm they do that for school you know before school term erm finishes they have the school play so it will be decorated
627. colour wasn't it? yeah yeah it came out quite well yeah so no those lights came yeah they they d they did them well for's well we wanted to do something at outside the church but for's wedding er he wants a marquee like you had or had but erm the roof to be erm clear oh oh gosh it's sitting in the la in the
628. from different perspectives i'm sure mm i i yesterday i went round delivering erm and cake to all the all the ladies who had had helped volunteered their time to do the flower arranging in the church oh lovely and i had to go and find er extraordinary people who lived in extraordinary places mm to dig them out and they all had a different take on it comment to make yeah oh lovely and then should
629. ' re looking at plants at the moment and she said well when? so i said the fifth of september and she said oh we tried for that date and we weren't allowed to have the church and i said i've got it and she's having the next the next week oh so we said right we must get together and i'll pass you over all my lanterns cos is
633. ought to have one for oh and you put the lights on didn't you? and i came past yes that's why the lights are on and i came past you nutcase the the church and somebody from the village has put up a banner with you know that string that's made out of paper? oh crikey yeah and there's nothing pulling out sideways so they've
634. mince pies afterwards lovely you see? mm what sort of carols do you sing and they're not happy clappy things are they? no these are old fashioned no an old fashioned church yeah i know it is i just thought it was happy clappy but do you know do happy clappy at there are no good carols happy clappy? no there aren't any they '
635. mean it's up to them sticking it where they want mm oh i know but some yeah i just saw in the paper was it in the paper i saw it or was it? some methodist church somewhere have er er booked the choir oh right yeah well we've been told that we shouldn't book the choir because it erm this year their musical director was erm prosecuted for child mole
636. bells it's nice yeah i might actually we'll see how this goes and then once heard them i think the bells would be good if they came and played erm one evening in the church during the festival yeah that'll be good but they have you know they are brilliant ho i hope i get to be as good as some of them yeah they're totally brilliant and they're
637. should i that there is a great shortage of organists yeah and i still think i ought to i mean it's not a good time of year to start it in the summer maybe when the church is open on the saturdays i could go and sit in there and practise yeah and that would be a good opportunity and keep the church sort of manned as well erm mm and also i '
646. ##atradition well because east is mecca as well? well i think i think i think i'm right when i say east it is well it's one way or the other but the church that where the altar's always at the east end yeah cos the church mm started off erm why the main body of the church is called the nave is because it was naval the ship oh
651. ' s at the east end and the east is also where the sun rises every morning yeah mm and comes in does it? so it's the bright it's the brightest bit of the church you gave me a lovely little book you know on church architecture oh yeah and it's really interesting that is it? the erm and iif you if you look at all the sites where churches
653. edge of the plot mm yeah and that's also because erm the favourite favourite part for burials was to the south in the warm in the sun you see in the brightest bit north of the church is dark yeah and that was considered you were very lowly if you got put there you see oh i see you couldn't go into that other bit and also if you'd and that '
656. at the north no one ge no one gets to see the people buried around the north side is north south ain't it? erm yeah the the the well it's east west the church you walk in you walk in at the south and you walk up towards the north to go through the door yeah yeah it is isn't it? yeah yeah it is exactly that it's exactly
657. cos there's houses up there isn't there as well? i know but i doubt probably there's a right of way across it or something but yeah but the field is the church yeah that's leased to is it i think isn't it yeah? yeah erm and that's why theythey'll never run out of space for the graveyard there because they
660. and i thought right now i'll go and do the banner then i come out and then i find it's it's all too wet no i didn't i went to the church i picked up the church banner i got to change and it's all i've just yeah got all alert yeah and yet they were supposed to be helping you all all the time weren't
661. i'll go and do the banner then i come out and then i find it's it's all too wet no i didn't i went to the church i picked up the church banner i got to change and it's all i've just yeah got all alert yeah and yet they were supposed to be helping you all all the time weren't they you know? well
662. ever so shy yeah and erm but she's erm coming out the she gets alright on alright with and yeah you know somehow she's clicked with them yeah but she she at the church she has to sit just sitting in the pew nearest to the door at the back so would i yeah so i can escape and that's what she needs to do and yeah i don't like
669. route and get lost no let's go back the same way we came thank you very much i'm not going to try one of your alternative routes i would quite like to go to that church though that looks quite interesting yeah which one is? cos there's there's not even a erm was that that slip road we saw? no i remember your dad said about that one
670. end it is nice now this road here i don't know where it goes i think one day we should find out no that's the one that says it leads to the chapel but the church i was looking at is just over there look oh where is it? you can see it through the trees but there's no road i'm sure there was a different one right i want to
673. i'm sure there was supposed to be a footpath oh well we'll have to wait for our camera won't we so there's no point trying to get over to the church when you you know it would be like some hammer horror thing i mean this is road i wonder if this erm and that's lane i want to explore both of these i wonder well wait how
674. really old black and white movie i'm not they should do that again they should start screening that shit they did something in the uh what's it called? the sain paul's church in birmingham? just before christmas they uh projected alfred hitchcock's the bird's onto the wall oh yeah inside yeah and that you got bats in the belfry and everything and all the bats
675. three or two or three days but it didn't so he wen he went and planted it on another ladder and the steeplejack's ladder who was he was on a roof of er church uhu and i thought that was quite funny because he didn't know that it wasn't mad that it was man made oh okay but what's he trying to do all the time then
685. it doesn't get hot it should be well worn with then you have to take your jumper off mm oh i know i'm in trouble if that happens it never gets that warm in that church it doesn't in the summer there's the trees keep the sun off yeah if you well worn jumper with great big gashes in it that could be your said the well worn jumper holy jumper
695. ll just have to ask why would you have to order turkish money? it's not worth anything i know just go to that place you know the thomas cook opposite thomas cook at the top of church street uh hub just pop in there just ask them on wednesday yeah and just get a hundred quid you have to pay in cash otherwise you have to take your passport you'll have to draw it
696. don't know dunno yeah i was just i yeah i could see why wants it in chester just to make it a bit different it's it'll be nice to get to that church why does everyone tell me chester's really rough at night yeah dunno probably is how i don't understand how rough is it just fights no rougher than really but i still don't
700. ' s with your other man i went with dad an and then i went with but i thought you were with me one time maybe i have been you'd remember it cos it is a church that's now got a bar in the middle of it it still looks like a church it's got a bar in the middle of it yeah it still is a church it's just got
703. s our boat moored up oh yeah that was a very nice place wasn't it? mm this is where richard the lionheart had his castle good place yeah i actually i see that large church i actually painted that didn't i? i sat there one afternoon and looked back and there were some lovely erm sort of mature erm faded ochre walls erm yes yes yes but but
705. before when it first started oh yes said i liked it then but but i was also a bit wary of it but it wouldn't bother me going again but we walked straight in straight into the church so you can't grumble at that can you? that's good if we had gone to i bet we would have been half an hour before we got our hair cut really? yeah yeah
706. suspension so all considered there's lots of halls and houses and things around here it's strange that should be something hall or something house yeah yeah sorry yeah houses and we've got some church halls and lots of cottages fair enough towns in a bit? yeah erm so yeah it's not we've just gone over the sort of bridge there and so we've kind of half
707. i'm saying is that enough there? yeah i think that is right that's yours that's mine that's's so you'll need to get some pictures of this church before they change all the flowers for this sunday don't i yeah so i'd better go down today hadn't i? well that's up to you that is what have you got
708. d better go down today hadn't i? well that's up to you that is what have you got to do? well it'll be nice we had the harvest festival at the church with beautifully dressed with flowers it was fantastic and i just thought it would be nice to put that on the internet because they went to a lot of effort for that yeah and that that would just be nice
709. place mm here it is yeah oh oh my it's very beautiful mm yeah it was a fantastic place it is lovely all the flowers and the rockeries a lovely lovely valley and we went this church place that's and erm erm plantagenet and there hundreds and hundreds of stained glass windows like this wow seventy - two thirty - two yeah you were at the top were you? at
710. no hurry well i'm just worried that the flowers will be gone they are so beautiful it'll be nice to get them before somebody decides they're gonna change what's in the church yeah yeah okay is today wednesday? no it's thursday it's thursday so there won't be anybody down there so i've got to go and get my key thank you for lunch
711. t weddings awful i said no actually they're jolly easy cos a lot of the time they'll just want us there to ring the peel because they haven't got bells in the church that work oh yeah and we just ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding do they? so what's going on with the church bells then? no they
716. i feel s you know depending on the company like i need to make more or less effort er with the skin yeah erm so yeah don't know ah look it's a bellend church yeah that is hilarious yeah looks kind of painful with that cross sticking out where it is like like a piercing oh prince albert prince albert right in there right in the end or one of those umbrella chlam
717. ##edersehen adieu when are you gonna perform this? on the eighteenth of december when we leave on such a winter's day what's dad singing? no idea i walked into a church oh you're singing california dreaming? i stepped along the way i got down on my got down on my knees oh god why are you both singing now? ow what is she singing again? i
720. yeah but er that all was from queen victoria's blood stock i think that problem it was mm it's a shame and then apparently on the site where they got massacred they built the church i found that quite surprising really and there was the little mosaic pictures of the yes was it all the family? or just those four girls? erm i think as far as i'm aware i
723. and then we go then oh so then these are so that's a view of the farm yes i've seen that one yeah and then across right across the road you've got the church and then there's loads of buried there yeah yeah and down the road they had oh cottage my grandfather then went your great - grandfather went to live in there at one time mm that's true
724. came up to yeah i yeah in the midlands and i thought ministers were poor mm so the first time we went there we oh that's where he lived at one time then that's the church where he was the minister then erm we tried to work out we thought he lived in this certain house by looking at the census mm and he called his house house but it didn't say house
737. ' t it? yeah starts sunday at put signposts rail enthusiasts please park at or to watch the trains really? yeah yeah they do it all the time yeah yeah oh or park at the church yeah yeah we're opening services on as well though not on a saturday oh nobody getting married on a saturday you can park there not even s can walk yeah can park they can't do anything
739. where i was like doubled over like this is where all these problems come from yeah and then he had to sneak off and pee and then pee down some alleyway somewhere basically the the toilet at the church was through a gate down the side of the church which was padlocked so when i asked matey at the back of the church like is the toilet down the side? oh yeah it is down
742. what it does tonight in all fairness we could ask in all fairness we could ask the bus driver when we get on and say are you gonna go round erm? and then back out at the church like they're gonna know where they're going no cos the one's in the morning go around the other way so they start by going like and then come back to lower cam then
743. the bbc news erm there was a pict there was a f a film on erm the bbc about president xi visiting mm er over yes yes and then they had a picture of this big church that had been erm where the people of this local i dunno town had grouped gathered together and built a big church erm erm a christian church right erm and there was pictures of the
747. at misc at hoop last night that unfortunately you guys are away for this weekend erm but there's a weekend in june when all the circus people are gonna go to hang out in the church hall and anybody who wants to do a little routine of anything can go so it could be jugglers and fire breathers well probably not fire breathers but they'll have to do that outside and
748. erm there's the railway signs to do and they've got to all be put up as doing the show you see right and so i've got and you're planning the church well no there's a problem with that erm that's that's come up because an awfu four of our members played in the er er or and they've got they they
749. checked that's good but she's got it on her list as unconfirmed i thought it was on the internet no it isn't they'll be bell ringers in the church i didn't see it i'm sure it is well i i oh well but anyhow it's unconfirmed erm and i'll be seeing them what? totonight
750. board on a board yeah but there's a round tower coming out from half a round tower coming out with a oh okay ha a half of it and that's about the shape of the church looking from the end uhu and i'll only have one just one window in it right and i've got a giant bell that will so so that that's looking at it oh and
751. actually throughout the day if we get a quiet bit we can emp keep emptying it yeah yeah yeah it would be it would be really embarrassing to take and also then this can sit in the church and er and i've done a well i don't know whether though see you can't you can't screw on anything actually i can't put a screw in anything no no
755. in no music on the saturday that's why she wanted it yeah thought that would be good cos a lot of her music on the saturday yeah so you've got things happening in the church on the sunday that this this chap gouliere or something or yeah he bern berna yeah de bernieres bernieres yeah de bernieres or something in the church well they like can you put
757. and er and keep emptying it? well yeah could do er? it doesn't matter i mean evereverybody that's there well the people who look after it look after the church all the time anyway just put do a a little sign up saying god is watching you i know i've thought of doing i thought of doing all sorts of things you could do all sorts of things
758. i've thought of doing i thought of doing all sorts of things you could do all sorts of things you and you could have a sensor of somebody who works and walking i mean the into the church and it says yeah hello how lovely to see you down on your knees well this is now and a big come down and push you down no th no it's not like that it's not
761. have a look to there's if i think it's the first page there's a beach area where it was saying they had polo match pazin after visiting a historic centre fifteenth century church what should you do then? dunno i'm sorry i thought you were going onto something else so yeah if you have a look at pazin i'm sure it's in that but
762. is daily mail had an article mm about it didn't they? yes and it showed er you know some bomb damage mm from this zeppelin in er city centre one in particular was alongside of the church weren't it? mm yes mm you know so you know down there yeah but it during during the war er i mean at the time erm a lot of people lived in the town yes yeah
763. ##m sort of law management theatre and television and then it goes into the village and then you know then we went erm we went past some traffic lights over a bump mm and then we saw the church? yeah well it there's a er the bus lane goes into down there and it turns right er left in there and it goes to that kind of roundabout past hall mm to stop at hall to
764. stuff from where it's been yeah held and there's a massive amount of effort going round and chivvying yeah people i mean i think some of the tables came from the catholic church yeah mm that's it just used everything that there was and very well you see well supported mm very yes it won't come back of course oh no it can't mm it's
765. yeah and then obviously she might need to go and yeah take some pictures of the of the men groomsmen and everything yeah yeah and then she might she'll need to get to like the church early to get a few snaps to get a few snaps of it without anyone in it and stuff yeah and then obviously then they'll have the recep she'll have to like take photos of
767. don't have to have any background no scenery no nothing it sounds rubbish yeah they erm have taken a couple of photographs out of the archives off the internet showing an american soldier stood in a church full of crates of looted artwork erm and then they've set up this how rubbish totally spurious bloody committee of so called experts which justifies having old men in uniform right erm to try
779. a different sort of set - up but they tend to rent do they? but generally? that's what germans do yeah i mean they're both professionals on she she runs the ch bavarian church archive mm she's frauen delectorine oh right very very er so i don't know what her salary is but good yeah you know and they they don't have kids so
781. ah one of the play groups goes to one of the church ones they were er yes this week they were handing out nativity costumes so they could go to a nativity play theme thing and the church on sunday i was like i can't ju mm luckily i was like well i've got a friend who is arriving at ten thirty so i'm not going to be able to go to
782. i was like i can't ju mm luckily i was like well i've got a friend who is arriving at ten thirty so i'm not going to be able to go to the church but i was like what i can't can't be anything he'll just run off do you know what did when he was's age? no he used to go to playgroup
788. nose they are literally more nasalised than we are yes there's a village near northampton that erm where the wedding where the where the where the erm wedding are they hot? where the church was they are hot if you put do you yeah yeah yeah yeah they did if you put a if you put a f i e l d on that what would you call that? cobra field no that
789. does the weather no no he's got work placement he's not that young on my next coursework my media studies coursework took me to a spring summer fair thing at a really bizarre church building in right which i'd never seen before and it's just down the road from church and he was there as the local celebrity opening the fair what the schoolboy? no he's
790. coursework my media studies coursework took me to a spring summer fair thing at a really bizarre church building in right which i'd never seen before and it's just down the road from church and he was there as the local celebrity opening the fair what the schoolboy? no he's not a schoolboy you know erm who was? yes well she sent me this in the post
791. i don't suppose so i think i think one once since yes yeah i think we need there used to be two in er there used to be another one well it's more like a church than a chapel i suppose but this one's a chapel yeah more than anything else i suppose oh grandma was always good with children oh she knew she gave lots of parties for children yes yeah i remember
792. real towns to navigate off no there seems to be a problem still flying yes because there's no way that had got lost down no it's empty there's nothing there not even a church no you wouldn't even know where you are no no no no we we used to find that yeah and then there's little rivers everywhere so that's no help you know well in cambridge
800. just said well i don't care and did it anyway yeah well i think we got a couple of girls on there now mm all dressed in their gowns too yeah that was a very good church there he was young yeah and he was quite progressive he was popular too yeah people used to go yes well i i think this chap mm not that i see him very much well you came to the
801. used to go yes well i i think this chap mm not that i see him very much well you came to the funeral didn't you? yes yeah i did yeah it was a nice church oh well we used to take really didn't we? yeah yeah yeah and you would have taken me there when i was younger too you too us to mass a few times oh did i? oh
802. without mum it was down here? oh yes when i was oh i suppose i was quite young wasn't i? yeah about nine or ten probably ah yeah and you used to take us to church then oh i remember picking you up on the station there that's right yeah i remember that yeah sticks in my mind eh you were racing towards me there was about a hundred yards away ah with a
806. yeah i had a lovely jolly chat with the lord mayor yes yeah very sort of jolly person is cooking a leg of lamb tomorrow and they're having two guests yeah two folk i know yeah from church yeah and some chap whose name i always forget who's a lovely boy a lib dem i hope's better well i hope he is actually i mea erm did say that he
807. day as well and i and where was it held? erm you know the road where is? wait a minute oh yes yes yes yes yes yeah so further up along there ah right in a church hall oh right yeah and yeah have you been into the charity shop next to co - op recently? er next to co - op? co - op yes we always call it co - op yeah er
810. do i mean i used to when i was a teenager i used to do a couple of paper rounds mm and one was the evening one and i used to go and i'd cut through the church and i always used to when i had time go and and just read and you sort of look and see how old people are and the family and yeah erm you know like they had two children or
811. thing people here that won't stay with the project in or have put up five million pounds so why can't we? yeah well because you can't no you are not at that church in that's a one off yeah it will happen once in a generation that some money is yes so they need to find out what is a realistic thing yeah and what they realistically think they could
814. think the last thing is to go to the architect and say this is what we need here's the kind of money you will have available to do it with yeah and even in a grade one church you could do that yeah you can have a modest servery that costs no more than it would in an unlisted building yes functionally it is exactly the same yes you might spend ten pounds more
816. ve got a multistorey block of flats before but with this sort of white this white portico with doric on the front yes that's right yeah but there and then there's another church where actually the their church is like erm a sort of shortbread box for the building yeah that they've put inside it right it's a bit like us i suppose but there's
818. these bits for prosperity can be the wrong the wrong way of going around things yeah there's one in er where they built totally self - contained glass box mm a metre from the walls of the church mm on either side and it fits inside like a hand in glove mm and you can actually walk er entirely round the glass box oh right i don't know if they do that now i don '
819. a space to two thousand and if you go back to the numbers i know it was built for two thousand because the whole of was supposed to turn up to celebrate the battle winning of because of the church it never happened no and even though all the churches in even in that middle twentieth century would close and march from for remembrance sunday it still wasn't there weren't enough for even then to fill
820. gallery is never used yes and the galleries were just junk because there was nobody up there oh absolutely always full of junk and never ever been anybody up there and in fact actually when they converted the the church is still on the ground floor but their offices and all the are all around the gallery things that they've left are the gallery blocked in yeah so the gallery was always disposable there as
827. have you not asked her how she claimed it back? no i need to ask her you do really because i remember hearing her her phone rang and sometimes i just work the walk the length of the church if we come out the same time yeah and erm i heard her say but yeah it's a lot of money isn't it? transport there and back every day blah blah blah blah where
828. mm you know at the traffic lights? mm mm yeah yeah and down at yeah you go to head up towards from mm mm from and you come to the little village of oh right really beautiful little church out there mm it's really old thirteenth century i used to do concerts there yeah excuse me mm cor wow ooh wow thank you what er fromage is over there we got cor this
830. a the there was a korean group all together singing some lovely songs mm mm and then we went to saint mar was it saint mary's? mm i can't remember there's a church at the bottom where they think i don't know i can't remember because we were just because they were just packed but wasn't it they they scientists proved that it was wasn't
833. mm cor don't they make a row? they do their dog fights yeah fights up there don't they? er all the way round mm and then they then they they go from church to church apparently oh yeah? so they can actually fly fly below the radar mm and they come along wow they come past there don't they? yeah sometimes yeah and they go they go to the
837. er village yeah a whole village made it into a rereservoir and it's got so the water had gone down so much now mm some of the roofs of the housing and the church are showing through mm they didn't get rid of them why d? surely all that stuff'd pollute the water? well it's like if you if you drown a reservoir er a
838. up all them little all them little creatures yeah what live in there mm that's all cleaned anyway the water is ain't it? i was just thinking of the lead on er on the church roof i i think they'd take it off i think if you're gonna drown you know this sort of idea that yeah you know you can still hear the bells ringing in the church yeah i
839. the church roof i i think they'd take it off i think if you're gonna drown you know this sort of idea that yeah you know you can still hear the bells ringing in the church yeah i think anything of value was mm taken out of these places before they were yeah abandoned i they would yeah yeah there's always some fly - by - night who'll be there if that
847. in one before we then started saying okay how would we now adapt the building? cos we had to alter all kinds of mm stuff on the different levels how the stairca access it and the church space that they wanted to keep yeah which was actually a foyer yeah had to be cut off from the staircase yeah otherwise they were simply a throughway yeah but each space had to be individually manageable because
852. ? how is it manageable? yeah is it really there? and i don't think there was one for them i never saw no a single ho single homeless person malingering around the church where i was going quite a lot of period of time yeah well that was an issue i think you would've seen quite a lot yeah i'm sure if you are there all the time you
853. time you see some but then you've got to be careful as well because i mean round you know it's around that building you know there was a guy lying on the grass in the church yard having had a whole thing full of probably and was as they went up tenants and asked him if he was alright to see if he was dead or alive turned up he was alive but he claimed the
868. are there in us prisons? one hundred and sixty - five thousand murderers in prisons and that's the ones they've caught that's like the guy said after that guy went into that church and killed he said that the nra said if they if the people if gun laws were more relaxed then less people might have died cos they would have had the means they're wrong because it
869. thinking of then yeah it's not great i don't like it it's like a social space like a social club if you get what i mean the ones you get attached to a church yeah i can kind of see what you mean there mm but they try and go for a club element to it which is horrible it is horrible especially when the er dj's putting spotify on was
878. so that's start about seven say it takes us ten minutes to do that mm then i should realistically i should be across at the singers i'm not even needed over at the other church until about quarter past half past eight but i should i might even be there before the thingy started well they don't start until half seven exactly so i might even be there for that you might
881. she talks such a lot oh yeah exhausting it's who's that lady she lives down the bottom then does she? to see them? who's that? by by by the church just behind the school there yes they're not there all the time they're away a lot yeah oh did you go to vietnam? no why? why was i in vietnam then? no idea
882. think newcastle has a cathedral i think i sang in it well it must do yeah i i think i sang in it mm it might not have been a cathedral that might've been just a big church it was a while ago so the original logic for placing cathedrals was just where are there enough people we can screw over yeah to get enough money to build this thing? yeah oo cities right er
883. ' d like to come if it was bsl where do you where do they do that? great erm where was she saying that they do it? opposite erm train station er in the church there on the roundabout oh that church yes i think they do it in there i don't know how much it is actually maybe i i will have a look now because i would quite like to go
885. i would be surprised if that was er i think she's making that up twelve weeks mm i know i don't know friday five fifty per family per class if that's at methodist church mm well they can phone about it there might be a a waiting list or there might be spaces yes it's just can i bring my mother for the family price? well yes it says per family
887. whether it's true or not i don't know a new priest at some new church mm who dressed himself erm to look like he was homeless and lay down on the steps of the church uhu to see if anybody stopped or talked to him or said hi how are you? or do you need anything? do you wanna come in? whatever and nobody did and so he then walked into
889. there'd be plenty of witnesses to put him away die a slow and painful death that would be a death worth that would be worth it my god yeah town what? this isn't a church town is it? shall i just put there? what for your address? it says where do you currently live? and it says country that's england innit? town? i can put is
890. nice was a nice little village i haven't been there for years mm i think there's one little school there i think oh right yeah we're stopping off at the or one little church or something is it? oh right yes we're stopping off at the erm inn oh for refreshments oh well that's i go i remember that inn years ago where's that
893. d are we? yeah gosh i think so thick and fast well that'll be when the girls are here then three weeks'time well i wish you'd heard people coming out of church a fortnight ago ah yeah? when you'd been playing when the postgate relics were there oh yeah yeah it was rea the music was really good oh cheers there was an old man sat
899. get back to it? look there's that old very cool looking derelict pub yeah the yeah it's beautiful er there's erm a a gardens there a park there's a church and a park we've never been there but i want to get back to this well hopefully we turn right at the yeah oh no it's quite hot now well what's in the looks
902. ll be nice so that's monday night mm then tue it's my christmas week next week it's all over after next week tuesday night's in the choir at the methodist church choir are performing did he join? he did oh good for him oh he's got to wear a dickie bow has he? he has wow so i've got that little concert yeah apparently
905. can't be thinking of my dickens novels or hardy novels even better but you have to go for an mm for an interview and everything no when you get married no you do no only in a church no i i looked into it ah and you d have to go for a preliminary thing oh right er probably ac probably now that is to prove you're you're that you're not yeah
917. old ford no i didn't and wasn't it a ford? no what was that one? vauxhall victor fe a two point three is that the one that was over near the church wall and you were kicking that night cos it wouldn't go? it was cos that'll count for pretty much any car i've had when i first started going out with i
918. that? that's the that's the is it? is it? mm wow mm looks lovely at night isn't it? yeah ah mm there's some some that's church which that's what opposite the it's from isn't it? isn't it? yeah that's the one that's opposite the isn't it so that's
919. no it isn't is it? no is that is you're right yeah i think it's just that don't know what i think it's just a c of e church isn't it? yeah c of e so anyhow i was saying my mum bought my brother a horse when he was about twelve he called in flicker but that had been ridden by somebody far too
920. what horses they have? oh yeah erm where i'm doing work experience it's erm a yard you know as you're coming from and you're going up to the church? right and on the left there's like a massive like cream house with like horses yeah on the left it's on the left yeah that's erm farm dressage right competition yard
921. too busy trying to stay afloat wasn't he? yeah was bring my bag back you get off my bag yeah was just somewhere else in the lake mm then we got there walked round the church in our cocostumes whatever crazy mm yes and then yeah venice was erm cos what we'd done is we'd bought a ticket to get catch the train so we got on
924. with erm he was dad would have been doing som you were taking the car wi did take you? er yes yeah you were getting the car to the church for later the car to the church the yeah pick it up well so you leave it there so and decorating it with whatever had made yeah he was definitely doing something yeah he was doing that yeah cos otherwise he would have taken us

Cluster 3
5. you know it could be allegorical in some way or just cute it could advertise church bingo nights do churches really have bingo nights i mean really in y just ask mum does she go to church bingo nights? she goes to pretty much anything the church does do i have to start being nice about bingo now? um actually i don't think she really likes bingo i think she'd see
7. ' t know that's better i'm just sort out my new book erm and then we did churches churches yes didn't you already go in like year one year two to a church when the school came? there we go yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah but then sometimes we didn't yeah yeah yeah so after history mm mm i'm gonna go and get changed it was where that
20. got a lot to do people had gone so we we got the boys to help us we cleared away everything and at twenty past eleven we hopped out the house and went up to midnight mass at the church oh at our church? haven't been to midnight mass and i don't know how well for years and years was it did the boys go with you? but we yeah they didn't
21. do people had gone so we we got the boys to help us we cleared away everything and at twenty past eleven we hopped out the house and went up to midnight mass at the church oh at our church? haven't been to midnight mass and i don't know how well for years and years was it did the boys go with you? but we yeah they didn't want to but we
23. years was it did the boys go with you? but we yeah they didn't want to but we did make them yeah the church was packed really? how often do you go in that little church and it's packed? never it was so nice to see there must have been sixty odd people in there and who took it? or er no what's the lady called? you know the
43. might have been a bit further down then it went part way into really? and there was a wharf in oh eh yeah we're in now yeah yeah when we were in there was this this church that was jet black with soot still from the industrial revolution when there was a factories and things in where?? yeah which church was it? it was it was the big one in whatever it '
44. re in now yeah yeah when we were in there was this this church that was jet black with soot still from the industrial revolution when there was a factories and things in where?? yeah which church was it? it was it was the big one in whatever it's called yeah there is a up the road from the cricket is it? it could have been actually yeah mm up the road from
45. in general you didn't no mm oh oh there's a community market tomorrow and i think we're going to it yeah did you find out the one where there's where the church is is it the er er no i i need parish church? i need to do that i think it would probably the parish church darling i don't know i didn't know there was a
46. s a community market tomorrow and i think we're going to it yeah did you find out the one where there's where the church is is it the er er no i i need parish church? i need to do that i think it would probably the parish church darling i don't know i didn't know there was a church even well the parish church i don't know er
47. yeah did you find out the one where there's where the church is is it the er er no i i need parish church? i need to do that i think it would probably the parish church darling i don't know i didn't know there was a church even well the parish church i don't know er? i er don't know mm? it's called well
48. is it the er er no i i need parish church? i need to do that i think it would probably the parish church darling i don't know i didn't know there was a church even well the parish church i don't know er? i er don't know mm? it's called well that must be the parish church? well is there a parish church? yeah
49. no i i need parish church? i need to do that i think it would probably the parish church darling i don't know i didn't know there was a church even well the parish church i don't know er? i er don't know mm? it's called well that must be the parish church? well is there a parish church? yeah the one we pass oh
50. i didn't know there was a church even well the parish church i don't know er? i er don't know mm? it's called well that must be the parish church? well is there a parish church? yeah the one we pass oh look at that no that's erm a modern building oh what's that what have you done? i've cut
51. a church even well the parish church i don't know er? i er don't know mm? it's called well that must be the parish church? well is there a parish church? yeah the one we pass oh look at that no that's erm a modern building oh what's that what have you done? i've cut myself oh that's a lot
52. that's erm a modern building oh what's that what have you done? i've cut myself oh that's a lot of blood er er it's what a modern church? that's quite a modern one that we go past what you mean the catholic one? no silly i mean the erm oh the one on the corner or no the one that the the church
54. one that the the church the road one? no darling the one in the whole square if we go to's the upholsterer yeah oh that one? yeah that's the parish church is that st mark's i wonder that's the parish church mm yeah oh that'll be quite interesting to see that which is why we're all here i suppose what in the parish
55. the whole square if we go to's the upholsterer yeah oh that one? yeah that's the parish church is that st mark's i wonder that's the parish church mm yeah oh that'll be quite interesting to see that which is why we're all here i suppose what in the parish of? the church the church arrived and then all us worshipers and
56. ' s i wonder that's the parish church mm yeah oh that'll be quite interesting to see that which is why we're all here i suppose what in the parish of? the church the church arrived and then all us worshipers and bob's your uncle the church arrives i almost ended up going to's today twice? really? yeah well why? was going there he stayed
57. i wonder that's the parish church mm yeah oh that'll be quite interesting to see that which is why we're all here i suppose what in the parish of? the church the church arrived and then all us worshipers and bob's your uncle the church arrives i almost ended up going to's today twice? really? yeah well why? was going there he stayed for two
58. quite interesting to see that which is why we're all here i suppose what in the parish of? the church the church arrived and then all us worshipers and bob's your uncle the church arrives i almost ended up going to's today twice? really? yeah well why? was going there he stayed for two drinks and then went to and then er but then he had to hurry because
61. going to be okay okay waterloo i was defeated you won the war wonder if that theme park at home's still there where? do you not remember that one they erected next to the chapel the church? which church? near opposite that pub as you come into town oh yeah you know opposite the bus station? don't know doubt it they're only there for like a couple of weeks aren
62. okay okay waterloo i was defeated you won the war wonder if that theme park at home's still there where? do you not remember that one they erected next to the chapel the church? which church? near opposite that pub as you come into town oh yeah you know opposite the bus station? don't know doubt it they're only there for like a couple of weeks aren't they
66. m seeing concert and i'm seeing i guess i'm seeing church erm music it's like music er what did you say sorry? music so i'm gonna say concert and church but then i'm also gonna say i'll i can choose another yeah haven't i? and i'm gonna say mint oh there we are very good mm why did you say mint
75. ##k? i shall be the pop star of the of the funeral i'm doing the eulogy so i'll obviously attract some groupies quite rightly too is it being held in a church the ceremony? was she religreligious? sorry? was she religious? she got drunk religiously yes she had alcoholic constipation she couldn't pass a pub very good
77. ' t know what it entails that i mean there's got to be some qualification that you can go from to go from this though er it was mm well the largest oh the largest parish church in england or something like that no no yeah largest parish church or something yeah cos we don't so now it's gonna come to the smallest cathedral but don't you have to have
78. s got to be some qualification that you can go from to go from this though er it was mm well the largest oh the largest parish church in england or something like that no no yeah largest parish church or something yeah cos we don't so now it's gonna come to the smallest cathedral but don't you have to have a cathedral in order to be a city? because's
79. mean for example the er there was a bomb dropped in avenue avenue mm near there and it was a trip to go see it mm there was loads of people going to see it i mean well the church was a methodist church at the top of avenue it was really big mm methodist church and previously when they'd been bombed out the next street's where grandad lived wasn't there? mm
80. er there was a bomb dropped in avenue avenue mm near there and it was a trip to go see it mm there was loads of people going to see it i mean well the church was a methodist church at the top of avenue it was really big mm methodist church and previously when they'd been bombed out the next street's where grandad lived wasn't there? mm that was a land
81. and it was a trip to go see it mm there was loads of people going to see it i mean well the church was a methodist church at the top of avenue it was really big mm methodist church and previously when they'd been bombed out the next street's where grandad lived wasn't there? mm that was a landmine we went there for to see it yes and you know
93. this one i'd say these are holiday though i wanted to turn it down but you wouldn't let me you're meant to keep it cool i think yeah nice sorry is that the church? which one? yeah looks like a tower isn't it? oh it'll probably be a church won't it? why's that looking like? yeah wanna go there then do
94. me you're meant to keep it cool i think yeah nice sorry is that the church? which one? yeah looks like a tower isn't it? oh it'll probably be a church won't it? why's that looking like? yeah wanna go there then do you? i dunno if it's all like a matter of perspective but kind of like the things that
107. ' s very interested in too too many mm er haven't time flown er today you know eh? it has flown it's coming up to four now cos you were back early from church weren't you? well i didn't go to two churches but we had a good old natter we're a bit miffed that erm cos we're only th well
127. did we stopped er in a in a vill in in a parish in a parish a couple of nights i would think in the parish rooms in or three how funny i don't know which church it was but you won't believe this but those are the same parish rooms that i probably got married to in really? yeah cos we got married crickey in parish church and that was
128. know which church it was but you won't believe this but those are the same parish rooms that i probably got married to in really? yeah cos we got married crickey in parish church and that was that was in oh god how funny it must have been about nineteen you're gonna say it was on the first of what nineteen fifty nineteen sevent no it was nineteen fifty i suppose
142. loads of things i think he even missed school trip i think he probably did miss his school trip i can't remember where you went last where did you go? we went we went to the church did you? what were you going to the church for? we were we were remember when we made the lanterns? u you mean? cathedral? that was ages ago so he definitely was there for that
143. i think he probably did miss his school trip i can't remember where you went last where did you go? we went we went to the church did you? what were you going to the church for? we were we were remember when we made the lanterns? u you mean? cathedral? that was ages ago so he definitely was there for that i'm sure i'm sure but he
145. ' s true mm yeah i don't know who this father christmas is gonna be at the play at the playgroup oh it'll be somebody's husband well it's at the church so it might be the vicar no let's hope not it won't be the vicar no i don't think it'll be the vicar he needs erm his paper ritual anyway yeah
147. yeah er and he's going to playgroup with today so i don't think he needs three playgroups in a week what in the library? no in the church oh the methodist church? yeah a few people came up to me yesterday and said oh i recognise your little boy i saw him mm do you? it's funny it's very big quite a lot with people going
151. no you have to wind the bobbin no bless him so where's the most embarrassing place your phone can ring? or most inappropriate place? oh mine's always ringing weddings funeral anything in church of course er yeah oh yeah anythi mm yeah in church yeah mm some some i guess a funeral would wouldn't it be? or like a mm a wedding mm i'm trying to think
152. where's the most embarrassing place your phone can ring? or most inappropriate place? oh mine's always ringing weddings funeral anything in church of course er yeah oh yeah anythi mm yeah in church yeah mm some some i guess a funeral would wouldn't it be? or like a mm a wedding mm i'm trying to think where i've heard them yeah or even erm i
169. ' s not about how you much power you've got it's all about technique so you're actually ringing the bells in the churches or are they hand bells? no they're church bells fantastic oh can i come? ay can i come? yeah if you want to come along yeah cos i used to where i used to live in spain yeah a place called murcia
172. yes i did maybe eight where was that? where was the wedding? they held it in the reception oh right i don't think we were invited to the bit before so was that in a church or? erm not sure mm the reception was at erm what's that place in? mm the big bigger one where the cycle track starts yeah that's the one mm such a pity
175. that was at the wedding i just didn't want to i just i just what was the main thing that she was doing that irritated you? er i think because it was the performance outside the church yeah yeah it just but get did the right things if you're going to go all your friends who are outside waiting you know that's what you do you don't actually try and be
178. so were you with as well outside? no i was just entirely irritated no i think was around yeah i i can appreciate that but it was funny i think we were probably the only ones in the church who weren't at the wedding but it's not a very big church i imagined when i went to's wedding and i was sat right at the back i was really i was really pleased
179. think was around yeah i i can appreciate that but it was funny i think we were probably the only ones in the church who weren't at the wedding but it's not a very big church i imagined when i went to's wedding and i was sat right at the back i was really i was really pleased to see those people you see i think i'd been somewhere else with i
181. with where you just sit at the back but i don't think a lot of the people who went to the actual reception bothered to come to the church don't you think so? the church seemed full up no there was we worked out there would even be seats down the far side and there were seat we've got a picture haven't we? yeah a fish eye picture that came
188. i've got a wedding to go to i've got his wedding to go to but i'm going i'm being invited for the whole day are you? oh church and oh church and reception? er and reception and evening everything i've been yeah invited that's that you know erm so oh another present so and suits as well and a suit yeah i need to lose
192. housing out here isn't it? isn't it? can do the council do that? make elderly housing? yeah well they did do it they did well at the end of erm church green there was that little cul de sac with them few little sink one storey erm bungalows for the elderly are they for the elderly? yeah at the end of church green? yeah i don
193. end of erm church green there was that little cul de sac with them few little sink one storey erm bungalows for the elderly are they for the elderly? yeah at the end of church green? yeah i don't think right near opposite the bell almost? yeah a little cul de sac oh yeah there was wasn't there? yeah don't think i ever went up
196. see a lot of saturday's i'm gonna be there well if i'm sitting there drafting paintings yeah it's a lovely thing to be doing i can do it outside yeah quiet church yeah yeah it's lovely erm doing signs like that is it the church? yeah oh yeah mm so we're opening every wednesday now as er from ten till four yeah that's that
205. i remember but it's also in the interest of the church the diocese and and the whole community and people who are interested in churches cos that's yeah that's a really brilliant church innit? beautiful church yeah the last chap i showed round was that the one then no that one no the last open i opened the door and he walked he said wow he says i see why
206. s also in the interest of the church the diocese and and the whole community and people who are interested in churches cos that's yeah that's a really brilliant church innit? beautiful church yeah the last chap i showed round was that the one then no that one no the last open i opened the door and he walked he said wow he says i see why you keep this one locked
210. ' s nice you you can see it i think it's the churches one yeah? okay and then next ju in july we've got sixty people coming from the oh that's the church it's not the round it's a lady from the round tower society but she's just bringing the churches people around oh right yeah and she's doing three churches locally mm mm she
219. this there are naughty words to it yeah and there was another another one which erm we were thinking of doing in church in church yeah they got the special bells do you know they were the first church in the world to ring a peel from the tower were they? the first in the world yes they worked out were they? what yes well in the world and they're celebrating so many hundreds of
250. thing at all in this village it's virtually dead well for for the ch for the churchgoers it is they have they have there's quite a few people go to go to the church well there's more going to the church than the pub now i think yeah well that's because of the landlord well that's not saying much is it? that's not saying very
251. virtually dead well for for the ch for the churchgoers it is they have they have there's quite a few people go to go to the church well there's more going to the church than the pub now i think yeah well that's because of the landlord well that's not saying much is it? that's not saying very much yes if this landlord left then we might
252. much is it? that's not saying very much yes if this landlord left then we might have greater attendance in the pub i think the pub would probably have a better chance of revival than the church actually if it got a decent landlord mm mm but i don't think it would happen the same if you got a decent vicar i think the churches are basically finished well no there's you can
253. mm mm but i don't think it would happen the same if you got a decent vicar i think the churches are basically finished well no there's you can loads of people go to that church loads of them they have all the different little groups they stopped inviting me though they did for a i didn't go but loads of people don't go to that church mm and i don '
254. people go to that church loads of them they have all the different little groups they stopped inviting me though they did for a i didn't go but loads of people don't go to that church mm and i don't see how you've mm they did they did not yes there's plenty of people go to that church they've got the little groups there there's er
255. go but loads of people don't go to that church mm and i don't see how you've mm they did they did not yes there's plenty of people go to that church they've got the little groups there there's er there's plenty go but you wouldn't mix with the people who go normally why? well because of your attitudes towards it i don
261. they can i think they should make their own minds up when they're older really well it's probably a better idea mm but i mean it's nice to get married in your local church isn't it? in many ways i think a lot of people prefer prefer that still mm you see they're talking about knocking religion out of schools but er mm i think people should have a
267. your mum and dad get married? do you know? probably here probably at probably at yeah or maybe at mm no it wouldn't but they're but they're buried at what yeah church is that? is that church of england? well er it and and and were linked together ah yeah it was a parish wasn't it? it was a parish but is that a church of england
268. ? do you know? probably here probably at probably at yeah or maybe at mm no it wouldn't but they're but they're buried at what yeah church is that? is that church of england? well er it and and and were linked together ah yeah it was a parish wasn't it? it was a parish but is that a church of england church where they are? where
269. yeah church is that? is that church of england? well er it and and and were linked together ah yeah it was a parish wasn't it? it was a parish but is that a church of england church where they are? where? is that church of england? yeah? yeah yeah yeah so is this one yeah but er i don't know whether they got married at or or whether
270. that? is that church of england? well er it and and and were linked together ah yeah it was a parish wasn't it? it was a parish but is that a church of england church where they are? where? is that church of england? yeah? yeah yeah yeah so is this one yeah but er i don't know whether they got married at or or whether they got married
271. er it and and and were linked together ah yeah it was a parish wasn't it? it was a parish but is that a church of england church where they are? where? is that church of england? yeah? yeah yeah yeah so is this one yeah but er i don't know whether they got married at or or whether they got married at mm i think got married at got married
277. a a pub - cum - bar - cum - something else now and we've got a big brand new building haven't we by where the old church and they're doing yeah the church up as well now so yeah and that warehouse it looks like it's gonna get knocked down the way they're mm going to town on it yeah it's got all masts on it
280. she died just before christmas they delayed it for a couple of weeks then they didn't have a funeral they had a celebration of her life yeah that's lovely and it was a lovely gentle church service yeah where people just read bits and so on and yes we went off to the crematorium afterwards which yeah was sort of the serious bit then back to her house where it was not totally party
288. and yeah erm the you could get a boat across to an island in the middle of the lake oh that's cool and there was yeah oh it was lovely and they had erm the church on the island i can't remember now how many steps it had up to it was it ninety? i think it was er it was eighty something or er ninety eighty something steps up to the church
296. they're waiting to queue to get into the other one across the road yes yes whwhat church is that? oh it's called er at so we have a we have a church an old church we look after dating from eighteen twenty - four but it's been converted so it's a community centre now rather than a church right it's right in the middle of br
297. waiting to queue to get into the other one across the road yes yes whwhat church is that? oh it's called er at so we have a we have a church an old church we look after dating from eighteen twenty - four but it's been converted so it's a community centre now rather than a church right it's right in the middle of brixton oh
298. er at so we have a we have a church an old church we look after dating from eighteen twenty - four but it's been converted so it's a community centre now rather than a church right it's right in the middle of brixton oh there's dance yes oh the dance yes yes it's a good idea i h i haven't replied yes cos i
300. show um er people thinking about the church what it's like as a diocese cos all they've seen so far is a small group of people mm in their area mm in their parish church yeah you know is a fairly big parish but i mean some of them are very small parishes mm so it's to give them an idea of what happens in the diocese so er and there are two
311. white mm stuff mm um er road you know they've got the priory there haven't they or whatever they call it oh and he li he lives there? yeah do they not have a church there? well i think what it is they do but i think he's on loan because he's on loan in the sense that um we've got you're down a priest one
321. and i just i'd got it set up on the other telly and i just timed it right when they were talking about churches and as i as they were talking about churches in the background church came up on the screen and went oh that's church and i went mm yeah yeah so right let's go and get sorted mm okay let's go and get mm in a few minutes
322. other telly and i just timed it right when they were talking about churches and as i as they were talking about churches in the background church came up on the screen and went oh that's church and i went mm yeah yeah so right let's go and get sorted mm okay let's go and get mm in a few minutes what's the time? wow about twenty - five to
323. something back to oh that's nice so so where does the money go? so a a a big chunk of it goes to kidney erm research uhu some of it goes to the local church of the person who's buying the local church of the person as in like oh okay and some of it goes to a charity of our choi why the church? what's the church got to
324. where does the money go? so a a a big chunk of it goes to kidney erm research uhu some of it goes to the local church of the person who's buying the local church of the person as in like oh okay and some of it goes to a charity of our choi why the church? what's the church got to do with it? i don't know i
325. some of it goes to the local church of the person who's buying the local church of the person as in like oh okay and some of it goes to a charity of our choi why the church? what's the church got to do with it? i don't know i don't know maybe they're religious and wanted to so and dona you know so but i think you
327. place that exists like that no it was no it was a long long long long long long time ago oh oh okay and not that long ago a woman erm was making pancakes when she heard the church bell not wanting to when she heard the church bell yes and not wanting to be late she ran with the pancake and had her apron and that's why in they have a race and it means
328. it was a long long long long long long time ago oh oh okay and not that long ago a woman erm was making pancakes when she heard the church bell not wanting to when she heard the church bell yes and not wanting to be late she ran with the pancake and had her apron and that's why in they have a race and it means you must toss the pancake three times they
332. got pissed on a plane and chucked ice cubes at someone which one was he? gavin henson? he's a welsh rugby player he used to go out with charlotte church i mean charlotte church not tcharlotte church oh no the wales team but the that's the uh world championship team isn't it? he hasn't been playing in the wale in the wales national
333. chucked ice cubes at someone which one was he? gavin henson? he's a welsh rugby player he used to go out with charlotte church i mean charlotte church not tcharlotte church oh no the wales team but the that's the uh world championship team isn't it? he hasn't been playing in the wale in the wales national team recently oh why was he
337. everywhere there was like no power it was raining really really heavily spar when i was walking like sparks were flying off like things water was up to about here like everywhere mm and like loads of these church steeples cos there's loads of churches everywhere just like had fallen off and everything made me walk through this bloody thing i get to the school it's insane there's like no -
338. ' re isn't it? there's quite a lot of them osgodby solaby osmotherley osmotherley it has to do if if there's a church in the village oh is it? yeah it's like the catholics or something else i think a church or a hair brush? stop it the nobody else noti says anything does well he didn '
339. osmotherley osmotherley it has to do if if there's a church in the village oh is it? yeah it's like the catholics or something else i think a church or a hair brush? stop it the nobody else noti says anything does well he didn't when i last saw him he did not it was like twenty odd years ago everyone else yeah is over
352. ' t know i went to a catholic school and i didn't really meet much but no not not as such no you've got a temple i mean one side you've got a church the other it was fine mm yeah but that's how it should be yeah isn't it? it's fine we just we just get along yeah yeah mm not talking but we get along
354. do at? excuse me i i walked a bit further than and and just round the outside oh you know? and i went up the hill mm mm to to look across did you go to the church? i didn't go in the church cos i i have done the church in the past no there's enormous brass in there oh i didn't know that guess who's the
355. bit further than and and just round the outside oh you know? and i went up the hill mm mm to to look across did you go to the church? i didn't go in the church cos i i have done the church in the past no there's enormous brass in there oh i didn't know that guess who's the vicar at that church? i know what?
356. outside oh you know? and i went up the hill mm mm to to look across did you go to the church? i didn't go in the church cos i i have done the church in the past no there's enormous brass in there oh i didn't know that guess who's the vicar at that church? i know what? the present one? and there's
357. t go in the church cos i i have done the church in the past no there's enormous brass in there oh i didn't know that guess who's the vicar at that church? i know what? the present one? and there's just i will tell you potato as a clue oh yeah er couch potato have you seen her? i wasn't she there when we
363. five minutes okay keep going erm mm well just to say my father was the chaplain at barracks in oh well i'm blessed and he didn't have a he didn't have a church i mean he had to take his services in the naafi yeah which was quite interesting yes and erm but what they did was the royal engineers bought er built him a church oh how wonderful they
364. t have a church i mean he had to take his services in the naafi yeah which was quite interesting yes and erm but what they did was the royal engineers bought er built him a church oh how wonderful they built him a church and and it was won it was wonderful mm er and it was wonderful it but it was in an old a nissen hut yeah you know the black erm
365. to take his services in the naafi yeah which was quite interesting yes and erm but what they did was the royal engineers bought er built him a church oh how wonderful they built him a church and and it was won it was wonderful mm er and it was wonderful it but it was in an old a nissen hut yeah you know the black erm corrugated er iron yeah type huts and er
369. chinatown the third one wasn't er th er there was they were hanging about there at that time were they? yeah it's it's more likely used to be did you recognise that church? the church er yeah vaguely yeah the font was different it was in er the font was by the door comic sans was it changed to? mm did did you give any thought at all to christening
370. one wasn't er th er there was they were hanging about there at that time were they? yeah it's it's more likely used to be did you recognise that church? the church er yeah vaguely yeah the font was different it was in er the font was by the door comic sans was it changed to? mm did did you give any thought at all to christening dad? you
373. quality keyring is in the front door high quality gifts i've got my t - shirt on yeah with me as well have you? wasn't there a pen? yeah oh from the church we went to the church didn't we? yes a pen a pen and a book wasn't it from the church yeah yeah about the church cos it was was it a hundred years old
374. the front door high quality gifts i've got my t - shirt on yeah with me as well have you? wasn't there a pen? yeah oh from the church we went to the church didn't we? yes a pen a pen and a book wasn't it from the church yeah yeah about the church cos it was was it a hundred years old the church or something?
375. have you? wasn't there a pen? yeah oh from the church we went to the church didn't we? yes a pen a pen and a book wasn't it from the church yeah yeah about the church cos it was was it a hundred years old the church or something? a hundred years old yeah and it's quite a famous one and erm it's i
376. t there a pen? yeah oh from the church we went to the church didn't we? yes a pen a pen and a book wasn't it from the church yeah yeah about the church cos it was was it a hundred years old the church or something? a hundred years old yeah and it's quite a famous one and erm it's i'm right then isn
377. to the church didn't we? yes a pen a pen and a book wasn't it from the church yeah yeah about the church cos it was was it a hundred years old the church or something? a hundred years old yeah and it's quite a famous one and erm it's i'm right then isn't it? must be yeah it's got a
382. go home and get them but that'll be an advantage one day soon when he's you know i mean yesterday when after we we erm when we went to we we went into the church there yeah it's called it dates back to over a thousand years good grief yeah a thousand years yeah and it was erm because it was built on the site er of the original saxon church oh
383. church there yeah it's called it dates back to over a thousand years good grief yeah a thousand years yeah and it was erm because it was built on the site er of the original saxon church oh right and which was mentioned in the doomsday book good grief yeah and it's a lovely charismatic er church mm very very small and but there was some erm commemorative stones well gravestones
384. was erm because it was built on the site er of the original saxon church oh right and which was mentioned in the doomsday book good grief yeah and it's a lovely charismatic er church mm very very small and but there was some erm commemorative stones well gravestones i suppose cos they mm were for the person who was laid to rest here mm you know dating back hundreds of years
388. that that were played by this guy found on the internet erm he was us was a just check organist at york minster yeah mm and he erm he w played the organ in a little church parish church up in the country and so it suits a small church and he oh was started there the year i finished the job he was getting on a bit but erm he did one cd which is
389. were played by this guy found on the internet erm he was us was a just check organist at york minster yeah mm and he erm he w played the organ in a little church parish church up in the country and so it suits a small church and he oh was started there the year i finished the job he was getting on a bit but erm he did one cd which is popular hymns
398. bought a book oh what was it? open studio no? it well it er well it wasn't open studios it was open buildings which was but oh yeah yeah no no but it was a church you know they have they they use the church yeah yeah you know so the first one was a the second one was the print show i wanted to go to and he sat there he didn't go
399. studio no? it well it er well it wasn't open studios it was open buildings which was but oh yeah yeah no no but it was a church you know they have they they use the church yeah yeah you know so the first one was a the second one was the print show i wanted to go to and he sat there he didn't go round the print show i went round the church
400. yeah yeah you know so the first one was a the second one was the print show i wanted to go to and he sat there he didn't go round the print show i went round the church and had a look at the prints and then we walked back and just left him to go round to the open the car to open up and he fell over somehow oh bless him so anyway i stuck him
419. church just what and they're people who work in the church for the church in terms of making it as good as it can be inside okay yeah as well as we need people working in the church for the outside church as well as people who come to the church for the outside church yeah and people come f to the church for the church okay yeah yeah like the four different spheres oh that's
421. for the church in terms of making it as good as it can be inside okay yeah as well as we need people working in the church for the outside church as well as people who come to the church for the outside church yeah and people come f to the church for the church okay yeah yeah like the four different spheres oh that's cool and how obviously if you don't have outreach no one
427. to hear it as a model actually yeah yeah that's kinda cool yeah that's quite fun trying to figure out wait hang on where are we? are we in the church? out the church? coming to the church? going out the church? are you where do you where do you fit yourself? i fit so if i'm in the church cos obviously i'm doing the
439. in medieval times but then they were built on later so this is right just in a in a field kinda thing so i mean it's mostly lumps in the grass mm erm but the church is still you need a vivid imagination yeah erm the church is still a building albeit roofless it was used for quite a long time as a parish church mm mm after people had gone from the village
440. is right just in a in a field kinda thing so i mean it's mostly lumps in the grass mm erm but the church is still you need a vivid imagination yeah erm the church is still a building albeit roofless it was used for quite a long time as a parish church mm mm after people had gone from the village itself erm but it was excavated for quite a long something
441. in the grass mm erm but the church is still you need a vivid imagination yeah erm the church is still a building albeit roofless it was used for quite a long time as a parish church mm mm after people had gone from the village itself erm but it was excavated for quite a long something like between nineteen fifty - nine and nineteen ninety - nine you know i mean a really long period
458. is the ruins of the old chapels and oh you've put two together you haven't no that's one picture no so what is this bit? in it's front of the church? it's a graveyard in front of the church yeah but the no yeah the the the it's an old buildings it's like two there's an old there's an old
459. ve put two together you haven't no that's one picture no so what is this bit? in it's front of the church? it's a graveyard in front of the church yeah but the no yeah the the the it's an old buildings it's like two there's an old there's an old wall there yeah there's an old church wall an
460. the church yeah but the no yeah the the the it's an old buildings it's like two there's an old there's an old wall there yeah there's an old church wall an old church wall yeah right that's lovely what with the sky and yeah mm very dramatic that isn't it? yeah yeah i like that very nice so so that's that one
461. the no yeah the the the it's an old buildings it's like two there's an old there's an old wall there yeah there's an old church wall an old church wall yeah right that's lovely what with the sky and yeah mm very dramatic that isn't it? yeah yeah i like that very nice so so that's that one mm i mean that
463. to remember is that depending on what the picture is so a normal picture if i take just take a normal picture that hasn't had any enhancement that like let's take the church picture the church picture was nearly two meg and its resolution was two two thousand six hundred and eighty - eight by one thousand five hundred and twenty wow that's big that is innit? alright? focal length three
470. down here yeah it's nice isn't it? even though i don't really like churches there is something quite magical about graveyards i do like so maybe that's no this church is quite special yeah i prefer the outside to the inside all this wicker stuff all this wicker stuff makes it unusual yeah yeah god it's almost like a a tourist place people should come here
471. stuff makes it unusual yeah yeah god it's almost like a a tourist place people should come here to see the wicker art yeah it's pretty cool isn't it the wicker church rename the church like wicker huh or something i don't know ah i'm going to definitely take the camera down here next time definitely yeah yeah well it's definitely not a pagan
472. yeah yeah god it's almost like a a tourist place people should come here to see the wicker art yeah it's pretty cool isn't it the wicker church rename the church like wicker huh or something i don't know ah i'm going to definitely take the camera down here next time definitely yeah yeah well it's definitely not a pagan church though i mean
473. ##ame the church like wicker huh or something i don't know ah i'm going to definitely take the camera down here next time definitely yeah yeah well it's definitely not a pagan church though i mean look at all those christian symbols no yeah did the pagans have a church? no they didn't have churches they they praised the land no yeah exactly praised the land praised the water
474. going to definitely take the camera down here next time definitely yeah yeah well it's definitely not a pagan church though i mean look at all those christian symbols no yeah did the pagans have a church? no they didn't have churches they they praised the land no yeah exactly praised the land praised the water praised the sun praised love well it was nature wasn't it? nature yeah so they
475. no i i don't know where she lives somewhere in south london i think but no i mean getting to the choir oh? no we rehearse we rehearse at erm a church which is in village where she used to take her children to playgroup so she used to walk up there every morning with the kids to playgroup at this particular church so it's not very far
478. flat so they couldn't do that mm and i think they rented the village hall which is probably if it's attached to the church it'll be kind of next door cos the church is just over the wall stroke hedge from where they live because sometimes when i've been skyping the flipping bell's been ringing and he's had to shut the window cos we couldn
481. good artist mm also that church i think they have erm on a sunday it says they often have a sort of folk singing and all the rest of it croatian sort of singing and dancing outside the church so that might be a oh right nice might be interesting yeah definitely yeah it looked nice it looked like a nice town it had a couple of actual things going on there it seemed to have an old town
485. whether any fafafarms that are in my family's background and i found there are only four or five farms in the whole area we found them and in the church we went into the church which is a twelfth century church twelve thirteen century church by the river and there was the most extraordinary statement there my great grandfather was born in in eighteen twenty - one mm there's a huge gap in
486. that are in my family's background and i found there are only four or five farms in the whole area we found them and in the church we went into the church which is a twelfth century church twelve thirteen century church by the river and there was the most extraordinary statement there my great grandfather was born in in eighteen twenty - one mm there's a huge gap in in each generation in our family
487. family's background and i found there are only four or five farms in the whole area we found them and in the church we went into the church which is a twelfth century church twelve thirteen century church by the river and there was the most extraordinary statement there my great grandfather was born in in eighteen twenty - one mm there's a huge gap in in each generation in our family and in eighteen twenty
488. grandfather was born in in eighteen twenty - one mm there's a huge gap in in each generation in our family and in eighteen twenty - four when he was three years old the rector of that church who was a welsh chap who'd er got a degree from oxford mm had a visitor and this visitor was no lesser person than william wordsworth mm mm it says and wordsworth wrote a poem
490. ##m because of something they found in the church at i'm not supposed to say too much about it but it it's it's of great importance apparently erm when we open the church we've got to man it now it's got to be manned we can't open it and just leave it open right yeah erm so erm what one one of my thoughts were
493. there loos there now? no you go round the back of the church yeah well i don't think there should be loos you just wanna go and piddle round the back of the church do you? no you can't invite people to come expect people to come and visit the church if there's no loos in the area but there is in the in the hall isn '
495. there's the an the another thing is yeah but it's so ty historical type especially if they found something really unusual there mm that's that's they should they should keep the church as a historical building cos then you take out all the pews cos the everyone used to just stand in it and the vicar used to park his horse in it and oh and it had a
496. weren't buried in in in any caskets and the smell was awful that's the history that's the history so you keep improving it everyone that's been there has improved every church evolves with the people church is for people yes we don't own the church the church belongs to the village we just happen to be using it well i know that yeah and looking after it er
497. in any caskets and the smell was awful that's the history that's the history so you keep improving it everyone that's been there has improved every church evolves with the people church is for people yes we don't own the church the church belongs to the village we just happen to be using it well i know that yeah and looking after it erm but if that had er
498. s the history that's the history so you keep improving it everyone that's been there has improved every church evolves with the people church is for people yes we don't own the church the church belongs to the village we just happen to be using it well i know that yeah and looking after it erm but if that had erm that little kitchenette there so you can make cups
499. history that's the history so you keep improving it everyone that's been there has improved every church evolves with the people church is for people yes we don't own the church the church belongs to the village we just happen to be using it well i know that yeah and looking after it erm but if that had erm that little kitchenette there so you can make cups of tea
507. you seen what they've done right round the work they've put in? they thought it was going to be up for sale when we first came here mm? what the hall? the church the church did they? mm oh cos there was nobody using it yeah ah they thought it might go up for sale mm mm like lots of churches need lots of people lots of churches being sold aren
508. what they've done right round the work they've put in? they thought it was going to be up for sale when we first came here mm? what the hall? the church the church did they? mm oh cos there was nobody using it yeah ah they thought it might go up for sale mm mm like lots of churches need lots of people lots of churches being sold aren't
513. and there's someone's got work to do they could bring their work down with them and do it there in the church they can what? bring their work down and do it in the church i could yeah you see? if i've got some work to do i could fetch it down and sit there at the table there doing the work while i'm waiting to looking after the place
524. oh and that's erm between and erm mm mm oh er one hundred and forty - six is what? timber architecture trail of timber churches i think once you've seen one wooden church you've seen every wooden church one hundred and fifty - six is er renaissance residence perfectly preserved oh this is i think oh yeah is it sumptuous late renaissance magnet magnate residence from the turn of
525. between and erm mm mm oh er one hundred and forty - six is what? timber architecture trail of timber churches i think once you've seen one wooden church you've seen every wooden church one hundred and fifty - six is er renaissance residence perfectly preserved oh this is i think oh yeah is it sumptuous late renaissance magnet magnate residence from the turn of the sixteenth century right or would you
534. to to street halfway up that road ah right the parking gets better oh right okay that's good it's a residential road yes and it's before there's a very small catholic church on your left it's before that ah right okay right i'm sure i'll find it and if you've gone that far you can turn round at there's there's
543. so that was that erm all very amicable mm but it's a nice group isn't it? it is they're very friendly and my other interest of course is is the church oh right i'm i'm very active oh tell me about is it st george's? yes yes yes well erm i don't i i said i didn't want to
557. this village in in erm for some time and i'd been secretary of the pcc i'd done the gift returns i've been a bell ringer i've cleaned the church yes yes you've done a lot came to getting married and we went to see the vicar and he said well i'm afraid cos had been divorced before we couldn't do it oh
559. you you you don't really fit any of the criteria cos they were going through the criteria cos they were going through the questions like well are you catholic? no do you go to church? no yeah do you live within the catchment area? no no et cetera et cetera et cetera and he went on and on and on with all these different things as we were walking round
560. look really nice actually er well i i've you i'm it depends on which story when i was at school we listen we used to sing glorglorious st patrick in our church if you type in either into google you know do you have different wolves than we do? i dunno oh can't remember what the top ten questions are all are there wolves in ireland sharks in
574. of money yeah i know what sort of like copper heating tanks and stuff there are s but thieves like stealing erm like copper from railways right? yeah you yeah they steal it from churches as well church roofs and stuff yeah mm that's just weird why is copper on roofs? i don't know cos it goes green and it's funny yeah but's copper isn't it
587. was trying to explain that to er my colleague who thought that she was asking me whether i di whether i thought that maybe heaven might be the church now and i was like have you been to a church? yeah exactly i mean it would be i could kind of see her point if you really idolize the church community and failed to see any of the problems with it then you could be like well maybe
591. places we got lost er where what was the worst one we got lost on? well to me the the worst one was in snowdonia oh was it? oh we went to see this little church way up oh mm? yeah we did didn't we? supposed to be a famous little church way way in the wilds we didn't take a map with us no map? compass?
592. the worst one was in snowdonia oh was it? oh we went to see this little church way up oh mm? yeah we did didn't we? supposed to be a famous little church way way in the wilds we didn't take a map with us no map? compass? wwe we we did have a basic map we had a basic map compass? we got compasses yeah
594. a long trek so we knew were well we thought we knew where we were going well we knew where we were we had to look for this for this wall so what was this little in fact little church then? in fact we could mm? it was a church in the middle of nowhere yeah we just came across and what was special about it? well we wanted to just go and have a look at
595. where we were going well we knew where we were we had to look for this for this wall so what was this little in fact little church then? in fact we could mm? it was a church in the middle of nowhere yeah we just came across and what was special about it? well we wanted to just go and have a look at it well everyone said it's a wonderful little church go
596. church in the middle of nowhere yeah we just came across and what was special about it? well we wanted to just go and have a look at it well everyone said it's a wonderful little church go and see it oh right okay was it? yes it was well it was alright it was a rather nice little church but it was a church you know it was no different it was a nice little
597. and have a look at it well everyone said it's a wonderful little church go and see it oh right okay was it? yes it was well it was alright it was a rather nice little church but it was a church you know it was no different it was a nice little church yeah very tiny and very yeah it was nice and we got lost yeah coming back we could not find a way through
598. it well everyone said it's a wonderful little church go and see it oh right okay was it? yes it was well it was alright it was a rather nice little church but it was a church you know it was no different it was a nice little church yeah very tiny and very yeah it was nice and we got lost yeah coming back we could not find a way through the fence and this fence
599. and see it oh right okay was it? yes it was well it was alright it was a rather nice little church but it was a church you know it was no different it was a nice little church yeah very tiny and very yeah it was nice and we got lost yeah coming back we could not find a way through the fence and this fence we could see where we wanted to go or you could climb
601. ##d up waiting to get in no not quite were they? really hot well actually what what we did was we went all the way back to the church and there was this guy there painting painting the church mm like you know a a doing a painting of it right? well we went up to him and he say have you know do you know how which path we need to take? well well we knew
619. he was church warden see you see yeah and he may well have been up to wrong he did give the church he was a strange the fifty pound then did he? pardon? did he give the church the fifty pound? i think it was eighty but it's still was a stupid price yeah yeah er but what it if it elec old electric one yeah but fine but it was oak oak an
643. does it? oh as well so so then the graves will move up into that bit as well oh mm mm so there's still a lot of room there yeah yeah you were talking about our church though weren't you? no? no the church the oh i thought you were talking about church says that i think there's one there's one more row up next door yeah to the
644. will move up into that bit as well oh mm mm so there's still a lot of room there yeah yeah you were talking about our church though weren't you? no? no the church the oh i thought you were talking about church says that i think there's one there's one more row up next door yeah to the erm the hedge i think but it's slowly
645. mm mm so there's still a lot of room there yeah yeah you were talking about our church though weren't you? no? no the church the oh i thought you were talking about church says that i think there's one there's one more row up next door yeah to the erm the hedge i think but it's slowly people are bagging slots you see yeah and
647. i think i'm right when i say east it is well it's one way or the other but the church that where the altar's always at the east end yeah cos the church mm started off erm why the main body of the church is called the nave is because it was naval the ship oh right it was a ship you see and you you enter the ship from the bow
648. well it's one way or the other but the church that where the altar's always at the east end yeah cos the church mm started off erm why the main body of the church is called the nave is because it was naval the ship oh right it was a ship you see and you you enter the ship from the bow end yeah bit and so always the door is at the end
652. where the sun rises every morning yeah mm and comes in does it? so it's the bright it's the brightest bit of the church you gave me a lovely little book you know on church architecture oh yeah and it's really interesting that is it? the erm and iif you if you look at all the sites where churches are looking at looking at the whole land they own yeah
654. was considered you were very lowly if you got put there you see oh i see you couldn't go into that other bit and also if you'd and that's why that the church is placed there to the north side right and you have a big long path to get to the church normally it comes up from the south yeah and and that means that that if you if you're
655. t go into that other bit and also if you'd and that's why that the church is placed there to the north side right and you have a big long path to get to the church normally it comes up from the south yeah and and that means that that if you if you're favoured and you were along the side of the path everyone gets to remember you all the time as you
659. i hadn't been at the church for long there they said and we really want to thank erm and for the work that they're doing here cos they they've really that church is beautiful inside now yeah and they've all done it all properly the way it was done in the first place oh right all with lined mortars and stuff like that yeah and and er and once
663. just outside the army base it begins with an s? oh erm oh that's it i couldn't find the name erm she just lives in between and yeah erm and the church there has got the church hall so actually that would probably be the best because then the dogs aren't too far away she hasn't got to drive too far well get in touch with them then
664. it begins with an s? oh erm oh that's it i couldn't find the name erm she just lives in between and yeah erm and the church there has got the church hall so actually that would probably be the best because then the dogs aren't too far away she hasn't got to drive too far well get in touch with them then and find out what they
667. you go on holiday? well maybe but i don't even see them they don't come to church or anything now mm? i don't see them they don't come to church you don't see them? no no okay i thought you did i give them a card each christmas last christmas i didn't get a card oh i thought you saw them all the time no
671. is just over there look oh where is it? you can see it through the trees but there's no road i'm sure there was a different one right i want to get to that church it's like a secret church does it belong to somebody? it must belong to someone it must be in their land or something i don't know or maybe it's so secret that they
672. is it? you can see it through the trees but there's no road i'm sure there was a different one right i want to get to that church it's like a secret church does it belong to somebody? it must belong to someone it must be in their land or something i don't know or maybe it's so secret that they haven't built a road i
697. so don't walk around on your own yeah definitely go to you could go to the botanists there and you could there not really a stag do kind of place you could go to the church these are all terrible places to go on a stag do not been there with me the church the church is converted into a bar its really nice inside have you not been that's really nice you
698. ##s there and you could there not really a stag do kind of place you could go to the church these are all terrible places to go on a stag do not been there with me the church the church is converted into a bar its really nice inside have you not been that's really nice you should go there it's with your other man i went with dad an and then i went
699. and you could there not really a stag do kind of place you could go to the church these are all terrible places to go on a stag do not been there with me the church the church is converted into a bar its really nice inside have you not been that's really nice you should go there it's with your other man i went with dad an and then i went with but
701. thought you were with me one time maybe i have been you'd remember it cos it is a church that's now got a bar in the middle of it it still looks like a church it's got a bar in the middle of it yeah it still is a church it's just got a bar in it yeah must have been there dead awkward on sundays during mass yeah no er
702. ##s it is a church that's now got a bar in the middle of it it still looks like a church it's got a bar in the middle of it yeah it still is a church it's just got a bar in it yeah must have been there dead awkward on sundays during mass yeah no erm john will know what he's doing with it yeah or his brother well it
712. got bells in the church that work oh yeah and we just ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding do they? so what's going on with the church bells then? no they they get asked to go to churches or to halls where they haven't got bells oh to ring bells at the end of the wedding oh i see i see and he said
713. me how much an organ costs actually oh in america you pay thousands of pounds for an organist really there's none about now no yeah you can carry on going to play erm erm a church organ yeah they pay thousands for a wedding oh well there you go well nowadays it's two hundred pounds the speakers well there's two speakers there yes on the way well i've got one
722. so they were he was riding quite young yeah oh that's yes the that's the yes it'll come up as i say yes so that's and if you go to the church churchyard churchyard yeah mm when you go in on your right - hand side there's all there's masses of all buried there okay yeah wow so that's mm so that's when he
729. do you want to get married? have you have you actually started? in in hereford oh right this is the other thing though because my family are catholic and i really wanna get married in a catholic church but he just refuses really? he doesn't want to and i just think if i do want to get married soon i'm probably gonna have to back down on that cos i'm
731. m not going to convince him otherwise what is it you want about a catholic church marriage? just because i dunno it's more of childhood thing like i just wanted to get married in the church i've always gone to and i still go to when i go back to hereford and stuff and oh ah and it's a really lovely building and it's in a really ni nice part
733. i'm not religious but i wouldn't actually rule out getting married in a religious institution if it was gorgeous yeah well i think it's cos cos it's the catholic church oh right if it was church of england i don't think he'd have as many issues but he just he's like oh i don't like catholicism it's like a cult
734. i wouldn't actually rule out getting married in a religious institution if it was gorgeous yeah well i think it's cos cos it's the catholic church oh right if it was church of england i don't think he'd have as many issues but he just he's like oh i don't like catholicism it's like a cult so i think it's
740. all these problems come from yeah and then he had to sneak off and pee and then pee down some alleyway somewhere basically the the toilet at the church was through a gate down the side of the church which was padlocked so when i asked matey at the back of the church like is the toilet down the side? oh yeah it is down the side okay great went there and there was a
741. pee down some alleyway somewhere basically the the toilet at the church was through a gate down the side of the church which was padlocked so when i asked matey at the back of the church like is the toilet down the side? oh yeah it is down the side okay great went there and there was a padlock on it so did you go back and talk to him? or? no
744. visiting mm er over yes yes and then they had a picture of this big church that had been erm where the people of this local i dunno town had grouped gathered together and built a big church erm erm a christian church right erm and there was pictures of the congregation erm all h saying their prayers and everything like that mm and and and on one side the chinese are are being
745. then they had a picture of this big church that had been erm where the people of this local i dunno town had grouped gathered together and built a big church erm erm a christian church right erm and there was pictures of the congregation erm all h saying their prayers and everything like that mm and and and on one side the chinese are are being very supportive of erm different religions
754. ' s on your table is it? outside but when the church is open on this is something that we can use oh from now on you know it can sit in the church when people visit the church oh right and oh i see put money in there as well mm so that yeah i've i've got most of the bits i think for ththis oh great but it would just be
756. got things happening in the church on the sunday that this this chap gouliere or something or yeah he bern berna yeah de bernieres bernieres yeah de bernieres or something in the church well they like can you put didn't he do the a cd on the english patient didn't he? er? that i can do a well i can do a cd if i could play
759. i could drive in that general direction and or we could go i don't know how far away it is maybe it's quite far the place where when we went to the place with the church mm mm and there's like that town there's a bloody great church thing there that describes most of the towns in poland but i know i don't know whether that's the one
760. know how far away it is maybe it's quite far the place where when we went to the place with the church mm mm and there's like that town there's a bloody great church thing there that describes most of the towns in poland but i know i don't know whether that's the one and i said oh that this looks pretty and it's got a cute little
768. tour of the building er during the visit participants will have the opportunity to get familiar with the parliamentary democracy in montenegro through interactive methods then presentation and evaluation free in the afternoon day four visit of the catholic church discussion with people engaged in don bosko centre visit of an orthodox cathedral discussion with priest in cathedral er excursion visit the monastery out of city ostrog day five visit the madras muslim school and cultural centre
769. oh are they? oh my god are you making that up? ththey are? they're priests? oh i we i went to his mum's birthday what what? at the church what? that doesn't mean that she's a priest both of them are priests yeah oh okay i wouldn't be sur oh okay what church? no i wouldn't be surprised er
770. ' s birthday what what? at the church what? that doesn't mean that she's a priest both of them are priests yeah oh okay i wouldn't be sur oh okay what church? no i wouldn't be surprised er his so mum works at the one on er lane well what what type of church? oh what denomdenomination? should be catholic but i '
771. are priests yeah oh okay i wouldn't be sur oh okay what church? no i wouldn't be surprised er his so mum works at the one on er lane well what what type of church? oh what denomdenomination? should be catholic but i've a feeling it's not it's it's a black church but but black churches could be anything i know
772. on er lane well what what type of church? oh what denomdenomination? should be catholic but i've a feeling it's not it's it's a black church but but black churches could be anything i know but it's it's it's like i er i thought he was catholic and i assumed he was catholic and i asked him and he said
794. was wasn't she? she doesn't go into church any more yeah no she doesn't no it's interesting oh no no is it quite sad what's happened to the church really beg pardon? sad what's happened cos the churches are empty oh yes yeah you know just half a dozen well your mum's the most i might go when i'm a bit
809. been a grammar school it had been a secondary school that became mm comprehensive school erm and actually had the h er a it ssound awful to say the added burden of because it was erm church of england school associated with abbey it was always considered to be the caring school i see so we had we felt a rather unbalanced number of children that needed special care you know? oh okay right
812. ' t that the past manager? yes he was bent yeah but then the vicar was one of the vicars was mad one of the vicars is now a hermit in the official hermit at a church in or at least he was five years ago i am trying to track him down the other one is still a radical campaigning vicar in how weird i know one the one who was there when they got the
817. ##ey block of flats before but with this sort of white this white portico with doric on the front yes that's right yeah but there and then there's another church where actually the their church is like erm a sort of shortbread box for the building yeah that they've put inside it right it's a bit like us i suppose but there's one at like that yeah
831. together that's quite interesting it's so beautiful arabic i yeah i i was i excavated a site in southwestern turkey a long time ago now yes a long time ago and it was a byzantine church which dated to the sixth century mm and on the floor of the sanctuary there was a kufic arabic inscription and and they are this is one of the very few ininscriptions outside arabia mm
832. ##yad empire and he same around that coast in six seventy - two ad and he must have stopped in the harbour at knidos where where this was and written his name on the already destroyed byzantine church oh but the more important thing about yazid is what he did next you would hear about on the news every day of the week every day of the week it was he that er eight years later
834. ##r don't they make a row? they do their dog fights yeah fights up there don't they? er all the way round mm and then they then they they go from church to church apparently oh yeah? so they can actually fly fly below the radar mm and they come along wow they come past there don't they? yeah sometimes yeah and they go they go to the church and
835. church apparently oh yeah? so they can actually fly fly below the radar mm and they come along wow they come past there don't they? yeah sometimes yeah and they go they go to the church and then they veer of mm and they go to another church and then that then i expect they're all b well it's the one where they come yeah low and then they do a
836. radar mm and they come along wow they come past there don't they? yeah sometimes yeah and they go they go to the church and then they veer of mm and they go to another church and then that then i expect they're all b well it's the one where they come yeah low and then they do a steep climb yeah yeah mm putting the afterburners on cor
841. to check out each of our tenants could really pay yeah erm i think there was another church write help them look at their plans cos they had something like an after school club coming into their church hall and erm their grant from their local authority to pay for the it was gonna be paid for by the local authority the letting was gonna be completely covered right and so i said to the church hall
842. church hall and erm their grant from their local authority to pay for the it was gonna be paid for by the local authority the letting was gonna be completely covered right and so i said to the church hall committee whatever you do take the money in advance of their booking about three or four years later they came to me said we don't know what to do the arts school club owes us twenty -
846. in any other part of the building apart from the church space mm because you would still need to insure the whole thing mm and although erm our friend from thinks that perhaps the insurance on a church as part of the building might be cheaper than the insurance on the rest of it so why can't they have a discount on their the fact is it's er contribution towards the insurance? though
848. once a week or mm three times a week what is the average attendance? mm and what is the maximum attendance? mm like occasional yeah well when i was a vicar i had a hall below the church that was used by a pensioner project probably twice or three times a year they had three hundred people in mm they were allowed only because they had so many doors to be outside there wasn't really
857. project we must be a private company we can't be a charity because we're earning our own money that's to say erm but then you've got to set a no church er no i don't think so oh yes yes yes yes if you're earning money you've got to set a church you're not trading if you're letting space no and
858. erm but then you've got to set a no church er no i don't think so oh yes yes yes yes if you're earning money you've got to set a church you're not trading if you're letting space no and then and then other people come to me and say well you know of course it's not a charity how can you be a charity
860. we to make sure they understood the business of what yeah we're trying to do yeah but if the business of what we're trying to do failed then the whole building failed and yeah the church would be gone as well yeah erm well actually what was quite interesting there was somebody as well it's we were trying to do various things and move on and do extra and erm the council
873. there were some parents it was on the radio there were some parents that wrote into the school and said no our children will not be joining you on their trip to it was either a mosque or a church or a it didn't matter which cos they were total atheists they they just say their opinion was that it cau it's more trouble than it's worth it's caused
875. think it was out when we were there so that's why we went because it was like for one month the real shroud was there can be seen and it's only in this one church this really small church yeah not in the centre of town yeah and erm so we went and we're not fanatical so we had our doubts you know we were like what do you reckon
876. when we were there so that's why we went because it was like for one month the real shroud was there can be seen and it's only in this one church this really small church yeah not in the centre of town yeah and erm so we went and we're not fanatical so we had our doubts you know we were like what do you reckon? do you think
879. t go anywhere there isn't you can't i thought no but you can park in there can't you? well you could if you wanted did you examine behind the pub or the church? i examined behind the church right and there are four car park right car parking places are you going to get one of those? well i hope but if i don't i'm seeing your
880. t you can't i thought no but you can park in there can't you? well you could if you wanted did you examine behind the pub or the church? i examined behind the church right and there are four car park right car parking places are you going to get one of those? well i hope but if i don't i'm seeing your mum's not you know
884. was bsl where do you where do they do that? great erm where was she saying that they do it? opposite erm train station er in the church there on the roundabout oh that church yes i think they do it in there i don't know how much it is actually maybe i i will have a look now because i would quite like to go to that oh okay you'd
898. you were doing when you were a a young'un yeah er yeah i'd still prefer girls huh yeah it's the priests the horrible horrible priest it's not exactly painting the catholic church in a great light this film i don't know whether it's from personal experience uh creaky door are they looking for him? yeah they are look yeah so they're hiding oh
904. when we're out anyway so okay so i can't necessarily specifically remember okay so what's? tractor ah tractor wow something's happened it's not church er could it be church? there might be a service on easter saturday i don't really know it depends on like if you've done good friday and easter sunday you probably want the saturday off you'd be keen
913. have loads of gay friends and stuff erm the younger generation obviously more so but they'll be like oh erm i don't know if it's right they get married in a church i was like nan where does it say in the bible cos she's quite religious that they can't get married in a church? it's like well it doesn't but it
914. know if it's right they get married in a church i was like nan where does it say in the bible cos she's quite religious that they can't get married in a church? it's like well it doesn't but it's just not right i'm like but it is like they have every entitlement she's like they have every enti
922. thing yeah how come dad didn't take us? was dad doing something? he must have been doing something no he wasn't doing anything oh you you were t you were getting to the church with erm he was dad would have been doing som you were taking the car wi did take you? er yes yeah you were getting the car to the church for later the car to the church
923. t you were getting to the church with erm he was dad would have been doing som you were taking the car wi did take you? er yes yeah you were getting the car to the church for later the car to the church the yeah pick it up well so you leave it there so and decorating it with whatever had made yeah he was definitely doing something yeah he was doing that yeah co

