Cluster 1
1. and you sort of you dodon ' t have you you have from your parents when you go to university but you went when you were twenty - one i went when i was twenty - two so freedom to you is different what it is to an eighteen year old yeah whose never had freedom and whose never drunk eighteen i just thought about being able to go out and get fucked whenever you want yeah and not
2. you go to university but you went when you were twenty - one i went when i was twenty - two so freedom to you is different what it is to an eighteen year old yeah whose never had freedom and whose never drunk eighteen i just thought about being able to go out and get fucked whenever you want yeah and not have to answer to your parents yeah but you had that before you went to university yeah
5. extent trapped in one location like i ' m er missing the wonderful day by being inside an office yeah as in but i guess that ' s yeah i know i mean it ' s still far more freedom to get about than i ever would ' ve done sort of but the problem is i f i almost feel like i feel like i ' m not at uni doing work therefore i feel like it '
6. ##draft yeah is good in some ways but in other ways um it it does cost in interest so but it it does give it sort of does give you like perhaps um you know that sort of freedom and well uh yeah i mean like i remember i remember spending mine before i even went to uni if if you used it properly yeah you could uh i remember like buying stuff for uni out of
10. ' s how i i told you i done his bathroom yeah didn ' t i? his toilet and that and then put he ' s got his own washing machine so that give me little more yeah freedom in the kitchen and that cos i used to have all the paper everywhere didn ' t i? yeah course you did yeah the kitchen roll covering up everything but yeah he ' s alright but that just
14. i don ' t know he he took it begrudgingly as part time it ' s just for money i think really like parts of it are fairly interesting and i think he has lot of like freedom and control you know and like no one like telling him what to do and like turn the whole thing into a big ball park yeah ball pit ball pit man i saw this stastastatistic about
19. and so much about humanity i suppose or my perception of it in my little niches that i tuck myself into from time to time but mm mm mm mm i think it ' s part of that freedom and part of that being so open to everything and anything and stuff just flows in it ' s great yeah it is it really is and i d i ' ve never ticked the opt i ' ve never
25. here once how does she find it being back? yeah a bit stressful obviously yeah as i said just like being away from each other and living with family we ' re used to having our own freedom so you must god yeah you must feel a bit i mean can you imagine if you had to? what ' s it like at dinner? i bet it just little things like dinner time yeah just i
31. decisions you have used to having your parents making them for you as a child yeah but right i i i ' ve had this discussion with you before and yeah and you ' re like oh you get freedom yeah and i ' m like well i i don ' t feel restricted i ' ve never felt restricted i always feel like i ' ve had what the freedom to do whatever it is i want to yeah
33. then i ' m done for the day and you know i ' ve got planning to do but i can sit in my pants at home on the computer yeah and do it yeah so i like that freedom yeah and the responsibility i had i i had to to completely grade them i had to observe them i had to make up the exams for the classes i had to it was nice to have yeah i had
34. s the way i have to look at it with doing these care home jobs you know a a a job ' s a job and if it brings you in a bit more money and a bit more freedom you you ' ve just got to deal with it haven ' t you? until something better comes along yeah but i yeah i don ' t think i would work in mcdonald ' s though i wouldn '
35. in the war is that women stood in for the men at home so they did lots and lots of things that the men had always done and at the time women hadn ' t had a lot of freedom and they had a brilliant time actually and did lots of exciting things and worked in factories and farms and things like that and then when the men came back after the war and they all wanted their jobs back
36. to god i lose the will to live literally literally these three months of summer have been fucking painful i bet they have eespecially being away from it for a year and having your own freedom and being able to reply when you want and having no home phone must be amazing it ' s like because she can ' t call you when she wants it ' s like i st i still haven '
37. fucking like websites looking for like suits and shit tailored for me so i could like get a real job and shit like i can ' t believe i was doing that it ' s such a like yeah freedom for what you wear is important that was one of the fun things about fashion you could have a party at some places like oh yeah and it had normal people there too but like you were allowed to go
40. be very bright you know? yeah nobody notices you you ' re getting a first at but you maybe want to get two two at yeah but they ' re not challenging you but if there was that freedom mm you know in a in in a proper meritocracy then you would thrive otherwise it ' s going to go oh i ' ve got another two years at i know i ' m going to
43. know but the the point is that they invested in their people yeah by forcing them to work by controlling them by giving them hard hours i mean yeah i know but y you think about the amount of freedom they have now compared to fifty years ago yeah? that ' s yeah okay obviously they ' re still it ' s not perfect you still have a a communist regime and you can ' t talk out against
50. so much nicer when i was in a long distance relationship i was like what? with you? yeah exactly great i was like erm okay why is that? because he could have all the freedom that he wanted? yeah exactly great like they live him and his girlfriend live together yesterday he actually wrote that she was a mistake i ' m just your girlfriend why doesn ' t he just break up with
56. said no no we really like doing the workshops mm erm one guy said i don ' t usually like english but as you let you let us a lot of you let us have a lot of freedom and erm i was happy to you know i thought i thought that ' s what they needed to not to be sort of mithered too much they been wanted a lot of freedom it wouldn ' t
57. a lot of freedom and erm i was happy to you know i thought i thought that ' s what they needed to not to be sort of mithered too much they been wanted a lot of freedom it wouldn ' t work with them would it? no they ' d just rebel and i got really nice and the last after you left we went to the to the pub with some of them and i
65. croats serbs slovenians macedonians bosnians albanians and others behind his own brand of socialist rejecting both western style democracy and soviet style communism and by combining the methods of dictatorship and a large element of personal freedom find the toilet mum yeah i ' d try that way cos that way i yeah i will ta how much more have you got to tell us? is it boring? er slightly i ' ve done
69. or bbc or whatever yeah okay and now a lot of stars are are are are are em want in in hong kong wants to be eh on pay per series? right cos they want m more freedom? more freedom right cos obviously now yeah yeah a lot of them have gone to em have gone to china right really? yes they have cos they all get paid a lot more you know i
70. whatever yeah okay and now a lot of stars are are are are are em want in in hong kong wants to be eh on pay per series? right cos they want m more freedom? more freedom right cos obviously now yeah yeah a lot of them have gone to em have gone to china right really? yes they have cos they all get paid a lot more you know i don ' t
72. need to choose someone and do something bad to them the weakest link oh you choose dare i know no she ' s already had choice i ' ll choose i ' ll choose for give me the freedom democracy i wanted the freedom to choice i mean to choose you have to nothing with fire i don ' t like it no you have to i ' ve already sexy danced with the tree let ' s just
73. do something bad to them the weakest link oh you choose dare i know no she ' s already had choice i ' ll choose i ' ll choose for give me the freedom democracy i wanted the freedom to choice i mean to choose you have to nothing with fire i don ' t like it no you have to i ' ve already sexy danced with the tree let ' s just yeah that was let '
85. so it ' s seven keep your plate forty oh god we should go oh we can ' t can we? oh no we can ' t go anywhere no this is it we ' ve had our freedom and now we ' re bound to did i did we tell you that texas senate has now authorized carrying carrying guns on campus? the university can ' t stop it no but we got an email today and
92. cycling? maybe driving like you said and then like doing walking at different places you now you now you can do rented cars and drop them yeah the thing is with driving is i ' ve got my freedom more like i can just go do you know what? i ' m going off to the other side of the country today yeah i could just do a sort of like set off from not not decide where
94. nice apparently she like she ' s yeah she ' s alright with she ' s quite hard i think she ' s hard work on her husband mind don ' t think he gets a huge amount of freedom not like you do her husband is like terry waite yeah what? her husband is like terry waite what to look like him? does he? no like she really keeps him like does she?
95. t know or whether it ' ll be like a villa in portugal or something cos they have done that a couple of times well that would work for you cos you could have a bit of freedom then and yeah with your own car and you haven ' t yes got to go out at eight at night although portugal i don ' t think any of the restaurants open till seven thirty yeah but you were
101. ? and and okay i challenge you to try and get more money somewhere else to do that job having just left uni or or or or or ' s just a continued student that he likes the freedom when he was an undergrad cos he did a million different types of things and what he loves about being in this job now is he does a million different types of thing but he hasn ' t
103. in different way we ' re not running away from it but we ' re we ' re well no we just we ' re just exploring the we ' re exercising our free our freedom the thing our freedom and that ' s what ' s important so i don ' t erm i don ' t i don ' t hold him back for doing that if he doesn ' t want to be focused and fit

Cluster 2
0. landmarks oh yeah yeah and you would y you know you go to the grand bazaar which is interesting to have a look at but they whisk you through it yeah you don ' t have your freedom to go ba i don ' t like tours like that well i don ' t but but normally i don ' t but in a s in a place where you get constant hassle from the people yeah
3. ' m able to see my friends yay and like living with was always like it ' s nice and convenient and good price and stuff but it hasn ' t really been able to give you the freedom of living on your own no or having your own space well put it this way like you ' ve got a room but it ' s not the same happily mm? er there are ten people in the
12. that ' s right and the you know we were never never there and er no we were never home never home these days that just just doesn ' t happen at all there ' s not the same freedom of movement whatsoever we used to have me and and where they live they ' ve got this lovely house yes quite a lot of land is on the road you know oh right yeah absolute oh you know terrible
15. ##g are cos it ' s at mm yeah? what ' s happening in the changes in the health economy is foundation status for hospitals yeah as they get foundation status it gives yeah them far more freedom to behave like a private sector hospital yeah which is another reason that this ccg doesn ' t want them as part of their picture cos they ' re going to charge more money and do things right
16. marketing company right she was doing freelance work sorry they offered her a full - time job she ' s doing full - time over in but she doesn ' t like it oh she likes a bit more freedom and she likes serving coffee she loved the job in costa did she? so yeah so well when she worked with? yeah yeah gosh so she wants more flexibility so she wants to get lots of little
20. can pay us yeah yeah like an individual tutor yeah however we will teach and we can demonstrate that the learning will be a lot more individual - focused now you ' ve got to have people with the freedom of mind to connect with that idea yeah yeah yeah yeah and that ' s part of the problem because yeah they ' ve been institutionalised throughout generations and over lifetimes well no you just find a whole
21. look at the bigger wider context of you want to be trying to create a business where you have the flexibility to live where you need to live or where you want to live and operate that business with freedom of moving around from location to location right? so then you can maximise erm things like if you wanted to go and hang with your dad for three months you could go and do that wherever or
30. too late you ' re this is the best time of your life that starts now why is it the best time of my life? because you ' re still young but you should have a bit of freedom to make your own decisions you have used to having your parents making them for you as a child yeah but right i i i ' ve had this discussion with you before and yeah and you ' re like
32. and you ' re like oh you get freedom yeah and i ' m like well i i don ' t feel restricted i ' ve never felt restricted i always feel like i ' ve had what the freedom to do whatever it is i want to yeah but you came in and said oh when you were fifteen i ' m off tomorrow on a flight to the other side of the world no you can ' t
38. of this might not actually go into any particular growth but what it er provides is a short - term measure to bring a short short - term income minimum yeah yeah that er that also allows you the freedom and time to build the stuff that you need yeah but it ' s good for you to know whether you ' re on a if er y what what sort of trajectory are you on? if you '
47. don ' t feel you have to settle down anything like or do anything you just enjoy your life as it is i do i love it exactly yeah i love it so much i just have so much freedom you can spend time with people all that kind of stuff and friends and whatever but yeah take your time you just take your time don ' t you? exactly yeah also i am stuffed yeah i can '
48. to practise erm just all that kind of thing that she ' ll be able to then talk about in interviews erm and just have a go at doing i think is important having that freedom i have no idea what this song is erm it ' s probably from that running cd yeah i i i i can ' t remember what it was called it ' s got spanish in it is the
51. they were what it was actually like because it was such an male environment as well mm and they went to work and it was as if they had a different life there mm that they could have the freedom to do whatever they wanted and then they went home and they had their family life and it was very very two very separate things and their wives were not aware of involved or aware they were just like at
52. whether they come in february and whether they come for november i ' m surprised they want to come back in november yeah i ' m surprised they would be i think more fun central you get much more freedom a practical guide like you know yeah i think i think the order of fun camp is the real leader leader member leader cook oh you think the most fun is being a what? a leader leader oh really
54. write about what what all these five things? what was the impact of liberalisation and this kind of thing what er this liberalisation then it ' s maybe that means it ' s people having more freedom to do as they they want er and and you ' re interpreting that as as meaning through the through the law? but but but that ' s how having more freedom through the law? mrs interprets
55. it ' s people having more freedom to do as they they want er and and you ' re interpreting that as as meaning through the through the law? but but but that ' s how having more freedom through the law? mrs interprets it anyway well i ' m sure she ' s right it ' s just i don ' t think of it as like that myself mm okay right so are you gonna
59. going to be in a restaurant and he ' s going to tatake a picture when when he comes out whatever he ' s doing whoever he is with he was just doing it that bought him the freedom to act in the way that he wanted to do continuously you know that ' s and that ' s not well he can go out for meal with whoever he wants then mm he can go out for a
75. top with painting themselves orange with a pinky sort of lipstick shaved their eyebrows off and paint them in again very badly yeah you know yeah not good really not good but i suppose everybody should have the freedom to be and act and look mm hm mm hm as they want to without my judgment yeah but i i do think polish women to be far more attractive for doing far less cosmetically that ' s yeah
77. of sad old stick but she got married to him anyway and lots of people were very intrigued about why she ' d married i ' m what there could be between them but she had a lot of freedom as a married woman and did a lot of painting and became a painter in her own right so so possibly it it might have been a marriage of convenience i suppose but certain she had a lot of freedom
78. as a married woman and did a lot of painting and became a painter in her own right so so possibly it it might have been a marriage of convenience i suppose but certain she had a lot of freedom to be an artist and and how did you come by the connection with your house? well somebody er somebody who ' s related to both of them or a descendent of both of them wrote a book
90. to pull on and play with that ' s it wear a bobble hat for the next no i might get a wig or something or go bald shaving off my hair ' s giving me more freedom to do what i want with my hair and just buy like bright pink yeah wigs and stuff if i want to so that ' s your sponsorship money gone well no because mm that money ' s gonna
91. to erm amply serve his lifestyle so his idea for having a business partner was to increase his profit mm and to make the business more viable for him and more flexible mm and to have more freedom mm and to able to eventually withdraw himself from the business that ' s was his that ' s his like long - term plan you know? to set up a business that ' s kind of self -
93. about you when can i come and stay at your house for free? erm which brings us back to wales right now wales is an exciting house - sit could it totally fuck up my erm freedom to do whatever the hell i want whenever i want? or not for nine days it can ' t no also because it ' ll get to june and i ' ll go i haven ' t got any
96. to tten past eight oh wow early yeah yeah my train ' s not for another hour you can sit and er there ' s a i start unfortunately i ' m ah my i had much more freedom before i could come in and just go in straight out to site but um can ' t do that anymore no not really no do you start at half eight then well i start aat um as soon
98. get to know the community you become better known in the community you know more people there but you ' re there and that ' s it you know? erm you don ' t necessarily get the freedom to go and have a look around and look at other stuff and so who ' s a a not a role model but who ' s a model of what you ' re actually someone you older than you
99. to maximise their time these are normal third years students by the way and the shock is fuck off you get your first full time fucking job as a fucking ru grunt you don ' t have that freedom you don ' t have that liberty to think in the way that you think you ' ve got to stop thinking like that and you ' ve got to get with what everyone else is thinking which is get
100. do that mm well good on them all all all in the same fucking week good on them yeah good on them yeah but what then actually i think on another side is sure you might not have the freedom to do all of those things or operate in that manner when you ' re at work and you might have to sit in one bloody spot and suffer through it but i ' ll tell you what having those

Cluster 3
4. the bbc for age discrimination i was reading about this today yeah and that rowan atkinson wrote a letter to some news r radio chat mm show thing saying that this is disgusting and that it goes against artistic freedom yeah it ' s like no not sure it does because there ' s a difference between an employment contract and er yeah she ' s not a performer she was a presenter there is a difference yeah so she
11. never sat there we ' d have been like ah hang on a minute what the fuck? i want to have a look out the window and see you know? what ' s going on? yeah freedom of speech yeah i ' m on a boat that ' s going to sink i ' m not going to stay inside yeah but three hundred people three hundred children died whatever happened to those children that were abducted
22. dunno i said aha secretly i was i didn ' t tell them it might hurt them i said well four things would need to happen pollution would need to improve you need to have political reform freedom of speech and freedom of erm assembly whatever without those things i think i ' m gonna back i ' m afraid you can ' t get twitter or facebook or anything like that can you? no no
23. aha secretly i was i didn ' t tell them it might hurt them i said well four things would need to happen pollution would need to improve you need to have political reform freedom of speech and freedom of erm assembly whatever without those things i think i ' m gonna back i ' m afraid you can ' t get twitter or facebook or anything like that can you? no no it ' s crazy
26. everyone? ah did you get pause for thoughts done then? i ' ve done one and a half but i er know how to finish it off which topics are they? so they are erm freedom of speech glory erm beauty of nature and hope i ' ve done beauty of nature i ' ve just started writing hope right but i know how it ' s gonna go erm i have freedom of
27. freedom of speech glory erm beauty of nature and hope i ' ve done beauty of nature i ' ve just started writing hope right but i know how it ' s gonna go erm i have freedom of speech to do which which is gonna input in and glory i ' m gonna brainstorm it now cool i don ' t think you should write anything about freedom of speech for the beauty of nature were
28. s gonna go erm i have freedom of speech to do which which is gonna input in and glory i ' m gonna brainstorm it now cool i don ' t think you should write anything about freedom of speech for the beauty of nature were you inspired by the beautifully sunny day? and she kept going what bird can we hear singing? what what kind of plant is that? what kind of flower is
29. what? why are you laughing? the way you said monday as in it ' s as in it ' s fine like the hope thing just needs to be written i know what it ' s about freedom of speech there ' s hope erm and when are they gonna be erm broadcast? so monday the scripts are in because i just wanted to give them a week cos they take a bit of
39. year and going into second year mm mm mm or someone from sorry who ' s in the first year hasn ' t quite cut it is now going to or or mm yeah yeah there needs to be freedom of movement of yeah to to understand people mamatriculate mature and grow up and intellectually yeah can you imagine the academic establishment agreeing to that? actually yes in a certain way because if you were working
41. to get on a boat and like it ' s yeah er well no the agreement i ' m thinking of is one where european citizens they don ' t need a passport do do they? they have freedom of movement oh right yeah across borders but we didn ' t sign up to that we still so that ' s why when we went to italy we needed our passport yeah erm but other european countries going
42. ' m with in that this stuff has to b has to be stopped it ' s bullying and therefore it stops yeah it does untold damage although to be fair i ' m also with in that freedom of speech? it really doesn ' t matter yeah it ' s people being wooses or being incompetent with technology wwell no i don ' t think you should i mean you think about
46. cos he looked after him so in the scripts of the conference but he was from irani kurdistan yeah yeah and it was about yeah learning because he said the iranian constitution mm guarantees that kind of freedom so there ' s there should be no discrimination depending on what religion you have et cetera or what background yeah he said so that ' s in the constitution however if you then go by the curriculum the
58. the animals that ' s a one hundred percent why you are and should be a vegetarian yeah i wouldn ' t myself you wouldn ' t even if but i ' m also up i like agree in freedom of choice yeah in a way yeah no that makes sense that makes sense it ' s a personal personal choice do you wanna watch something? er er yes okay yes we could watch a curb your enthusiasm even
60. they use to show that sort of stuff? i think things sort of got more censored i suppose like nowadays uh you know there ' s there ' s there is a tendency towards more um freedom of speech freedom of broadcasting and that that kind of does lead i think to to the or a lowering of the standards yeah but that ' s a bit extreme i don ' t think you need to see
61. show that sort of stuff? i think things sort of got more censored i suppose like nowadays uh you know there ' s there ' s there is a tendency towards more um freedom of speech freedom of broadcasting and that that kind of does lead i think to to the or a lowering of the standards yeah but that ' s a bit extreme i don ' t think you need to see people hanging from
62. you ' re banning uh if you ' re in favour of banning the violence then you ' ll have to be in favour of banning nudity um nudity? you know w which they called uh freedom of expression or something form of expression but uh no i would say well the violence is is is worse than nudity surely some of them tom and jerry ones are classic though i don ' t mean the
63. are classic though i don ' t mean the violent ones like you you can ' t equate you can ' t equate as i think that cartoon was trying to do yeah you know freedom of expression nudity with with violence that that ' s stupid anyway that ' s that ' s yeah i feel like um i was just gonna tell you about my favourite tom and jerry c cartoon but then
74. quite a good technique and he knows what he ' s doing and stuff like that yeah but you ' re he seems to be lacking in any sort of er ideas really and you know any sort of freedom of expression yeah yeah which could be cos he ' s out of the army well that ' s right he he ' s too and the and the other bloke the er glaswegia
79. the case more for and i think it ' s probably more interesting anyway to make yeah making the case around like universal values and stuff yeah about why it ' s bad about around universal values so like freedom of speech er yeah erm i mean like it has a effect for everyone yeah but also and like governments the sort of ethics of a government like getting into yeah ideoideological battles yeah which is
83. integration and how joining the eu would be good or not lunch and then in the afternoon meet with volunteers in zid and walking tour true through old part of podgorica day two workshop on the freedom of journalism visit one newspaper or tv station in the afternoon interviews with some political analysis and journalists day three a democratic workshop topic on human rights introduction working in small groups planned visit of the guest we will do
86. is multicultural and there ' s an element of respect so like yeah it ' s it ' s always a line where who knows when you ' re going too far? but i agree but then people freedom of speech is like it ' s not freedom to offend people shshouldn ' t be well and how how the hell do you draw that line? so if i say like why people have
87. respect so like yeah it ' s it ' s always a line where who knows when you ' re going too far? but i agree but then people freedom of speech is like it ' s not freedom to offend people shshouldn ' t be well and how how the hell do you draw that line? so if i say like why people have like sort of you ' re not allowed to
88. re asking oh no i don ' t think i ' ve had that oh fuck i do not want to reset my password i just got used to the last one oh is now following you on facebook freedom for the thought that we hate this is what we have to guarantee what do you think? is that what? it ' s called a biography of the first amendment well that ' s what great united states
97. billion billionaire yeah erm but anyway i just wonder what sort of educational background he has and you ' d think that america being america though that they ' d cos they ' re all about the freedom of the individual and democracy and yeah mm you ' d think that they ' d have some system that wou prevent this yeah make it that it ' s not prerequisite yeah is that the right
102. running away from it in different way we ' re not running away from it but we ' re we ' re well no we just we ' re just exploring the we ' re exercising our free our freedom the thing our freedom and that ' s what ' s important so i don ' t erm i don ' t i don ' t hold him back for doing that if he doesn ' t want to

Cluster 4
7. that arnold schwarzenegger? that ' s convicts though and the idea it ' s i think the the prisons are overcrowded so they do this game and it ' s like whoever wins their freedom yeah and it ' s kind of the the last man standing have you ever seen rollerball with sam kane? again a similar a similar concept what a game that was can ' t believe that isn '
8. it was more of a slip of the tongue it wasn ' t anti french mm mm you know a sort of right political point yeah yeah it was just something about the food or something mm something silly freedom fries not french fries freedom fries yeah exactly but our special relationship dragged us into a war well david kelly you know er dr david kelly is another conspiracy theory yeah mm what happened to him? well it '
9. slip of the tongue it wasn ' t anti french mm mm you know a sort of right political point yeah yeah it was just something about the food or something mm something silly freedom fries not french fries freedom fries yeah exactly but our special relationship dragged us into a war well david kelly you know er dr david kelly is another conspiracy theory yeah mm what happened to him? well it ' s that one ' s
13. sorry? you ' re silly i ' m silly? would you like it though? no do you like going to work? no you wouldn ' t? no i would i ' d love it freedom you could go to the gym i wouldn ' t do that no? no you could dye your hair like me don ' t want to do that you could stay up late i don ' t wanna do
17. it for yourself to be your own man yyeah yeah and and it ' s it ' s not about proving anything it ' s simply a case of that the driver is i it ' s freedom related it ' s simply i want the choice to be able to make decisions that i want and that ' s what let ' s say democracy ' s about people would speak to be able to make the
18. need that the world was going sleeveless and i kept not cos i didn ' t like having flabby arms and then i thought you know what? you have arms yeah live with it freedom everybody has arms everyone has arms and it ' s nice to have arms and it ' s quite nice to have arms mm and you know this is what the clothes are like and you know if you like
24. ' t see them more often mm do you think they ' re still as close as they were or do you think they ' ve kind of well it as a summer it was the summer of like freedom really weren ' t it? yeah i think enjoyed it cos he had somebody to chill with you know like usually he ' s on his own cos ' s working and yeah i think you know
44. super what? superfood pasta yeah with chicken breast please oh you want chicken breast and not salmon don ' t put salmon in it what table are we? thirty - eight thirty - eight that freedom salad ' s alright isn ' t it? the what? the freedom salad ' s alright i don ' t know where that what ' s that? where erm what ' s i think that '
45. want chicken breast and not salmon don ' t put salmon in it what table are we? thirty - eight thirty - eight that freedom salad ' s alright isn ' t it? the what? the freedom salad ' s alright i don ' t know where that what ' s that? where erm what ' s i think that ' s turkish is it? it is oh he ' s pulled the bloody
49. don ' t know any flowers so i can ' t were there any flowers at camp? there weren ' t flowers in there there were flowers of american childhood do you want me to tell you about freedom flowers? mm better look it up well anything really i mean actually they ' re particularly interested in the way that young speak oh right okay well that was probably not a great example cos just me swearing
53. like yes i just love being home alone mm mm mm it sounds really strange doesn ' t it? but not but it like i think it ' s at feeling like feeling like a child again like freedom yeah it ' s just relaxing especially living with family and which is s is absolutely fine yeah erm but it is nice to cos i don ' t get the house to myself that often no i
64. videos not been made cos the videos in a way this is the narrative it ' s pushing the story forward ye yeah and er well you could put it in the context of the six degrees of freedom thing where you go i ' ll run a video from monday to saturday yeah? so you interview mm a person each day right six six times so that means the person at the end of the process has
66. no nobody evaluating you in any sense whatsoever that to me is is ridiculous absolutely ridiculous and the only reason it exists is because it ' s that easy to have a child so but also it ' s freedom isn ' t it? otherwise you ' re going back to china and er places like that where they you er er have they have rules that you can only have isn ' t it? isn ' t
67. into journalistic terms there that ' s what we ' d do we ' d try and er dramatic yeah like er all of my journalist friends all er all the time they ' re like terrorists or freedom fighters? huh choose your words carefully yeah and where did you meet? um we met it was funnily enough the l the last time er i c when i came back and i went it wasn
68. ? to swim with dolphins or to fly with the eagles? fly with the eagles oh swim with the dolphins fly with the eagles fly with the eagles yeah fly with the eagles yeah swim with the dolphins freedom definitely hands up who said who would say swim? er i don ' t know i ' m undecided probably could swim dolphins fly fly fly no she said hands up if you can swi if
71. didn ' t think of owning the suit mm was the first well you know the most important thing to wear now i want flared jeans and a flowery shirt want bells in my hair you know mm freedom man but you know it when cos when when we ' re travelling and stuff and everybody says oh well engl england ' s so great cos the government helps you with the benefits and you know
76. between i don ' t know what ages it was but er i was certainly eligible i was what twenty - two then maybe erm i was er yeah had to go and fight the the terrorists or freedom fighters depending which side you ' re on and er mm i lived in er a place er this widow ' s place and er we used to live in a well a place out the back mm er a
80. could think about moving moving out of the town i li i can i don ' t want to ha have people looking in my windows mm i like this it ' s almost like a bit of a freedom some people have to have netting on their windows or their curtains closed i don ' t like that mm yeah i like it here cos of that mm but then our landlady not pleased with her
81. i have ever met like she loves it we can ' t stand cars at all you ' re in you ' re in but i ' ve had people turn around to me and say but car is freedom and i feel like turning around and saying you have driven from work to home to work to home and maybe you go on a little detour every so often that ' s what we were saying we we
82. home and maybe you go on a little detour every so often that ' s what we were saying we we forty countries we ' ve joined erm the car club for example yeah that ' s freedom that ' s like the case of if we need to go out of town yeah we need to hire a car because we need you can ' t get there easily like you were saying how it ' s
84. or all female yeah yeah um so i don ' t really see the point of that but i suppose that it ' s so strict these days it ' s supposed to be like your last night of freedom isn ' t it? um but well that ' s the s that ' s the s that ' s s and like strippers and like inflatable body parts and just bad bad crack there '
89. to guarantee what do you think? is that what? it ' s called a biography of the first amendment well that ' s what great united states supreme court justice says you ' ve got to guarantee freedom if you ' re going to land of the free what? land of the free well it was the world ' s prison population and oh yes there were when they put the gun guns on campus law that
104. wow the peas have decided to escape the plate sorry the peas i am free i swear i heard them go run away put them on the plate no no no don ' t let me our bid for freedom is nearly complete ha ha oh no we ' re back on the plate put them that ' s really funny we need to get some little eyes like no i ' m not going in there no we don

