Cluster 1
1. bet they can you know i bet they actually can it's just too much hassle like you can refuel in the air can't you yeah yeah you can or you can get another plane to come up from somewhere but then from where? oh yeah that's true samoan islands not gonna have a lot of petrol um yeah i don't know it's very weird so considering
2. yeah that's right leave the next day at one thirty it's friday saturday yeah that's right yep i mean we're gonna be dead we'll sleep to death on the plane and we'll be yeah hungover to fuck but that's fine though isn't it you know that's the good thing about it bei that coming back on a saturday cos basically
3. you actually don't have to think of anything yeah they just herd you like cattle yeah i mean the downside obviously is that they herd you like cattle and um you have to get on the plane with the huh we went to this place once where was it? we went i remember we went somewhere on a said package mhm and what we used to do was because we went on holiday quite often
4. a couple of day of being tourists um cos obviously and i were still children mm and we got there and we got on er some type of easyjet flight and er some people got on the plane and instead of having l hand luggage tesco's carrier bags oh bless the s w oh bless the s got on the plane oh they had carrier bags oh fff that's gone wrong hasn
5. some type of easyjet flight and er some people got on the plane and instead of having l hand luggage tesco's carrier bags oh bless the s w oh bless the s got on the plane oh they had carrier bags oh fff that's gone wrong hasn't it really but i mean gone are the days where you could get a flight for two p and any old bloody man and
6. ##f that's gone wrong hasn't it really but i mean gone are the days where you could get a flight for two p and any old bloody man and his dog could get on the plane yeah in fact i actually did get a flight for two p to from stansted because they didn't charge you to pay on your car no did you just get charged to pay on your card?
7. ll go on standby just put me on a flight yeah how much do they go down by then if you go on standby? a few hundred quid oh cos they wanna fill the plane so they'll put you on rather than put nobody on yeah well that's good then you i think you could probably talk them down when er actually before i was with him and his then girlfriend
11. s relatives relatives in america first but hates flying she doesn't go anywhere she never flies is that why the kids are cos sometimes you said that was the first time would have been on a plane? well yeah they they don't go abroad i mean they went to where was that holiday they had? holland? they got a boat and then they turned around the minute they got to holland and
12. i remember that that was the holiday she doesn't go anywhere and now she is so i don't know it will be the fir i don't think the others have been on a plane yeah so's coming with and? are you around or not? no are you at work? she's working i'll ask oh there there's your answer to that question and i
13. parents had separated and my dad wasn't used to being on his own home alone and i got back after three months after a month of travelling and after thirty hours i was like literally on the plane on the plane on the plane on the plane and i didn't even ask him to come and get me was in cos i flew into gatwick and i just managed to get myself through
14. and my dad wasn't used to being on his own home alone and i got back after three months after a month of travelling and after thirty hours i was like literally on the plane on the plane on the plane on the plane and i didn't even ask him to come and get me was in cos i flew into gatwick and i just managed to get myself through london and home
15. wasn't used to being on his own home alone and i got back after three months after a month of travelling and after thirty hours i was like literally on the plane on the plane on the plane on the plane and i didn't even ask him to come and get me was in cos i flew into gatwick and i just managed to get myself through london and home to my front
16. used to being on his own home alone and i got back after three months after a month of travelling and after thirty hours i was like literally on the plane on the plane on the plane on the plane and i didn't even ask him to come and get me was in cos i flew into gatwick and i just managed to get myself through london and home to my front door didn '
17. to turn the wireless and i didn't wanna keep using it why? that's not the only way to turn the wireless off i know i'll just pretend i'm on a plane well it seemed it seemed logical to me at the time flight mode is on right e ooh what does that mean? right fine there we go there's some signal now maybe we'll be
18. so smart and courteous and everything like that yes yes yes oh isn't that lovely? and i thought oh this is really you know yes the singapore people you get someone meets you at the plane door oh right okay and immediately greets you oh welcome mr oh right right oh right yeah you know how they know i don't know but they work it out somehow oh yeah they've got
19. ask you something and i know has travelled all over the world and things and he says that i won't get anywhere with this but do you think i could ask for a special diet on the plane? well they do ask for er well you could ask i mean there's no harm in asking and and erm i i you know i i i my there is er usually on the form somewhere
20. ##or but there was there was whisky there was brandy there was wine you could you could be absolutely sozzled yeah i i was yeah and then they and they don't like people going on the plane drunk yeah i know i it's crazy but but but having said that they had the nicest coffee so we had a lovely coffee a nice meal and we could watch the planes land and take off
21. because they say dehydration and all that sort of thing so yeah oh yeah yeah yeah yeah absolutely i would i i will never i always used to have a nice glass of wine on the plane i'll never drink on a plane again which is terribly sad but mm mm yeah i know but the point is of course if you're if you're in a nice lounge it's
22. all that sort of thing so yeah oh yeah yeah yeah yeah absolutely i would i i will never i always used to have a nice glass of wine on the plane i'll never drink on a plane again which is terribly sad but mm mm yeah i know but the point is of course if you're if you're in a nice lounge it's worth getting what food you can yeah yeah
23. yeah i know but the point is of course if you're if you're in a nice lounge it's worth getting what food you can yeah yeah because of course the food on the plane may not be that brilliant yeah that that yeah yeah yeah and very often in business class you get served some very good food mm but it's quite small yeah yeah yeah yeah you know you actually end
24. but it's quite small yeah yeah yeah yeah you know you actually end up being quite hungry yeah yeah so we the thi yeah the thing is what you've got to do on a plane is to look after your body that's the most important thing you've got to do yeah yeah yeah well and the only way you can do that is to drink as much water as possible yeah
25. ' t think i want to i i can understand it pressure drops to about a third of the normal atmosphere mm and you really some people suffer quite bad i i i often get headaches on the plane because of that mm mm well it affects my sinuses i mean we we went to and i went to once and i just had the most dreadful cold hadn't i? it it hadn't
27. it shit oh what the fuck are you doing? look at a specific point we at the horizon and just just look at that me me me and are gonna be there for you in the in the plane on montenegro right? just yeah well look at a point and then don't don't not look at it i don't think it's like on planes it's just like buses
28. ll we'll start off next week that's the plan so what day do you go? i don't know what he's going to arrange whether are you getting the tr the plane? or we might drive i think he says oh is he back here now is he? who knows where he is? i don't know where he is erm you driving up is fine but
29. well cos they were up at like did he? oh the flight was something like five in the morning so but apparently he slept on the way to the airport he he did really well in the plane really fine of course there's enough of is your mum gone? no and the baby oh cos i'm sure said to me six adults and and i thought oh maybe your mum's
30. ' s funny isn't it? that you know as globalisation becomes more and more the case that you know? you can even if you're just an ordinary person yeah get on a plane and go virtually anywhere yeah and you know? you've you've you get this same stuff everywhere you go you know? yeah you get an american airlines thing erm airplane find out you '
31. so by this point for the sake of so what will you do at the airport? well it is just an hour change over so just eat so i just ate a burger and got back on the plane oh now we'd had the as you're changing time zones you need to try and sleep but i was wrong was it better than the flight to america? erm yeah was it a patch
32. ##m so we went because you know in yeah and we just didn't want to i'm didn't get much sleep no cos they're so like stuffed for space on a plane but whereas on a train there's plenty of room yeah but erm you get like a proper bed and mm erm and then we arrived in shanghai in about seven hours and when we off the
33. know to come out and go on a day when you know if you think like mid - week and it's not going to be very busy and they're gonna have empty seats on the plane but you'd have to be prepared to go there every day you know on the off - chance of on the off - chance of getting yeah i mean that's that's quite a risk
34. ' ve got lights all year round huh a few countries actually there are lights but i i just remember flying into at christmas time yeah when the air was so fresh and you could look down from the plane and everything was sparkling oh it was it's so exciting we'll have to do a christmas going home again it is nice isn't it? one day s yeah well not this christmas maybe
35. ll give them a call mhm and find out they're just being it's really rude it is rude of them yeah i mean i mean they could say yeah we want you on a plane in two days should have been at work he should've been at work mhm the last two days mhm i mean i know it's the weekend for us but it's not for
37. to be in the air for about twenty - four hours won't you? oh that's alright not necessary it's fine i i don't mind once i'm on the plane you know? i switch off and i just sit there you know? back up again mm mm ah is the airport? do you want a cuddle with? it's not oh ah hello mm
38. no gel left see? gone all fluffy pops oh no you didn't bring your putty? i've run out i went excessive on monday couldn't take much back on the old plane'll bring yeah yeah no it's not something i've got sort of it's a very specific brand and type of model he's probably alright to use whatever until well mm in
39. ' m on the wrong flight oh no no no i'm going to new zealand and he was like er this is the new zealand flight rah rah rah it's the same plane and you just um yeah you're just having a little hour off let you off yeah let some people off here the dubai stop - over was the worst though yeah have you flown to dubai? no
40. with a bang and everyone got off and i assume wanted to kiss the tarmac which is what i wanted to do oh god and then they're like yeah two hours and then back on the plane yeah whoo whoo and everyone was like no that was bad and then i think it was twelve hours from there to au er melbourne oh my goodness yeah but then you get to go to er amazing
44. go for? four days oh it was a quick quick trip it was a very quick trip um we left we drove to heathrow on like a thursday night and then and then we took a f plane at like six in the morning on a friday arrived there at ten or something and then on the way back we were exceptionally stupid we our flight was at eight p m from morocco and we arrived here at
45. which is me getting way ahead of myself of course but i don't wanna have a child and be away from my mum mm and not only be away but be an ocean a thirteen - hour plane ride away exactly it is so far isn't it it's really far and i don't think that his family are gonna really be that involved in our lives mhm so i just i
52. the towns were just literally going off i've got a five inch screen so it's just they were just literally just moving like that and you're allowed to have this on on the plane? yes are you? yeah now they the the all the technology all they've got to do is put things it says you can use your phones and that just put them in flight mode yeah so
53. d tried the year before and i i i thought i'll give it another go erm and erm what i done was i'd actually locked up before i'd got on the plane i went in the plane you know and we were by the window so i could get it so that was mm that's nice that was actually quite interesting because but was going ooh it'll
54. and i i i thought i'll give it another go erm and erm what i done was i'd actually locked up before i'd got on the plane i went in the plane you know and we were by the window so i could get it so that was mm that's nice that was actually quite interesting because but was going ooh it'll break i said the plane
55. you know and we were by the window so i could get it so that was mm that's nice that was actually quite interesting because but was going ooh it'll break i said the plane could go twenty thousand miles an hour it's digital you see it's not mechanical yes for god's sake she's thinking it's going to yeah yeah the cogs it '
56. i of course cos i've been on holiday i've not told you and then started a group chat on the whatsapp with oh okay me yeah and when i got off the plane i saw this chat mm it had just started up and they'd and had obviously been chatting yeah all day followed by well i dunno where the girls are probably on holiday again had said and then
64. shall i read it out? well yeah go on okay have you heard about bob and angel in training? yeah i heard they're awesome if that's true then why are we on a plane? er on the ground yeah blast yahoo ooph where am i? i'm lucy agent in training ah? and where are we? in here cheese why are they thinking about cheese? no
65. and be like your baby is fucking horrible it's not cute anyway and then so we had to change in no cos we were going to so i had to fly to and then get a plane to then that leg i sat next to this girl that puked up the entire journey oh man that's bad once this is actually the worse i still have now comprehension how this happened i was getting
66. that leg i sat next to this girl that puked up the entire journey oh man that's bad once this is actually the worse i still have now comprehension how this happened i was getting a plane to i don't know how the plane took off but there was too many people on the plane and there wasn't enough seats and i was sat next to this woman honestly there was this guy
67. puked up the entire journey oh man that's bad once this is actually the worse i still have now comprehension how this happened i was getting a plane to i don't know how the plane took off but there was too many people on the plane and there wasn't enough seats and i was sat next to this woman honestly there was this guy that was stood up for the whole journey and
68. bad once this is actually the worse i still have now comprehension how this happened i was getting a plane to i don't know how the plane took off but there was too many people on the plane and there wasn't enough seats and i was sat next to this woman honestly there was this guy that was stood up for the whole journey and we had to like he like i don't have
69. un she was uncomfortable with me like trying to s like i'm not trying to stare at your like baby sucking on your tit love so then i had to oh that was a really bad plane experience but the worst one of all time is i was going to and there was just this old woman sat behind me that couldn't work the tv and just was like yeah that's jamming
70. don't touch yourself that hard do you not poke poke not the did you why did you say anything to her? no i just kept looking at her you got to say something on planes oh plane journeys are always terrible i hate i hate it i think they're funny man i used to love them but now that's the best bit man i used to love it cos it's
71. time was fine i think yeah it was fine especially when they were i never had i never had like do you know actually the worst ever the worst ever i'd been to i was on this plane i don't there was like quite a like well to do couple that i was like sat next to and she was kind of like a like buxom home counties like lady and i feel asleep
72. back asleep and woke up again in the same i did that on the way to i don't know about dribbling but when i was with just like of passed out a bit on the plane and like some businesswoman i'd been up all night and really like high some stranger taking me to the wo the worst is just get yeah i always wake myself up by snoring on planes
75. all night getting like trekking from luton to heathrow and i'd come from and i'd already been up for like a while at like parties and stuff and then i got on the plane to and i passed out straightaway and i was in the middle of the middle surrounded by a family of obese people and like i was woke up and i didn't have any hand luggage or
76. or anything and i couldn't they were so fat i could literally not like couldn't get the attention of anybody you were blocked in and i didn't there was no tv on the plane there all the magazines were in spanish i didn't have a phone i didn't know what time it was but i didn't know how long i'd been on the flight or anything
77. i was like had nothing to do i didn't know how long it was going to go on for and i was just stuck there between all these fat people like staring at the back of a plane seat like doesn't that sound bad to you? yeah that sounds awful yeah that sounds pretty bad i had one that was really bad but it was kind of lolzy after a while i had
78. like immediately got out this massive like m and s like bag stuffed with food and i was like oh sweet they bought food for their whole trip it was like no man they ate it all on the plane it was they were snacking like heaps heaps heaps it was so gross they kept offering me it was like no no no thank you cheesy dizzles for me cheesy
79. just like i know right? after a while i was just like yeah man good sc good go score yeah you got really good points i went i went on a quite bad one to actually because the plane got delayed by about four hours when it everyone was already in the gate when it happened the plane got hit by lightning so obviously everybody started tucking into their duty free booze by the ti like within like
80. score yeah you got really good points i went i went on a quite bad one to actually because the plane got delayed by about four hours when it everyone was already in the gate when it happened the plane got hit by lightning so obviously everybody started tucking into their duty free booze by the ti like within like an hour people were like smoking in the gate they had to send like armed police to like supervise
81. free booze by the ti like within like an hour people were like smoking in the gate they had to send like armed police to like supervise no way and like by the time we got on the plane people could barely walk like half the people on the flight were like wasted and then they're like just typical like that like when air hostess is doing their like secu the like how to put on
82. like in front of me and em that thing happens which always happens in cartoons where the like air hostess goes on the voice on the voice over and she's like is there a doctor on the plane? is there a doctor on the plane? i've been on a plane where that happened i have plane as well yeah so then this guy is like er i'm a doctor and like she
83. thing happens which always happens in cartoons where the like air hostess goes on the voice on the voice over and she's like is there a doctor on the plane? is there a doctor on the plane? i've been on a plane where that happened i have plane as well yeah so then this guy is like er i'm a doctor and like she's like are you? and is
84. the like air hostess goes on the voice on the voice over and she's like is there a doctor on the plane? is there a doctor on the plane? i've been on a plane where that happened i have plane as well yeah so then this guy is like er i'm a doctor and like she's like are you? and is like goes over like i couldn't
86. t see exactly what was happening but like he like leans over he's like there for a while and then he goes back to his seat and then she goes to is there another doctor on the plane? and some guy is like yeah i'm a doctor it was funny he was able to help yeah i might next time someone asks that like me are there any more doctors on the plane? doctor
87. the plane? and some guy is like yeah i'm a doctor it was funny he was able to help yeah i might next time someone asks that like me are there any more doctors on the plane? doctor of philosophy yeah did you did you see that derren brown when he like there was this guy that was terrified of flying and he like it was over a really long period of time and then
88. when he like there was this guy that was terrified of flying and he like it was over a really long period of time and then he like hypnotised him and then he got on the plane and they faked like an emergency on the plane and they hypnotised him not to knocked him out and put him in a flight simulator and he had to like land the plane it was really
89. of flying and he like it was over a really long period of time and then he like hypnotised him and then he got on the plane and they faked like an emergency on the plane and they hypnotised him not to knocked him out and put him in a flight simulator and he had to like land the plane it was really amazing like so they like hypnotised him
92. really amazing like so they like hypnotised him and then like they're like we need someone to like la to land the plane the pilot has died or whatever and no one on the plane volunteered so it got to the point at which he was like i'm gonna have to do it cos everyone on the plane was actors but it was like a real flight and then they hyp
93. the plane the pilot has died or whatever and no one on the plane volunteered so it got to the point at which he was like i'm gonna have to do it cos everyone on the plane was actors but it was like a real flight and then they hypnotised him knocked him out put him in a flight simulator so he genuinely thought he was in a a cockpit and like landed the
95. ' t to do with like to overcome his fear of flying probably just make it worse it was just like a tv show that's crazy have you ever thought you were going to die on a plane? no er a couple of times i've been like er you can you know when it gets like real and you can erm imagine i've been yeah i've never like really thought
96. ##m when justin bieber took his private jet to the super bowl his pilots had to get their oxygen masks to come down cos of the when they were flying so they could weed smoke on the plane jb jb now now he can drink legally it's gonna be crazy when can you drink legally in like i can drink in in the next couple of months oh man it was so funny when
97. don't they? mm when you've been through all the the gamblers and the mm this train don't carry no catholics mm that's cos the catholics all went by plane the what's the other one you do? loads the one when he walks i don't john the revelator john the revelator john the revelator who's that talking
98. absolutely not so he's changed two lights for me he has done electrical work the gate he bought for the thing erm it is a bit of a squeeze you know mm whereas he gets his plane out and yes yes yes yes yes makes this wonderful thing you know and he's just a little bit more just a little bit more that's right that's right and he even told me
102. ? are you thinking of going? i'm just saying maybe wouldn't be able to afford to possibly i'll come'll go and see you well you wouldn't do the plane flight would you? wouldn't you? i'd have to why? don't you like flying? don't mind it but i w don't want to be on a plane
103. flight would you? wouldn't you? i'd have to why? don't you like flying? don't mind it but i w don't want to be on a plane that long i don't think no it's difficult because i don't like using the toilets no you say that but you've been in a car to for like six hours before yes
104. t i don't think didn't think you were frightened mm mm i'm not i don't mind but it's such a long time since i've been on a plane really and just think that's true it's all the hassle that goes with it it's getting through customs it's not that difficult really nowadays i don't think mm i
105. it i'd downloaded it to like the iplayer i know but it works thing if your ip so it i think it does now yeah right s so even yeah but i watched something on the plane that you'd downloaded do you remember when i was going what did you watched erm oh you know that the new the bloke who's rumoured to be james bond? yes tom
116. - blah - blah - blah - blah - blah mm and so people and if you go to get this international feel for it so planes mm that's what kids get on these days buy er plane tickets and they go somewhere mm mm yeah so i'm thinking airline carrier oh as an affiliate? mm well could be that's one one option yeah of the myriad sector you could choose well i
117. little bit difficult yeah more difficult than just going home isn't it really? like the flat like yeah oh boy sell the furniture like what the fuck? she can't take that on the plane with her pack it on i would be fuming if i was her absolutely fuming i'm just gonna get my phone really quick cos my battery's okay then i'll be back
118. pounds if you had ten thousand pounds would you? i'd go now i would get my passport you would go yeah it's just a question of funds i would just get on the first plane i would er drive to stanstead now in olive and i would get on the first flight yeah because really it's only money yeah and that's what stopping me like if you know if i
119. ? yeah we're just we are really really different and right over a long period of time we would really grate on each other i think even after like the first day like being on a plane with each other for twelve hours i think would be a bit taxing whereas with some people you know you can just rub along with quite nicely mm erm but that might tie in cos her flight
120. but i did te i did say well it is quite a long journey with a baby but she's not a baby any more four years old mm's four she can handle sitting on a plane yeah think four it's alright to travel yeah yeah and's fine to travel buy them a hot chocolate i think it's when you get to two two till four probably the hardest ages yeah
121. it's when you get to two two till four probably the hardest ages yeah you get through it though like erm yeah survive the end of the day nothing major's gonna go on a plane is there like? no boeing what well it's just the ears some of the other passengers get annoyed with you worried about her ears she's been whacking her ears on that thing what
122. i had no doubt that they would recognise me nor would i recognise any of them yeah and we went together didn't we? yes yes two thousand and ten mm and erm i on the plane i didn't i the the the london thing of course you have a british passport they give you a thing to fill out fill out and i filled it out but i didn't fill out where
123. when when are you going when you get where did they? yes they wanted a yes we didn't have to fill in a landing yes we did we didn't fill it in on the plane cos you thought we wouldn't have to and then we have to fill it in on the oh yes arrivals hall yes yeah because they make everybody who's arriving fill it in because the other
125. at la ah and then you have to put it back on oh right okay it's your responsibility yeah yeah and you have forty minutes to do this in oh god when we came out of the plane we were briefed on the plane yeah right they said you have to anybody who's making this transfer you need to follow us we will take you to this you do this yeah and then you have
126. to put it back on oh right okay it's your responsibility yeah yeah and you have forty minutes to do this in oh god when we came out of the plane we were briefed on the plane yeah right they said you have to anybody who's making this transfer you need to follow us we will take you to this you do this yeah and then you have to go back through and then we
127. you need to follow us we will take you to this you do this yeah and then you have to go back through and then we'll find you on the other side and take you to the plane right cos there's a really quick cha yeah turnaround yeah yeah so they had any yeah an escort a representative yeah you know yeah thank god they did yeah because er i go through diddle
128. oh right yeah oh dear but she looks cheerful enough anyway mm but yeah she said oh no no wwe're not right she said we're very concerned where er the seats we get on the plane are we gonna be close enough to the toilet? i went oh no horrendous yeah is it direct back from yeah well bangkok? it's taken them two flights to get there so it
129. the morning but it'll be like midday for them won't it? so oh well she'll be hungry perhaps during it but anyway she's either er gotta overcome that fear of plane food what started her off with that? i don't even know if there was a reason why she doesn't like eating on a plane erm i think it goes back to general lack er
130. she's either er gotta overcome that fear of plane food what started her off with that? i don't even know if there was a reason why she doesn't like eating on a plane erm i think it goes back to general lack er lack of eating anyway i think doesn't it? when she was dunno mm and nnot liking the plane food well no i dunno
131. t like eating on a plane erm i think it goes back to general lack er lack of eating anyway i think doesn't it? when she was dunno mm and nnot liking the plane food well no i dunno no nor me i think it was just mm i suppose when we used to take them when they were little were they still doing meals as standard on planes then? well quite
132. dunno i think it's improved er but it wasn't well they always used to be er they're alright but she just gets upset at the smell of anybody eating food on a plane yeah yes drives her a bit mad yeah think they were very nice when we first went anyway in a minute i'm gonna watch that erm sarah lancashire programme that was on earlier in the week do
133. like a long weekend and but then you think yeah that's er you know probably take your flight to take lo a long time to get i dunno how far it would be on should the plane to er to poland i don't think it would be very far it's only about two hours took us i went to turkey in june and it only took uhu three and a half hours
134. it had been everything would've been alright well no but i wouldn't want to end up killing children fair enough yeah you saw some of the little ones when they're sitting on the plane going there and so their feet didn't the gr floor and you just thought oh my god pff you know but that's the thing i think it's a children's book co
135. thought somewhere where it's gonna be warm and we've done san francisco and los angeles and so new orleans is somewhere we have always thought we'd like to go mm and then the plane stops over in dallas whether we like it or not and went to dallas earlier this year she went to texas for a week fortnight er cos one of her very good friends on her ma course is
136. ##s one of her very good friends on her ma course is from texas oh right and she went to visit and she was very taken with dallas said it was really nice so we thought well if the plane's gonna stop there anyway yeah so we might as well have a couple of days could be brilliant yeah good idea two nights or something might only be one night actually mm cos it lands early in
137. s going on? you need to have tea instead of wine mum we have been walking around in the rain all day that's not good for colds either yeah that's true printing my plane ticket so are you off tomorrow? i'm off tomorrow oh oh are you flying tomorrow just to add to the things to do yes i'm flying at nine thirty pm from from really oddly as
138. ' s bags for free oh jols that doesn't happen ever and we were like yes i'd spent the entire morning fretting about whether you were going to let me on the plane as you do you weren't fretting were you mum? lots of fretting going on can't imagine you fretting have you never seen that before? never seen that before
139. ticking away and i basically had to wait while he got on his tractor and went to fefetch the computer from somewhere else oh dad and it was about five seconds to spare to get on the plane oh god actually did a funny thing totally unlike him in frankfurt last time did he? he left his passport and ticket in the trolley oh oh and walked off and i mean he's never done that
140. s i popped it out of my head oh my gosh probably some well you had too many you had fun oh oh paradise lo the other play by marlowe the one by marlowe him the plane no? no the author was called marlowe i can't remember what his book was it was about like a man who liked something about like wanting to live forever? something like that yeah oh really
141. before i went back to maybe i feel like it was cloudy though so didn't see the top what the smog? classic you could tell like it was you get into above england on the plane and it's just cloud as far as you can because you know you fly above the cloud it's just cloud as far as you can see it's like ah just white fluffy cloud and
145. yeah yeah we we were all oh it's i've got it written down somewhere like how it started really? but i just remember then we were all just like stuck on a on a plane from the netherlands and we'd just been forced to watch it and we were never gonna leave yeah that was and then and then what's your name? hans that's it yeah they really
148. know talk about cushy journey right you know the made it as easy as possible er and er it it was fine particularly if you do it in one er you know on the same on one plane the whole way well yeah you know in one flight yeah direct yeah yeah yeah i've been a couple of times but er yeah i i did fly direct the first time i think and i got put
149. mm you go you know out of one area more or less into a gift shop but you can't go back once you're through there no mm mm and then you go through for the plane don't you? yeah you're like in a no - man's - land really yes you you're yes stuck there mm well it'll have to be like that at at
150. or put up in a hotel mm oh right erm until yeah you can travel mm if your mm mm till you eventually get there mm mm mm mm mm well it might be better than going by plane you know for a trip isn't it? well there'll be there'll be similar from i should imagine yeah anyway it's from though yeah mind you you see the thing is goes
151. very small place now if it's er er y if you went to work yes in australia and it was all going wrong some man was after you with a machete you can jump on a plane and you're back here in twenty - four hours and you know you've got a roof over your head you've got somewhere to stay yeah nothing nobody's going to be after him
152. you go to the populated parts of china cos it's i bet yeah one billion people but not not spread out mm you know yeah talking of tibet i asked another girl i met on the plane and asked they've caught a pigeon oh really? boy's caught a pigeon what is he doing? bit of animal cruelty isn't it? i was hoping he'd trip up on
153. arrive and because it's not like how they see it in the movies or tv in japan they they get a shock doo doo doo doo yeah and some of them had to go back on the plane and i ha read that in the paper but i was amazed well it's funny isn't it cos travel is all about expectation mm hm but if you have no expectations you you're
154. to be fair i only like two people that's like you and yeah i can't believe no one's seen it before yeah true literally one of my favourite films it was on the plane apparently yeah and you should have actually no you shouldn't have watched it yeah sure because then you wouldn't be able to watch it here yeah can i have that bowl? no no you can
155. ##s we've got guidebooks and we've got like we've got we can bring out stuff uhu uhu like you don't have to bring ropes and stuff on the plane yeah so we tend to stay in the uk if it's good weather so we can do that fair enough there's loads of rock climbing around because my er just my the orange jelly babies they
156. it is one hour thirty fourt so fourteen hours twenty mm oh it's gonna be long isn't it? ten fif fourtee that's loads of hours fourteen hours on a plane oh my god how much of that will be sleep? what kind of is that? i don't know what kind of nap times does that cover? i've got no idea erm however
157. disembar you can't get off yeah you well my friends my family did it and they said at one time they got off and walked around a room and then got back on the plane again oh so hopefully we'll be able to get off and wander round and then we also stop in as well before we get that but that's only like half an hour so yeah erm
159. has it? well apparently that's just the iphone plus ah yeah so hopefully cos i'm happy with the old any of the others like fucking bendiness who wears a hat on a plane? seriously? bellends they like right there why i hate these programmes cos i just hate everyone and then when i see them i hate them more i've gotta say i hate these people generally
160. yeah you you just can't stop mm? very good very bad what's ready? still going to the uk next week? sorry? oh oh week today we'll be on a plane what kind of a place now? heard of but it's that evening eh ah eh evening after the stay yeah bye bye bye and then what'll happen? do you have to stay over?
161. t it? cos we've already paid our first rent and that lasts until like yeah the next payment in january so technically i could just stay here until christmas technically you could and get my plane and what not but then remember like you've only had one deadline that's been due and the other one you've got an extension for two three i've got another one next week
162. just wasting more money just staying here i dunno i mean yeah yyeah just do what do what's best for you but then at the same time like i do g even get the plane back then i'm gonna have to come back anyway get all my stuff it's just stupid er would your mum be prepared to pick you up at christmas or not? no no? i mean
164. thank god you know yeah i didn't know what was going on i know it was just like oh yeah you're living here now oh okay you know yeah you're getting on the plane you're going oh okay you just yeah just accept it yeah yeah quite funny it is it is that's such a short space of time really mm the generational one generation yeah one generation what
165. i'm so glad you no longer bring back oh no next time i go to i'm bringing back i never i never go to it's these guys go there ha ha on a plane yeah but you've got to bring back get a boat apparently it's not that expensive the boat? apparently you can do it quite cheaply? you wrote your passage? yeah i could do
166. leave it behind or take it with you yeah then yeah mm but then is there space in your life in spain for an umbrella that sparks joy? it doesn't rain in spain mainly on the plane family in andalusia will never end oh dear yeah right what time is it for a wander or a coffee or a tea or a no i'm alright on the beverage front it's three
171. if it's sometimes fear it's about pretending you're not scared yeah you want them to think that you're not scared about anything like when we when we took him on the plane mm usually i'm terrified of flying but i wasn't yeah yeah just cos i couldn't be yeah when i going you you i didn't know you were terrified of flying i
172. we had to fly from as well so it was like a double like wow wow and to but amazingly we flew with norwegian air which we've never flown before there was wi - fi on the plane on the plane was sitting watching youtube darts videos on the plane how do they do that? i i don't literally know but then if you think about it like it's not that crazy either
173. fly from as well so it was like a double like wow wow and to but amazingly we flew with norwegian air which we've never flown before there was wi - fi on the plane on the plane was sitting watching youtube darts videos on the plane how do they do that? i i don't literally know but then if you think about it like it's not that crazy either cos they
174. double like wow wow and to but amazingly we flew with norwegian air which we've never flown before there was wi - fi on the plane on the plane was sitting watching youtube darts videos on the plane how do they do that? i i don't literally know but then if you think about it like it's not that crazy either cos they must have a yeah up there? yeah but
175. air force one i know i know it's mad though innit? honestly that those norwegians that kept me amused for two and a half hours messaging everybody i knew i'm on a plane i'm on a plane i'm on a plane i'm on a plane and everyone was like no you're not so i put pictures of like out the window the clouds i i
176. know it's mad though innit? honestly that those norwegians that kept me amused for two and a half hours messaging everybody i knew i'm on a plane i'm on a plane i'm on a plane i'm on a plane and everyone was like no you're not so i put pictures of like out the window the clouds i i really am i certainly am shall
177. innit? honestly that those norwegians that kept me amused for two and a half hours messaging everybody i knew i'm on a plane i'm on a plane i'm on a plane i'm on a plane and everyone was like no you're not so i put pictures of like out the window the clouds i i really am i certainly am shall we ask them if they '
178. norwegians that kept me amused for two and a half hours messaging everybody i knew i'm on a plane i'm on a plane i'm on a plane i'm on a plane and everyone was like no you're not so i put pictures of like out the window the clouds i i really am i certainly am shall we ask them if they've got wi erm they
180. yeah do that i'll come and meet you did that got on the train got my ticket yahdy yahda fell asleep woke up in geneva lovely yeah go to meet him off the plane and realized i'm meeting him off an aeroplane all the signs aren't in french anymore and i don't have any swiss francs i was like oh well that's good euro winner
181. not woken me up i was sat with my ticket in my hand so he must've seen my ticket mm my train ticket and just gone oh well you know um so i met him off the plane good then confessed that i was an illegal immigrant in geneva and then realized that with the best will in the world couldn't even go home and get my passport for me cos he'd never
182. to any terrorist he he wanted to get a letter to his wife or something they're questioning his mental yes his mental capacity i think and his wife was in cyprus which is where he got the plane to land right i wonder if he had he said he had a bomb strapped to him but he probably didn't but no even so yoyou know it's not he should have been stopped shouldn
184. random guy i think he's just a little bit deranged he's not with a terrorist group he wanted to get a letter to his wife who lives in cyprus so he got the plane to land at cyprus he had a bomb on him but i'm not sure if they established if he did have a bomb on him i don't think he'd have got on the plane
185. to land at cyprus he had a bomb on him but i'm not sure if they established if he did have a bomb on him i don't think he'd have got on the plane if he had a bomb on him so er yeah i'm sure it would i don't think he did it was a fake bomb they said when i heard it yeah i don't think
186. he's off now they've got him oh they they all got off and he got off that was that thanks for the lift i don't think well i don't think the plane was bound for cyprus was did he have to divert to cyprus? cos that's well i i don't know which that's what he said are my eyes i've just been
189. that could have been yeah the plane going out there i keep saying to was smaller than the one that we came back on the one that we came back on dad i've never been on a plane like it i don't think right good you know erm where else so you've got like the three seats by the window? you know how when you're by the window normally it
190. you've got like the three seats by the window? you know how when you're by the window normally it's just the window here isn't it? right yeah on this plane you went a big circle oh yeah? so like could or put your arm and you could put your head in the the window almost oh okay almost like a sort of like a pod pod yeah yeah you
194. right queue and he came out and he said what are you lot all doing here? cos the coach hadn't turned up don't remember? that was a year ago oh on the plane i sat next to that guy who wanted to go to the toilet we'd taken off the seatbelt sign went off yeah i remember him uhu and then the captain said it was gonna be a
196. that back down again? erm there was there was a woman at the desk talking to one of the erm assistants and she said oh so apparently one guy who was on that hijacked plane took a selfie with the hijacker just wanted to get a picture what why why why would you why would you want to do that? cos then if your picture's found and he
198. do not fancy and then erm i know maybe if you were or you added a boy and then you might fancy and then so then we're in a cornfield and and were on this plane and they were picking corn and the they actually made a little corn monkeys little corn monkeys of they made a corn monkey? no they what? they got two identical they got loads of corn and they made
201. and and had to go and get in it and they played a joke on them because they pretended that they was on these and then aft they pretended what? at well and when they were in the plane after the plane had landed they pretended that it had actually crashed oh okay they were zombies but actually they weren't then simon cowell and went on got twenty simon cowell got three three what?
203. get me one of our sandwiches please? aw yeah massive obsessed and i didn't have a little berlin she was out she would go and she said as soon as she'd get off the plane that was it she was at pret eating everything in sight she's not fussy she likes everything i think pret and m and s i believe this is true have the highest salt levels in
206. way to all the way to kansai not tokyo to kansai and that's what? nine hours? i don't know maybe mm something like that mm yeah uhu mm i love plane travel but mayb it's i suppose so maybe not so much at the moment but i mean my brother came back for two days you know this weekend he arrived and he flew with cathay pacific
207. know i really do think that yeah she she it's really weird i don't know if i told you the story but i was telling my i had a massage before i got on the plane to come back to here when i knew my mum was dying cos i thought i've got to chill right out because it's gonna be like twenty - eight hour flight i'm not
212. one's polish one's russian one is er you went to russia didn't you? no no i haven't i've been oh you through russia through russia i i changed plane in moscow but i haven't oh i haven't been to russia no i've been very close i went to northern china and it was russian there were a lot of russian people around and
213. got a bucket of fat that she could take on the boat that she'd saved up been saving mm mm what and only the boat would allow it? mm couldn't take it on a plane could she to america i really admire her endurance mm would they have gone on planes in those days? oh they probably wouldn't would they? they'd gone on a ferr they'd
214. a special one for him mm oh no well well if he does yeah what time are you leaving tomorrow? not sure it'll be early morning not not frfrantically early mm the plane leaves at eleven thirty mm oh you will be leaving frantically early mm so it's two hours cos you're supposed to be there erm three hours beforehand so you're supposed to be
215. but yes but they said told they'd all gone when he tried to book me a get my seat in they said oh all the aisle seats have gone mm but when i got off off the plane and i i said to the woman who had helped me you know? to a little van to get my luggage i said she said were you alright on the p? and i said no it was very
216. chi minh he's probably travelled to everywhere so how long would it take to travel from singapore to ho chi minh? well i'd say it's probably an hour and bit on a plane oh right yeah not far okay because it's that's just south isn't it? it it's quite a way south yeah relatively and er yeah and and it's erm
218. you? so you could i i think to remind you to say a prayer? yeah or send a blessing to something your nana's got this little prayer in her purse she got out on the plane and started saying bloody hell what was it? i don't know oh she tells me she prays for me every night don't she? i i've prayed for you all i '
220. no wonder i'm scared of flying yeah i care about well don't don't fly in twenty - twenty then no yeah for god's sake just don't get on the plane i'll try you say that but what if we're in africa and we need to get to england? what if you don't have to be on a plane and a plane just crashes
221. t get on the plane i'll try you say that but what if we're in africa and we need to get to england? what if you don't have to be on a plane and a plane just crashes into your house or something? it can easily gonna happen final destination there's no way of avoiding it have you seen final destination? no i know what it's about
223. ? it can easily gonna happen final destination there's no way of avoiding it have you seen final destination? no i know what it's about that's what happens people get off the plane but but death and the one the ones that survive destiny chases them and hunts them down have you never seen any of them? no no no no never seen them yeah it's weird that but i
224. not be allowed in our country er no well no but but they shouldn't be allowed to travel they're allowed all over africa they should be confined you could get on a coach or a plane travel for twelve hours be in three countries across and no one's why have they not stopped people from travelling? yeah that's just er common sense isn't it? yeah yeah yeah because
227. re nice yeah but they do have like the second hand planes from the others but do they serve alcohol on the on these ones? no doubt it you need alcohol for an eight hour journey on a plane god i hate flying but can you imagine like here's a possible scenario is that they pick us up from the airport and take us straight to the school that's a possible scenario ah no surely
228. and you turn up at school that's an immediate impression immediate yeah impression on you no matter what the circumstances so what turning up in hot pants and smelling of gin? well and drinking on the plane yeah and getting duty free bottles clanking clanking in the see through bags hello hello erm yeah yeah actually that's a good point on our erm hand luggage we should make sure we '
229. that's doable isn't it we can do that yeah yeah that will be alright they'll wonder what on earth they've got themselves into if we like totter off the plane with a couple bottles of gin each mm and we don't even drink that much we're just being prepared it's got to last us all year right so there's a couple of
230. ? it's been up and down up and down hasn't it there was that day yeah so i don't want to allow myself to get too up before i'm on the plane really no there's several things that i'm a little bit worried about to be honest like i i reread the email of the offer right what the second offer? and you know the
231. you you have to check everything you can't jump in blindly that's foolish no yeah i know yeah but you know what it's like where if you're really tired off the plane here's your contract it's exactly the same as before and then everybody stands around you waiting for you to sign it so yeah well it's happened before hasn't it yeah like oh
234. - five minutes on the flight if you're flying? yeah yeah yeah just out down pretty much and you're there yeah er it is a big hairy though all expenses? cos the plane's like tiny oh yeah i'm not expected to pay for it or i wouldn't go good shit if i had to pay for it fair enough but yeah so erm they say for
235. like that? no i don't think so it seems to be well i suppose it's set to yeah can you pick easy medium or difficult? yeah i played it on the on the plane and it kept me more than like kept me quiet for like an hour i pl kept playing the computer like three times what's your thoughts about when the owners are gonna turn up? i dunno
236. ' re picking him up yet or not why? hasn't he told? no he'll probably call when he lands lands yeah it's so different or just before he gets on the plane i need to thank your your parents how do i get in contact with them? i've got them on facebook well you yeah just erm my dad's on facebook you know and they '
240. the ferry boats work out at something like three hundred quid mm hm and that's just a stupid amount of money so i might just leave the van at my uncle's and get a plane from stansted to belfast stay in northern ireland for a little while while i'm there get on a plane from belfast to barcelona with and have a week there and then when he flies back to belfast
241. of money so i might just leave the van at my uncle's and get a plane from stansted to belfast stay in northern ireland for a little while while i'm there get on a plane from belfast to barcelona with and have a week there and then when he flies back to belfast i'll fly back to luton probably mm mm hm erm yeah see it's all sorted nearly it
242. ' s also the the expense of the car and they're going in peak season they're going in they've gone in the summer holidays yeah so things will be the price of a plane ticket to costa del sol which is south of france i think it was something like a hundred and twenty pounds for both of us return flights yeah for both of us that's abnormally cheap erm
243. me up please do it yeah that happened to me in sri lanka once we em we were flying from trivandrum to sri lanka from sri lanka to heathrow mm and we were getting on the plane to come back to heathrow from sri lanka mm and they were all they were all these loads of or loads of men in orange like guantanamo overalls crawling all over the plane on on the ou on
244. were getting on the plane to come back to heathrow from sri lanka mm and they were all they were all these loads of or loads of men in orange like guantanamo overalls crawling all over the plane on on the ou on the exterior of the plane yeah and everyone was like that's a bit strange what's going on here? mm and then as soon as we had all sat down they
245. ##row from sri lanka mm and they were all they were all these loads of or loads of men in orange like guantanamo overalls crawling all over the plane on on the ou on the exterior of the plane yeah and everyone was like that's a bit strange what's going on here? mm and then as soon as we had all sat down they were like sorry there's been a delay everybody
246. down they were like sorry there's been a delay everybody off and they put us in this tiny waiting room and the men the orange men we could see them they were still crawling all over the plane and this was like mm i'd have to say happening for about five hours and wouldn't let us out or to go to the toilet or to get water or anything and there was nothing in
247. make you yeah oh yeah yeah yeah the french airport make you go through security yeah yeah yeah yeah sorry i thought you oh meant like when you arrive back in oh no like before you got on the plane like on the way home mm i didn't know you could bruise your lip surely you can bruise you can bruise anything anywhere that's like skin i suppose so oh accepted can your bruise the bottom
248. these people in between yeah well they like they would but then if like they help them then like who's going to pay for that? yeah it's like if you're on a plane and somebody's ill they say oh if you're travelling say oh is there a doctor around? or an emergency yeah the doctor doesn't say well yeah i'm a doctor but i
249. i imagine any anywhere you would think in the world that if somebody was there was an emergency then they would treat them wouldn't you? yeah but if like say if you were like on a plane though and someone was choking like they would help them a or if like but if they had something that required medication like obviously they wouldn't have it with them so they wouldn't be able to
250. couldn't let them know where we were what had happened course we couldn't no mobile phones in them days and i think we we phoned from the airport moments before we got on the plane she must have wondered what on earth? yes i mean she'd been checking through the life insurance and everything but no i mean it was an interesting trip but it it it taught me that you know
252. vertical so like for people like us who've got no real back yard space yeah yeah then it's useful oh henson's sacked i know he chucked ice he got pissed on a plane and chucked ice cubes at someone which one was he? gavin henson? he's a welsh rugby player he used to go out with charlotte church i mean charlotte church not tcharlotte
253. bit of an idiot like cos he's been on well he got drunk which is what rugby players are supposed to do it was in the morning though he was obviously like still drunk on a plane in the morning? it was a plane from glasgow to? cardiff still drinking in the morning he throws ice cubes at a passenger or something yeah and then he got you know they were angry at him
254. ' s been on well he got drunk which is what rugby players are supposed to do it was in the morning though he was obviously like still drunk on a plane in the morning? it was a plane from glasgow to? cardiff still drinking in the morning he throws ice cubes at a passenger or something yeah and then he got you know they were angry at him he got banned from flying with that airline
255. where we were looking at the flights wasn't it? it said via tokyo didn't it? mm moscow via tokyo mm oh so did you have two flights and that was that was that plane oh i came from incheon to moscova on a different plane oh that plane had come from tokyo mm that confused me too when i got to the carousel it was like that's it oh
256. via tokyo didn't it? mm moscow via tokyo mm oh so did you have two flights and that was that was that plane oh i came from incheon to moscova on a different plane oh that plane had come from tokyo mm that confused me too when i got to the carousel it was like that's it oh okay why does it say tokyo? oh right so you weren't
257. ' t it? mm moscow via tokyo mm oh so did you have two flights and that was that was that plane oh i came from incheon to moscova on a different plane oh that plane had come from tokyo mm that confused me too when i got to the carousel it was like that's it oh okay why does it say tokyo? oh right so you weren't actually on that
258. come from tokyo mm that confused me too when i got to the carousel it was like that's it oh okay why does it say tokyo? oh right so you weren't actually on that plane? no i don't know why they just but they just put the wrong name on didn't say it was from moscow oh okay i didn't really understand if you had a little holiday
259. a look at this one i don't want to look at it i think this is for fred cos he's so pleased with you and i we always drink quite a lot on the plane and she gets really nervous so we had like we had a great trip out didn't we when was that? i don't want any more i think we need to cos there's
260. really doesn't help how does the are you going to eat your carrots then? she wasn't crying a lot just tearful just take a ba a beta - blocker on the plane yeah well we took a tamazepam which was an anxiety tablet did it work? leave the cat alone please yeah to a certain degree and she makes me more nervous yeah i can imagine that mm
262. yeah they're actually pretending to be ten minutes closer than they are you should pick them up on it some time you should say oh yeah you should say could say we're getting off the plane yeah i suppose it's related in a way isn't it yeah yeah yeah yeah because it's all connected isn't it with er information is just mm shared so much quicker these days
263. but i can always catch them later yeah they definitely caught the sun yeah yeah so you're gonna get there late? night? at? yeah early in the morning early in the morning er the plane arrives just after quarter past at night and erm taxi back so be in bed by about one and er eight o'clock the car is booked in for the garage cos they er they repaired links
264. it it's practical silly dresses are you rolling up your trousers? so what are their names then these lego men? ah the film the lego movie what are their names? it was on the plane wasn't it? everything is awesome's talking to you don't think he cares what are their names? one's called bad cop isn't he? who's who?
265. i think he seemed to have quite a nice car anyway the i think the main reason why i didn't was because i had an aeroplane ticket and i w i fancied going by plane mm yeah it was quiquite horrible thinking back thinking like what would have what might have happened if i had accepted mm and and the other thing is when when you're travelling in in someone '
269. he er he was only allowed five days off that year and he had to basically time it with like thanksgiving and stuff so that he could get home for like long enough to warrant the coming home the plane fare yeah oh god so i don't know if like it's different this year but yeah i couldn't imagine having five days off i'm hoping he comes round when erm comes
270. all the time mm yeah all the time it's like my friend became an air steward she loved it and had a brilliant time though like flying still drunk the next day sobering up on a plane oh mm mm no that's bad times it's really bad like going to the toilets to be sick on a plane and then having to serve food and drink to people you've got to
271. time though like flying still drunk the next day sobering up on a plane oh mm mm no that's bad times it's really bad like going to the toilets to be sick on a plane and then having to serve food and drink to people you've got to though because if you don't you'll never make it through like we've got to go out and do all
273. christmas at erm who i was at school with who's are you still doing christmas at erm's? yeah good but without what are you doing? i'm getting on a plane mate how are you getting to? in a cab that's money that's f money she er already booked it i the hilarity of getting a cheap flight and then spending all the money
274. you know who's on also on my flight? do you know that boy? oh how do you know that? cos i bumped into him last night i was like are you getting a plane on christmas day? he's like yeah is it to? yeah is it norwegian airlines? yeah norwegian airlines? it's like a budget airline that goes to there's tvs but there
275. that's nothing that you know that's right not compared to the price of the erm and i and the thing was i didn't have to worry about fighting my way on the plane and since i was right down the front i got off it very quickly and with hand luggage i was out through er exactly passport control exactly in no time at all exactly because i was first in the queue
278. really well oh shit i've gotta book my train ticket that's a point is this for? before it goes up for going home yeah oh god are you getting the train home not the plane? no i just need to get a train to oh god yeah i'm probably gonna have to leave very early cos it'll be so busy especially that time of the month like people going
279. long ah at least your actual flight won't be that long i know i'm really excited for the flight actually really am like how far do you have to travel when you got off the plane to where you are? er's about forty - five minutes from home okay so not too bad that's good mm they're picking me up from though which is nice cos the train
280. ' s like a conveyor belt i think it's just like that's really cute you just take your pack with you and it's really cute and you get to go on a plane woo woo an hour on a plane i love flying so do i it'll be over before i know it though it will pretty much before i've even sat down it'll be already you
282. you have to make plans drink yourself silly mm hey doesn't feel quite real that we're going home for christmas no it really doesn't feels even less if you're getting a plane does feel like a distant memory? it really does it feels like the other side of the world it feels like i'm going back to australia well it must do because like yeah it's so
283. then they up the price every times you go back on the website so you should do it all incognito when you're like buying stuff off websites like when you're buying a plane or a train ticket mm you should always do it so that they can't erm track your cookies okay cos they try and put the price up that's annoying yeah it's horrible
284. panicked mm cos i will panic twelve twenty - seven that's probably it gets in at quarter to two do you think that's enough time? what time is your? my f my plane is at er twenty to five that should be that seems like enough cos i know it's like you think oh that's ages but then when you actually get there it's like you
285. it's like you think oh that's ages but then when you actually get there it's like you have delays and like what? quarter to what? quarter to erm five the plane is okay and there's no like there's no customs cos it's just england so it like it would be there do you literally just go in and go on the plane? i
286. the plane is okay and there's no like there's no customs cos it's just england so it like it would be there do you literally just go in and go on the plane? i i don't really know how it works but i think it's quicker okay cos i don't have to put my bags away or anything and i've already checked in
290. faff coming in i think that's the same with teaching i mean we we finished an then i went er to a conference paris great mm and either because of something that i got on the plane yeah or something there or you know but i i just fell ill i hadn't yeah been really ill for years now but then of course here in paris it's like oh yeah just not interested
295. year oh okay makes sense and i thought well that's great but i but there's no point me i know no point you because you're moving country yeah so yeah and probably by plane not car so i've got all of this stuff erm it's just gonna have to go in the recycling but i'll just hold onto it in case i ever need yeah bits and
296. t forget you come second twice we had to go we i er years ago i had this trip to frankfurt to my boss he was a bit of a yob and er and we were on the plane and he sai you've got i haven't no i don't know he said i don't know anything about germany except two world one world cup and two world wars everyone always picks
297. fuck shit i'm like get out the door right this moment keep your penis away from me there's no baby making going on in here i mean hell no i'm on the next plane out of the yeah yeah you know what i'm like though yeah you were like you were like babies yay i didn't obviously let on though no no obviously not just cool while your o
300. is really good yeah i mean i assume she didn't go there no i don't think so not with her diet no yeah yeah oh yeah so we were with lots of people on the plane weren't we? so we had the were oh yeah yeah we met up with them in iceland and erm and and yeah and and then we all got to boston and we dashed on a bus
302. lighting up yeah yeah i saw some great things from that plane cos on the way over to america mm via iceland we saw like greenland from above yeah and it was amazing it was a pretty exciting plane trip yeah and then erm yeah all the stormy weather although these were our least eventful flights cos the flights back mm were the ones that kept getting delayed and cancelled and decompressing so
303. don't know if it was just the lead - up having a bit of a hectic day yeah with not much fun in it uhu just kind of getting to the airport getting on the plane uhu and just feeling really horrible about being i think it was cos i was worried about stuff in my suitcase i was oh worried about oh yeah stuff i was carrying and in case it exploded and
304. cabin the cabin did decompress slowly and we had to s s to land yeah and that was a bit scary and then we had that whole connecting flight yeah ended up talking to people on the plane and yeah we sort of landed in newark and er got a nice pilot sort of gave us a little speech and thanked us and said explained what had happened yeah i think and then well yeah and it was
305. and came round for dinner one night that was about it yeah it was yeah quite low key but that's probably what we needed at the end yeah and then just get put back on our our plane and uhu fly home to the uk yeah and again there was a few delays in iceland and stuff but on the whole it was pretty uneventful yeah yeah i guess and that was it and then
309. ' m not sure i'm sure they had euro i can i can google it yeah does poland use the but what i always do whenever i go away is i just when i get off the plane i take money out in the airport and they convert it and it comes out yeah good i never like go to a ccurrency place cos they always you always end up paying yeah well i
312. ' s down to the sea he's really near to devon does his friends have cars? probably right? hope not did you hear about this plane crash? what plane crash? on a passenger plane crashed over the alps killing all on board and a few british people what's this book? hands off i haven't read it yet surprising i didn't realise the snails that you could eat
313. i'll be back in twenty minutes down the pub having a snifter cos i was really freaked and i was cos i'd got off a twenty - six hour mm plane journey to see my mum that didn't look like my mum mm and i was down the the the in the garden with and i was like i was like oh i don't i was going
314. checking out malta now right you do that but seriously where is malta? it's in the mediterranean it's quite far erm east and south how long do i have to be on a plane? four hours? what? it's quite far yeah i don't fancy that that's too far but i think you're if i was going on this holiday which i'm
316. maybe twice a year i mean yeah because you should see the size of my makeup bag but you know? it's enormous that that will be for just going on the the erm the the plane mine will fill up my bag according to oh poor daddy i don't want to have to stuff all this stuff it in my rucksack you know which only to have my book and my i
317. say you'll have a ticket too mm mm can you refund tickets? no but then we could just write granny's quite happy to just write off the cost no because the tickets a plane ticket to russia doesn't cost nothing no i know but we think that's a better plan than trying to a force you to go or b decide to go without you and then you change your
318. ##s they were staying in my house oh yeah and said oh we've got the chance to go to iceland for three days and i didn't i thought pardon? yeah just hop on a plane to go to iceland for three days just yeah all of a sudden erm that's er he did unbelievable oh that's there is it? oh oh yeah er well i know who this is
319. was good on the fire i think they've well had quite enough of fires we've had too much fires this is when we've had plenty of that oh and those are from the plane well that oh yes these was the journey long enough to have a drink? and and a meal and a meal what between and? we had a meal both ways yeah how long does the flight take?
320. are and that's the coast of denmark where you were just the other day yes with your yes where we were down here it's a bit further down yes but you could see from the plane all the way this yeah and then you could see the sand in the distance and i never realised it's so much water in sweden it yeah huge lakes tiny lakes it's so it's
321. okay and we had three dry days yeah lovely we had no rain yeah that's ni until we were coming in to land last night mm yeah right okay and coming in to land last night the plane this large plane wwere was er almost full mm and all the people er were coming we assume were coming back from a lot of them were they knew each other mm a lot of them knew each other
322. had three dry days yeah lovely we had no rain yeah that's ni until we were coming in to land last night mm yeah right okay and coming in to land last night the plane this large plane wwere was er almost full mm and all the people er were coming we assume were coming back from a lot of them were they knew each other mm a lot of them knew each other but then they
323. they were all in very sort of relaxed way in jolly jolly mood i see as though their week had ended oh maybe it had in the morning erm there'd only been one person on the plane going over so i should explain this so granny and went to yeah you have you know that and did i explain why the plane er flies from to? yeah okay no what? because there's this
325. seats i mean we all have to pay mm but yeah but that's it's to make sure the airline don't stop running it mm so there was only one other person on the plane when you went out? no this morn er yesterday morning there was only one person that's what the that's what the oh they had said stewardess said nobody had gone back yeah well
326. yeah well it's er kind of interesting because but that's like hire cars there's they all end up the wrong end so when we went out there were five of us on the plane and how many can you fit on the plane? thirty - two okay it's not a big plane no and then when we came back i would say there was probably about twenty - eight people on
327. because but that's like hire cars there's they all end up the wrong end so when we went out there were five of us on the plane and how many can you fit on the plane? thirty - two okay it's not a big plane no and then when we came back i would say there was probably about twenty - eight people on board and mainly people? they well i would
328. all end up the wrong end so when we went out there were five of us on the plane and how many can you fit on the plane? thirty - two okay it's not a big plane no and then when we came back i would say there was probably about twenty - eight people on board and mainly people? they well i would say so they were all a bit there was there was a
329. people recognised there was a lady in high heels she obviously hadn't been in yes but the stewardess said that erm and i can't remember when but she said for four weeks the plane was completely full on every flight yeah backwards and forwards right for four weeks they must have tranches so they must have tranches of them mm mm mm but what i what airline is it? well it
330. hello lovely to see you again they obviously don't have many customers well you might stand out if all their customers are kind of business people yes you might be noticeably not do they actually fly the plane if nobody's on it? well they would probably need to they would need to get it to the other end well yeah to bring it back this way oh yeah that would be nice flight actually i
331. s very good what is it? never even heard of it as is that actually in a very that's weird what's that? oh i've seen that it was on on a plane yeah er that's actually alright yeah let's watch this i have actually seen that very recently oh right okay er he's in it for like ten seconds as a sort of cameo it '
332. delegation and the cubans were falling out they're big mates as well cool are they going to handshake are they going to kiss whatever and apparently brezhnev only got on the plane if he was told that castro would be there to receive him and kiss him publically so castro had to turn up so he turned up and had the the cigar in his mouth all the time so he
336. ? water yeah yeah well they i mean they're are the very practical things like that obviously you can drill through the to the dam just the pipe like just under i'll be on a plane next month out to cyprus yeah yeah i wondered about that kind of dry and arid place up at the side of a hill yeah somebody's got to have a water tank somewhere yeah why is somebody selling
337. a place in spain and i'll place buy a place in cyprus then we'll run them as airbnbs and then we'll swap over and we'll just get off the plane one end and then yeah the other person gets on it mm mm come back again i reckon you can just rent a place there well they are cheap if you run your airbnb thing mm yeah they
338. like try he was he a police dog or something? ah y yeah he was after a c criminal and he kept like and the guy like got on a train and on a bus and on a plane and he he would yeah he would release them and he'd say wait in this room and then the guy says oh yeah i'll just wait in this room and the runs runs and then he
339. no visits there? no we were in right i suppose there were sheep farms but i don't remember them as being anything very special yes no no i do remember f having t to take a plane to get to sydney a little tiny plane oh right yes that was cos that was quite a long way away for us right er were you are you interested at all or have you read in in the
342. yeah i was gonna say yeah yeah did you fanc is she the christian you fancied? i did fancy i did fancy her and then i m had to get off with her on a plane and by the time and she that happened she repulsed me so it was horrible oh she had a really smelly breath like oh one oh well now she's a christian acting yeah that was a while
344. like spicy liquid that but yeah it's okay i guess it kinda does the job yeah oh no yeah they seem pretty popular so they must be popular for a reason can you smoke them on a plane? yeah no you're not meant to you ca obviously you can't you can't smoke it on a p wow no it's been really harsh about it why? cos it
345. there do you want some more? i'm fine no i'm fine thanks what eh stop you're a eh? you're mr fidget like that bloke on the plane look eh eh eh eh? have some more crisps our mm hm it's pavlov's dog i knew that hand was gonna come out then oh okay what dad for crisps?
346. window then i got kicked off the window then i got put on another window oh i was erm the aisle seat and mum was the middle one but it was the right - hand side of the plane that had all the good views wasn't it? and we were on the right - hand side so mum was asleep yeah but i looked across her and across the girl who was in the window seat
347. only in song lyrics no movies because that could be really funny i mean song lyrics is probably always gonna be like really down and like i've had it with these god damn snakes yeah on this plane do you like please yeah chocolate log? yeah cos then you could excuse fingers are clean pardon? comedy songs yeah that's true that's a good point you'd always be like really
348. t sleep she didn't work the night before yeah she did really worry about it yeah she worried but she didn't work she said she hadn't written it when she got on the plane she was still writing it well she said she put too much into it compared to everybody else well you would for your first conference yeah wouldn't you? and then erm and she said she had
349. full size and you put your whole arm up inside giant ones that's very good i might think about that for he's one of the smallest ones you see she could take that on the plane couldn't she? yeah have you got? oh they do a whole range that they call erm car travellers for kids to keep kids amused on the journey yeah they're a bit they '
350. day trips a coach trip always fancied going to egypt me son went with er it's nice yeah yeah he went for his honeymoon mm paid a thousand pound extra to go er on a plane from where he was to go and see all the pyramids and oh everywhere that's nice yeah that was lovely just to see the pyramids down the nile luxor valley of the kings beauti
351. and never needed our passport oh right i don't know how it is it might we might've just might just be random border checks mm or mm mm think so if you get on a plane if it's internal flights you do need you only need id you don't yeah yeah not in ireland you wouldn't you need a passport now? you need a passport i think don '
355. cos i'd had the exactly the same kit at home that i'd used and i'd got a spare wing so i made it up and i managed to get it on the plane out to portugal em it came in two halves fortunately so i was able to unbolt the two halves and get them packed up and eh i put them on the special special l pack package em counter at
358. i've bought i've bought a pack of lozenges you know for on the when we're going on holiday to i thought yeah take these as soon as i get on the plane your ears all i did were hiccup all the way to fucking oh how irritating exactly i had earplugs in all the way they had one of them things in airport yeah we actually found
359. can pay erm like five pounds yeah but i shouldn't have to pay anything if my if my tax money goes towards supporting her and her servants and her food and her clothes and her private plane journeys i should be able to go and see without having to spend any money shouldn't i? well i want to be well i really want to marry a prince so i could change that you would
360. island you know when you no no i know it's an island yeah is it like a is it like a no closed island? no oh they have to be get impatient and they get the plane bloody hell crazy you have to f yeah they have to fly over here it's it's a bit mad but yeah if i lived in an island yeah we do i mean we do live on
361. ' ve gotta change your entire body clock yeah but even the just thirty hours in transit i e in you know travelling and i'm alright with that cos i just sleep as soon as the plane turns its engine on gone oh no no i was uh on i was travelling alone so i was had to sit next to other people who were travelling alone and i was sitting next to this huge fat smell
362. - one would want to sit next to me and the the the especially like the short transit flights are it's a joke i fall asleep when the engine turns on and i wake up when the plane hits the tarmac it doesn't matter if it's a two hour flight like i'll get on and go fall asleep and then boom oh well look i'm here quality you '
363. here and france and back no luggage whatsoever just walked on with a tennis racket being a tennis coach just walked on with a tennis racket sat down gone to sleep woken back up got off the plane and gone to work that's a good commute so i guess you didn't get to come over and visit your family much when you were living in france did you? i don't
364. birmingham airport was it last week? or? i i didn't read it or hear it myself somebody was telling me about it there was a muslim woman went through immigration control after getting off the plane full burka you know? the full thing mm she er breezed straight through showed her passport and walked straight through mm another guy had a scarf around his face cos it was cold walking from the
365. burka you know? the full thing mm she er breezed straight through showed her passport and walked straight through mm another guy had a scarf around his face cos it was cold walking from the plane into the terminal mm he had a scarf on he was asked to remove his scarf yeah and he said what about her? hmm he says you've just seen the you know seen a slit in the
366. erm no cos would kill me if you get married in the same year as you i need to i found some like calmish style tablets before that i might take when we go on the plane yeah why not calms bless you they're the same stuff the same gumph it's like where'd you get it from i cleaned out the pen drawers how much are they where there
367. no i found it i found yeah aren't they i don't know it's worth it if it just brings your anxiety down bit or just get you drunk before you get on the plane that's worse though cos you'll sober up though sorry if you're on an hour long flight it's like three hours and twenty and you've got like a hangover
371. you've gotta oh of course you do you've got yeah but you'd rather safe than sorry wouldn't you? you'd rather ch ch you'd rather delay a plane than have three hundred dead bodies mm but they were flying they were flying on those airbus things that we went to china on mm erm so you got double decker six hundred people on there and you '
372. happened with the paperwork mm and they had they held the flight until it got sorted but but look at that time b oh when when we were in africa malawi yeah malawi they took everything back off the plane yeah you you had to all your bags went through mm then you had to take your bags onto the plane and they lugged them on the runw they lugged them on the literally the the tar
373. time b oh when when we were in africa malawi yeah malawi they took everything back off the plane yeah you you had to all your bags went through mm then you had to take your bags onto the plane and they lugged them on the runw they lugged them on the literally the the tarmac yeah and you had to go and identify your baggage and then put it and put it on the luggage
374. i would think in weeks and months not years and mon or months and years okay i would think in weeks and months that's right now when i saw her when ifirst got off the plane and we walked straight into the living room and there she was in her hospital bed and i thought well she's got a couple of days yeah yeah you know and i'm not a nurse or
375. very briefly running yeah we were that was horrible ah in the end we went past we ran past all the people on our flight and basically pushed in front of the queue we were the first on the plane we didn't know we thought we were late mind you that was like the first time we flew to italy wasn't it? when we when we yeah went to amster via amsterdam via amsterdam
376. yes well that's very different cos i iidentify with east africa yeah that's always home to me i don't know where i identify with and if i get off the plane in africa even now i'm quite sure i'd say home isn't it lovely? it smells like home yeah you should be able to choose your where you're from it shouldn '
378. the journey would be would be to paris and then there's a train from paris to milan on tgv oh right and then the italian mm eurostar services but you'll go by plane will you? it's probably it's likely yes mm i might try the train going and the plane coming back but mm i'm i think the train both ways would be just a bit
380. miles from so probably take a taxi for those last nine miles to where? to luton luton airport luton airport mm mm and then would you have to stay the night there or would you get on a plane? er hopefully just the flight times are going to be sensible er oh should be able to do it in that same morning oh right that's good yeah i've planned because it just makes the
381. as as as long as you've got technology available you're always gonna use it the government's always gonna use it for security yeah but i think i would be happy being on a plane knowing that everyone had their body scanned yeah i mean me too i'd rather have that i haven't got a problem with it yeah i'd rather have the scanning than the danger of like
382. scanned yeah i mean me too i'd rather have that i haven't got a problem with it yeah i'd rather have the scanning than the danger of like yeah terrorism on on the plane and uh this this sort of thing is one of them heated topics isn't it gets people really angry it is yeah you're right bit like uh immigration or uh the the eu uh yeah religion
387. his clothes have been burnt off in the impact this is on the news shit i was watching it was nearly sick i don't remember that you see their arms backwards it's horr the plane just crashed it's just come and these people managed to get there before the ambulance i'll i'll watch it later and erm i know imagine if that was your kid and that '
388. advert is a northern irish they've gone round and gathered the people and held them up and i know how bad is that? imagine watching the news and finding out that they were on the plane my mum erm you'd know already obviously but my mum was telling me other day erm like in ireland you can't drive at a certain time at night cos obviously the ira got
389. the best cities in the world and then i remember my supervisor at university who okay wasn't mm wasn't american you know saying every time he went to new york as he as as the plane approached the city he could feel his buttocks clenching oh and i think that was about the security mm more than anything else that he just felt it was a dangerous city erm but yeah well still it
390. before you could d go solo so i never went solo mm and i would have been just terrified but this guy was was great and we'd go up and he'd be sitting in the plane going don't we live in a fantastic county as well looking down to it spread below ah you know and it was just he just let you and get on with it and well mm i learnt quite
392. i've never even seen that movie man i don't know that's the one with the midget guy and erm yeah billy bob thor yeah i've seen that on a plane on christmas day think i watched it when we were flying to australia how was your how was your plane journey on christmas day? it was great yeah you've done it? yeah we yeah we left
393. the midget guy and erm yeah billy bob thor yeah i've seen that on a plane on christmas day think i watched it when we were flying to australia how was your how was your plane journey on christmas day? it was great yeah you've done it? yeah we yeah we left here oh yeah but yeah as i said it was only christmas day like flying into australia got there at
394. watch bad santa on a flight perfect i thought everyone was gonna i've not watched i certainly have never seen it make more of a big deal of it but they didn't yeah on a plane? yeah did they not say happy christmas to you? i can't i don't maybe no they didn't no but it was all like i thought you know your air china as well
395. there's a point where it turns to christmas they should've said basically they didn't care i wonder i wonder if you have new if you spend new year's eve on a plane they tell you it's fair enough if it's air china they don't celebrate christmas man cos that's a midnight thing that'd be so weird yeah yeah we're
396. that's a midnight thing that'd be so weird yeah yeah we're flying to australia i mean that's like a an er arabic person being like i was on a british airways plane and it turned to like eid and nobody mm came on the announcer and said eid mubarak yeah yeah weird yeah actually i went on a kuwait airlines flight on boxing day they didn't
397. ve putting yourself in for but then you have to weight that up in for the same reason driving on a bus or walking down the street absolutely the chances of that are higher of that than on a plane so i mean in nepal we were only about twelve cars behind a humungous avalanche that i mean people must have died in it because there was a village there and i couldn't see a village
398. ' ll use it really yeah and he's never touched it because he loves books so much but i would take them like if if we when we go to dublin i'll read on the plane mm you you're hardly up there for fifty minutes yeah yeah so you just pull it out read a couple of pages and mm and tuck it away but i wouldn't do that with a book
399. it out read a couple of pages and mm and tuck it away but i wouldn't do that with a book because i'd be afraid of damaging it or what? reading it on a plane? well just trying to shove it in a case or or just shove it oh yeah yeah yeah oh yeah yeah yeah yeah you know having a big enough handbag or something for it and mm mm and
400. forwards and he got me it for christmas and he said i know you don't want one he said but m i just thought even if you just read it literally when you're on the plane yeah er up and down and then er just use it like that and i started using it and that was it that's mm mm so the only books i've read since is one that i
401. kind've good it's alright i thought i mean it's action isn't it? yeah it entertained me for a couple of hours i tell you what and i was on a plane so i wasn't too picky about what i was watching yeah oh okay you can't be picky can you i don't want to say i don't like youtube and action
403. i had oh no oh no but we got him back sadly he w he was oh he was a terror oh but it was quite a nifty move to send him back though on a first plane i mean yeah i think they had no choice really they just put him on the plane and right okay yeah off he went and i think he w was so shocked i don't think there was any
404. he was a terror oh but it was quite a nifty move to send him back though on a first plane i mean yeah i think they had no choice really they just put him on the plane and right okay yeah off he went and i think he w was so shocked i don't think there was any problem on the flight because i think he was just so horrified mm what had happened yeah
419. but i would not like to be sitting i couldn't i don't think i could do it sitting in a driverless car yeah well blimey yeah but then you sit in a plane where you have no control and it's on autopilot yeah does it do you worry about it? no but is that just because you can't see it do you think? yes it
425. coming cos we'd see them sort of thing like we'd just be like yeah well it could be one of those things that we don't know it's them in the plane yeah kind of like nine eleven like yeah who knew that was? oh look a little worm how lovely oh that's disgusting it came out of my raspberry pack oh don't touch it
433. well they'd film poirot in the old co - op building now could you erm hold that for a moment i'm going to do my thingy up there's a plane coming in to land it it would be useful to know what we are looking out on when we're looking out of our window because i have been asked that question it's that way a few
434. in the south of france with my skin? alright there's endless for the south of france then where would you go? canada america go to new zealand i can't put her on a plane mm could you imagine? give her to no she's done a lot of things but she doesn't deserve that oh dear no one deserves that oh he's awake no wait might not be
437. kuala lumpur yeah pronounce that right mm erm now i don't know whether that was just for a quick refuel or whether they actually got off and got back on got off the plane i don't know and then landed in melbourne right early hours of the morning about two o'clock in the morning and was? yeah so they'd arranged very very close to the airport what
438. poor was awake i was bored shitless we were on duty oh no he watched every episode of gossip girl on the tv on the plane yeah what else did we watch? oh crazy stupid love oh crazy stupid love he was like let's watch crazy stupid love i was like you're a crazy stupid dick what's crazy stupid
439. did thank you i didn't see that with it on the food is really bad on aeromexico but i've always really? really? but even by pla you know obviously plane food is cheers thank you always a bit shit but it was really bad and then but ootherwise the plane was really nice it was a nice plane yeah and it was it was quite spacious it
440. i've always really? really? but even by pla you know obviously plane food is cheers thank you always a bit shit but it was really bad and then but ootherwise the plane was really nice it was a nice plane yeah and it was it was quite spacious it had those new it had those new new windows? the new windows yeah yeah where it was like what are the new
442. cos he was like and he was in yeah but obviously yeah and he was like yeah cos i saw that picture of you in the passport in the mexico like yeah they were leaving for that plane really early oh god like there were so many clues man twenty - four hours early anyway we didn't care that's good yeah and the buses are also so that's like really nice oh
443. there's one from nineteen seventy - four can we watch 27 dresses? i dunno about that's awesome it's just in the there was loads of rom - coms on the plane like and 27 dresses she was like always a bridesmaid never a bride so twenty - seven bridesmaid dresses and i was like hey we watched working girl have you seen that movie? no melanie
444. that there's a couple of good ones though the the the who likes the big bang theory? i've seen a bit of that it's alright i only ever watch it on the plane it's it's so it's alright it's so lol what's that? there was that funny one that sai well like about tripadvisor what was that film
445. ? there was that funny one that sai well like about tripadvisor what was that film? trip it's about yeah it's like oh yeah she she meets some guy on a plane and goes like i'm a i'm a writer and she's like oh really? would i have read anything that you'd wri you wrote he's like i dunno
446. ' re just off spain but actually they're much closer to africa yeah yeah that's what i think as well and then cos i don't think when you're on a plane you have no sense of how far you go i mean obviously you know how long you're on there for and it was four hours which is quite long but i didn't exp when they
450. i'll make i'll take it on the screen shall i? i dunno why it matters that we might just cos we're driving through a the country instead of entering by plane how that would differ? what? do you know what i mean? like the vi the russian visa thing yeah i don't yeah i don't where's that going that screenshot for
452. i'd love to go to i've never been mm yeah amsterdam is way up there maybe we should go to amsterdam have you been? no i just don't wanna go on the plane no one gets it i wanna go there like on the boat or on land yeah oh mate i've got so scared of flying oh have you? yeah like and oh when why? i don '
453. it was like really bumpy so that's why i was freaking out erm the berlin flight we landed and he mm put the brakes on and we skidded across the runway like n the plane nearly left the runway and it was like you know normally you're like you land and you're like phew? yeah yeah yeah awesome and then there was like it was just the worse it
454. you need a couple of smooth flights and it might make you feel better again got to say we we to italy er and i flew british airways and we landed and i didn't even feel the plane touch the runway so you know wow you know like ryanair it was like yeah it is like that is a really big difference wow really? yeah i cos i was freaking out and was like we
460. it just millions of islands? or is there? millions yeah they they did count them and w ours was like really south like we ha as soon as we arrived in mali we had to get another plane but like a smaller one and that was like an hour's flight just to get to our island but the island oh my god an hour's flight? there's so many islands and honestly
463. one i can remember having when i was young was when i went to china with the british council and my my luggage got taken off the well it everybody's luggage should have been taken off the plane in hong kong but everybody else had arrived in a bunch and sorted it and i arrived very early cos i travelled down overnight to catch this flight so i'd already checked in and i didn '
464. cos i travelled down overnight to catch this flight so i'd already checked in and i didn't realise that they'd put together two two cheap tickets and although it was the same plane so the luggage could stay on erm it should have been taken off and put back on again and so mine was taken off and in hong kong i don't know now but in those days they
465. she sent that text saying she'll text when she lands tomorrow she's they've got a few more hours yet it's half eleven our time they'll be getting the the plane oh is it? oh okay cos it's half six in the morning oh half six till half eight it's a two hour flight they're just sleeping now then and with erm
466. seventeen hour flight from melbourne to dubai yeah and then we'd had the flight from auckland which was only about three three u three and a half hours but of course we spent ten hours on the plane already before we took off mm so you'd had your thirteen hours before you got anywhere oh yeah it was a long long time bit of travelling i remember getting on the plane at dubai the following day
467. ten hours on the plane already before we took off mm so you'd had your thirteen hours before you got anywhere oh yeah it was a long long time bit of travelling i remember getting on the plane at dubai the following day and and we rocked up to our seats yeah and that the girl and i were sitting with was so cross that in the middle section of the plane where you've got the
468. i remember getting on the plane at dubai the following day and and we rocked up to our seats yeah and that the girl and i were sitting with was so cross that in the middle section of the plane where you've got the four seats yeah she'd got one and next to her was free and she'd got a baby lying on it oh yeah and all the stuff all around her for
469. you can understand it but mm pain we never got any compensation it doesn't er travelling the lies they tell you yeah yeah because we knew that was mechanical failure cos they told us on the plane mm that s a part had failed all these lights had gone on in the cockpit and they were flying a part in from sydney yeah to repair the plane and then by the time we'd landed in
471. just so cool so cool oh they're so i feel bad it's just we go away to visit granny and that kind of thing and why can't the malamute come on the plane? is there some more? no that's plenty for one sitting darling you can have some more tomorrow not sure if they can come on a plane guide dogs and things please don't scrape the
472. can't the malamute come on the plane? is there some more? no that's plenty for one sitting darling you can have some more tomorrow not sure if they can come on a plane guide dogs and things please don't scrape the bowl stop that i didn't do anything nothing? i didn't do anything er your hand let's see your hands leave the strawberries
473. different people yeah that didn't really matter to the er you know the momentum of the plot but you think oh wow of course cos he knew her from when he met her mother on a plane mm going to blah blah blah and so they are oh he does know her it's not important to how the plot is no but being moved along but like yeah the total geek squad picking up on

Cluster 2
0. what is going on with them? what's going on with what? the v and a? the planes oh i can't see the planes oh it's like a proper like raf plane er maybe there is an r there probably is an raf base around here somewhere although there are no good looking soldiers you may find some one day you never know i dunno i think i j might be
8. you don't really need your shoes on mm if you are at home and that mm and so you just kind of get that feeling of the earth mm yeah i wonder what that is? a plane don't you think it sounds like an old plane? mm it's quite hot again yeah it is nice you can see the shadow's kind of coming over quite a bit now isn '
9. you are at home and that mm and so you just kind of get that feeling of the earth mm yeah i wonder what that is? a plane don't you think it sounds like an old plane? mm it's quite hot again yeah it is nice you can see the shadow's kind of coming over quite a bit now isn't it? in our autumn mm it is only like
10. monday to saturday and that's four pounds for two hours which is no good and you've still got abo it sounds like they're out playing today that's like the third plane isn't it? is it the same guy that's done a funny loop? no i think he's a different mm having fun over there he's kind of a noisier
26. this is what it said anyway in one of the kind of texts was that you know those and it was like i was saying to you before it was like those people were on such a different creative plane yeah that no wonder they feel so isolated or so different or just on a different level it doesn't mean it's any better but it's a very different way of thinking and approaching things
36. it's pretty huge it's massive mm and it's in west wales which is an interesting location cos you got the coast on one side and then there's this long flat plane and then you've got the and the mountains in the distance which is going to so it's a bit of a rain belt i think no really? mm cos when we got there it
41. again who lives in? that's the same one well there's loads of military bases round here yeah but it's probably some general or something oh it's like that top secret plane that flies around with a big er antenna on the front of it just as it gets dark flies at really low altitude have you seen it? ah they're testing something aren't they yeah or
42. cupboard drinking it and then saying oh i'll buy you another no they they don't take bottles of wine do they? well it depends where they're going mm is this the radar plane coming? no the radar plane flies about i don't know about five hundred foot there was another one that crashed into a a house wasn't there? another another of those army planes yeah probably
43. oh i'll buy you another no they they don't take bottles of wine do they? well it depends where they're going mm is this the radar plane coming? no the radar plane flies about i don't know about five hundred foot there was another one that crashed into a a house wasn't there? another another of those army planes yeah probably not in this time another one
46. are around oh wow that's quite frightening isn't it yeah so if you go like here let's go to does show you though that when you're a bit paranoid about the plane crashing or something how many there are yep so if you look at that that oh there are a lot of planes that flight there is you see it moving? yeah it's pretty sso find the
47. have gone past the yeah the airport so i don't know why it's doing that er maybe he can't land let's see where this is going there are quite a few plane's coming in yeah let's see where this one's going it hasn't got one for that one try that one it's cos you're double clicking click once oh
48. my flight? i was trying to find it but i couldn't with the numbers that you gave me no cos you can use this type like type it in type to to to find the plane so i couldn't find it but you can see over this area there's not a great deal of planes no yeah i came like this one here is i came on on that exact route i
49. no idea so it was quite a a cos like i said you could watch them and and you have this software like on your ipad and you're sitting in the garden and you see a plane going over you can see what that plane is mm by erm just seeing that it's passing over us it's pretty impressive isn't it erm yeah i put my sat nav
50. cos like i said you could watch them and and you have this software like on your ipad and you're sitting in the garden and you see a plane going over you can see what that plane is mm by erm just seeing that it's passing over us it's pretty impressive isn't it erm yeah i put my sat nav er when we went to france france i
51. it's passing over us it's pretty impressive isn't it erm yeah i put my sat nav er when we went to france france i actually got it to work on the plane and the take - off speed was about a hundred and seventy erm ththen you took off and it went quickly to three hundred and then it stayed at three hundred for a while we went north
57. us forty of us that just didn't have our bags it's ridiculous mm i was slightly concerned you about your flight path only slightly because of the ukraine what's been going with russia plane that got shot down over the ukraine yeah it concerned me as well a little a little obviously was still a little she doesn't take flying too well no really she makes me nervous you could have in
58. down turn round but oh christ it's almost ten miles to the next junction and then we've gotta come back up again so you're thinking okay we left a reasonable time for the plane you know yeah but you don't want to be pushing it right to the wire that's where would come unstuck he was still last minute dot com travelling yes he really was yeah he
59. jackson? and they were going is he your president? they didn't hea they hadn't heard of him then but erm even more remarkable one have any of you flown in a plane out of korea? not one of them and you think if you said that even in a sink erm hole school here replete with council chavs half of them in that s class would put their
60. s got a pilot's license i said they don't give pilots licenses to imbeciles you've got to be clever to have a pil he's got his own plane he's got his own motorbike he's got his own car er you're dealing with you're dealing with three dime it's it's it's only a
61. s got his own motorbike he's got his own car er you're dealing with you're dealing with three dime it's it's it's only a small plane but it's a plane he flies it you're dealing with three dimensions and they don't give pilot's licenses to idiots they can i've seen some real dumb driving cars but
62. ##ke he's got his own car er you're dealing with you're dealing with three dime it's it's it's only a small plane but it's a plane he flies it you're dealing with three dimensions and they don't give pilot's licenses to idiots they can i've seen some real dumb driving cars but you don't get stupid
63. to er oh for the aeroplane to get out of the way for the aeroplane to get out the way cos it's gone there this could've been and that would set the plane on fire caught up well it got caught up in it like mm you know? you know er they work it out like that it was massive now then there was another another person again was in the air
73. bone? yeah no no i haven't seen it it's the one where like the girl gets her like legs eaten off my a killer whale i watched it on a bit of that one plane actually oh my god it is like marion coutillard or whatever she's called and i woke myself up by doing i was really drunk it was in and i woke myself up as she was
74. out laughing in the cinema and ev like people were looking like pissed just looking at me with disgust laughing at his woman's legs getting eaten but erm i've never had a really bad plane experience you know that thing when you get like achy legs yeah what's it called? dvt well that's the official actually i have had a bad one what? when i went
85. the voice on the voice over and she's like is there a doctor on the plane? is there a doctor on the plane? i've been on a plane where that happened i have plane as well yeah so then this guy is like er i'm a doctor and like she's like are you? and is like goes over like i couldn't see exactly what was happening but
90. on the plane and they faked like an emergency on the plane and they hypnotised him not to knocked him out and put him in a flight simulator and he had to like land the plane it was really amazing like so they like hypnotised him and then like they're like we need someone to like la to land the plane the pilot has died or whatever and no one on
91. flight simulator and he had to like land the plane it was really amazing like so they like hypnotised him and then like they're like we need someone to like la to land the plane the pilot has died or whatever and no one on the plane volunteered so it got to the point at which he was like i'm gonna have to do it cos everyone on the plane was actors
94. actors but it was like a real flight and then they hypnotised him knocked him out put him in a flight simulator so he genuinely thought he was in a a cockpit and like landed the plane it was really funny but erm and then he wasn't scared of flying any more? but apparently like he didn't it wasn't to do with like to overcome his fear of flying
99. ' s the kind of thing which lay people could do yes exactly yeah yeah they get the brush out and dab some stuff all over a piece of wood we can do that we can't plane yeah that's right yeah we could do that at least i could not plane well i don't know i don't even have a plane so probably haven't got one exactly and plan
100. get the brush out and dab some stuff all over a piece of wood we can do that we can't plane yeah that's right yeah we could do that at least i could not plane well i don't know i don't even have a plane so probably haven't got one exactly and planing is probably much more subtle and difficult than it might be yeah exactly so er
101. wood we can do that we can't plane yeah that's right yeah we could do that at least i could not plane well i don't know i don't even have a plane so probably haven't got one exactly and planing is probably much more subtle and difficult than it might be yeah exactly so erm and he was saying the tiles you know suddenly he said can you
106. are you alright? er? are you alright? yeah it's just it's a lot of of plane planing wristwork yeah right planing and doing this it's yeah a bit difficult oh look i'm very dusty i'd better go and yeah mm dust myself down alright where is he
107. executive decision oh that's gotta be one of my top ten all time favourite films though actually he he he died at the he died at the very beginning just at the moment that uh that the plane was um he saved he sacrificed himself for the mission you know there there was a plane um a plane had been hijacked and he he was like flying uh n a war plane alongside it what does
108. though actually he he he died at the he died at the very beginning just at the moment that uh that the plane was um he saved he sacrificed himself for the mission you know there there was a plane um a plane had been hijacked and he he was like flying uh n a war plane alongside it what does a half? they had to stretch out a some kind of tube which allows the soldiers
109. he he died at the he died at the very beginning just at the moment that uh that the plane was um he saved he sacrificed himself for the mission you know there there was a plane um a plane had been hijacked and he he was like flying uh n a war plane alongside it what does a half? they had to stretch out a some kind of tube which allows the soldiers to walk from
110. uh that the plane was um he saved he sacrificed himself for the mission you know there there was a plane um a plane had been hijacked and he he was like flying uh n a war plane alongside it what does a half? they had to stretch out a some kind of tube which allows the soldiers to walk from war plane onto the uh hijacked a plane it was absolutely prepostero
111. hijacked and he he was like flying uh n a war plane alongside it what does a half? they had to stretch out a some kind of tube which allows the soldiers to walk from war plane onto the uh hijacked a plane it was absolutely preposterous board board the pilot board the um the plane in mid air somehow getting around the u pressure difficulty as i said absolutely ridiculous how
112. flying uh n a war plane alongside it what does a half? they had to stretch out a some kind of tube which allows the soldiers to walk from war plane onto the uh hijacked a plane it was absolutely preposterous board board the pilot board the um the plane in mid air somehow getting around the u pressure difficulty as i said absolutely ridiculous how how they managed to get get themselves to
113. stretch out a some kind of tube which allows the soldiers to walk from war plane onto the uh hijacked a plane it was absolutely preposterous board board the pilot board the um the plane in mid air somehow getting around the u pressure difficulty as i said absolutely ridiculous how how they managed to get get themselves to the right pressure i don't know hey what i was thinking i wonder if
114. the one that pulls it yeah yeah not the not the lancaster bomber the erm oh my goodness why can't i think of the name off the top of my head? s what was the plane? what what was the plane? dakota dakota mm yeah that's american wasn't it? the dakotas yes yes it was dakota is a state in america mm it was yeah that's
115. yeah not the not the lancaster bomber the erm oh my goodness why can't i think of the name off the top of my head? s what was the plane? what what was the plane? dakota dakota mm yeah that's american wasn't it? the dakotas yes yes it was dakota is a state in america mm it was yeah that's right that's right yeah
124. erm something about the location yeah rather than so i went back and told her that satisfied her and she does she literally lives well ten minutes up the road yeah from the yeah airport we watched the plane flying out over the you know that it flies and goes off to grenada yeah and erm so they gave tha i gave them that they filled it in stamped it and we went off and you collected yes
142. used to go in er they'd say what's that? a flower? well some people used to some people used to say things like that to me about it that's not a plane well no no that's r that's right no i never seen a plane like that no no that's right i no i was never good at drawing i couldn't no i '
143. well some people used to some people used to say things like that to me about it that's not a plane well no no that's r that's right no i never seen a plane like that no no that's right i no i was never good at drawing i couldn't no i'm hopeless i couldn't draw circles on my school report it used to say effort
144. men don't have mirrors no and so he went on holiday to the seychelles yeah and he took some photographs and then he had them developed and there was a photograph of him in front of a plane mm and he he just deduced that must be what he looked like from the photograph how odd i thought it was very jungle book you know animals looking in ponds and seeing their reflection i didn't
146. t know when they said they were throwing everything away i just grabbed all of them really shanghai airlines come on are you gonna have your dinner sweetheart? oh it's not a it's a plane it looks like a whale oh i thought it was a whale it's supposed to be a whale actually a whale plane i don't know would you advertise your airlines as a whale?
147. have your dinner sweetheart? oh it's not a it's a plane it looks like a whale oh i thought it was a whale it's supposed to be a whale actually a whale plane i don't know would you advertise your airlines as a whale? mm no that's heavy yeah i don't know scooby dooby doo yeah oh shaggy scooby
158. you i'm surprised they haven't gone to view some more land but they just fell in love with this one haven't they? we still need to find dad that water table thing plane yeah i well don't they need to know that before they buy it? yeah they will yeah they will how are they gonna find that out? there's supposed to be a big package coming
163. yeah yeah yeah amazing yeah though and they they came across an an old arch they've come across a burial ground too haven't they? which could yeah yeah yeah which they think was the plane yeah but there was this arch somewhere well s somewhere near canary wharf i think and it was a brick arch er but it wasn't wide enough so they had to widen it oh right but when they
167. that giant that giant guy oh my god that that that took away from everything he was like seven - foot tall yeah he he could have stopped the twin towers from actually like he could have caught the plane he was holding them up yeah the reason they fell down was because he moved away he had to blow his nose or something wow wow did you see him? no he had to bend down when entering the
168. ever hear about planes that crash that crash whereas if if the headlines were true you'd obviously hear you know three thousand planes take off and land successfully a day but we only hear oh this this plane takes off erm and and and you know crashed or whatever so but i mean the fact of the matter is that you're more likely to die in a car crash than a plane crash exactly and
169. this this plane takes off erm and and and you know crashed or whatever so but i mean the fact of the matter is that you're more likely to die in a car crash than a plane crash exactly and and people don't get that erm is it like similar to the terrorist attacks you're more likely to die from the nhs like getting hit on yeah or it's like
170. never going to be released what about what about what about unreleased pilot? yeah pilot one yeah okay yeah pilot x seventy - four pilot x seventy - four yes cos now now it sounds like a plane thing the pilot of x seventy - four but i'll see you guys later it was nice having this conversation with you yes i'm exhausted you can't say that because then it then they
179. ' s bad ah that feels different than this one oh mm feels different it's the exact same thing i did it felt different feels different can you feel colours now? it was on a different plane okay it was like this way and the other one was this way you're too high you're too high i didn't have time to go to a shop i've just thrown your
183. it wasn't when we were at the and we saw all the erm the smoke then but we didn't know what it was from so what's happened about the hijacked plane? have you seen that on the news? well they erm they're all off it's some random guy i think he's just a little bit deranged he's not
187. ? i'm sure it would have been you know well no it's only just come no no to heathrow we went to oh i see i'm sure we flew on a massive plane like that could have been yeah the plane going out there i keep saying to was smaller than the one that we came back on the one that we came back on dad i've never been on a
188. been you know well no it's only just come no no to heathrow we went to oh i see i'm sure we flew on a massive plane like that could have been yeah the plane going out there i keep saying to was smaller than the one that we came back on the one that we came back on dad i've never been on a plane like it i don't think
191. bigger right wouldn't it? okay yeah so er amazing bigger and better look at the size of that yeah it's massive how many people? six hundred? yeah is that the most a plane can hold? any plane you mean? yeah well i don't know i presume it must be close to it yeah so should be erm the fanfare about this plane that it must be
192. it? okay yeah so er amazing bigger and better look at the size of that yeah it's massive how many people? six hundred? yeah is that the most a plane can hold? any plane you mean? yeah well i don't know i presume it must be close to it yeah so should be erm the fanfare about this plane that it must be er is this the?
193. the most a plane can hold? any plane you mean? yeah well i don't know i presume it must be close to it yeah so should be erm the fanfare about this plane that it must be er is this the? the biggest no no no oh it's not it's it's that's the that's national news that is that's the
195. sixteen and twenty likes working lates yeah the office woman was sick today oh was she? yeah so she wasn't in? no she's not often off though i oh is this that plane look on the news? no she's never off and then other girl oh yeah is that him? probably sh turn it up? is that him? oh oh fake yeah so making a load of
197. - themed films there isn't really a film set in february either or a nondescript i don't you know what you know what e four's playing on wednesday snakes on a plane oh nice that's not a film that's a description that's a plot synopsis? oh yeah did i tell you about my em my illness? so i've been diagnosed what
199. picking big sacks and soon they had little babies for the monkey ah and then what? and then the monkeys came alive er like oh here's a kid for you like kept jumping down from the plane and getting some corn and jumping up and then the plane eventually landed and and had to go and get in it and they played a joke on them because they pretended that they was on these and then aft
200. monkey ah and then what? and then the monkeys came alive er like oh here's a kid for you like kept jumping down from the plane and getting some corn and jumping up and then the plane eventually landed and and had to go and get in it and they played a joke on them because they pretended that they was on these and then aft they pretended what? at well and when they were in
202. to go and get in it and they played a joke on them because they pretended that they was on these and then aft they pretended what? at well and when they were in the plane after the plane had landed they pretended that it had actually crashed oh okay they were zombies but actually they weren't then simon cowell and went on got twenty simon cowell got three three what? monkeys? no
204. h had their heart broken i think girls you sort of get over it a you know but keep it with you always cos it shapes who you are hmm i think you come more to a logical plane yeah yeah and i think y inevitably even if you have been really hurt you do go out there looking for it again not to get hurt but uh hmm the possibility of finding somebody and then blokes
205. i don't hear it here very much you when i owned road we used to hear it more well it's that low drone that makes me think it's of it as a big plane you know one of the carrier planes or something no i think it's when they're testing engines yeah it's not something flying it's when they're testing them right okay i
208. when they were coming from when he had em ernie's coming back against against erm trying to get nina oh good yeah they were getting when he was coming to kill them in the when the plane crashed yeah yeah and killed loads of people yeah and he's all like jack jack jack i think you can have nick my pen for one tick please literally one tick one tick? literally a tick literally
209. jack i think you can have nick my pen for one tick please literally one tick one tick? literally a tick literally a very literal manner very funny oh it's ridiculous he's in a plane crash and he still survives sorry? they have a plane crash the plane gets hit by a missile and he still survives how? because he didn't because he's jack bauer he doesn't
210. tick please literally one tick one tick? literally a tick literally a very literal manner very funny oh it's ridiculous he's in a plane crash and he still survives sorry? they have a plane crash the plane gets hit by a missile and he still survives how? because he didn't because he's jack bauer he doesn't die it seems little unrealistic no no it '
211. one tick one tick? literally a tick literally a very literal manner very funny oh it's ridiculous he's in a plane crash and he still survives sorry? they have a plane crash the plane gets hit by a missile and he still survives how? because he didn't because he's jack bauer he doesn't die it seems little unrealistic no no it's not realistic
217. well you would think so but it it d i'm right aren't i dad? there's been cases where the there have been cases yeah the birds have got into propellers and the plane's crashed but they can actually destroy jet engines believe it or not cos there's hundreds of fans in the middle er on the inside of a jet propulsion engine spinning around incredibly fast it must
219. oh yeah i know yeah i remember you coming to uni and saying yeah i know i'm dying at thirty - five i've had a premonition it's gonna involve a plane but you don't and it'll be in the year twenty - twenty yeah no wonder i'm scared of flying yeah i care about well don't don't fly in twenty -
222. the plane i'll try you say that but what if we're in africa and we need to get to england? what if you don't have to be on a plane and a plane just crashes into your house or something? it can easily gonna happen final destination there's no way of avoiding it have you seen final destination? no i know what it's about that's
225. like er four hundred pounds to british airways which is one thousand four hundred pounds british airways is like three times the price of any of the others yeah yeah british airways are expensive yeah but none of the plane the i've never been on a really really good british airways plane no i know they're rubbish i think the best ones are well the middle eastern ones qatar qatar emirates yeah and i read about
226. pounds british airways is like three times the price of any of the others yeah yeah british airways are expensive yeah but none of the plane the i've never been on a really really good british airways plane no i know they're rubbish i think the best ones are well the middle eastern ones qatar qatar emirates yeah and i read about omani air and they seem alright too they're nice yeah but
232. just telling yourself this is safer than crossing the road and how many times do you cross the road mm do you play the lottery oh you're more likely to win the lottery than die in a plane mm so if you win the lottery the day before you fly maybe think again yeah maybe walk passed that part get the car but no it was really funny actually my si my friend was saying to me the
233. ' s thousands of them yeah it's been a really good year for the breeding hasn't it? when they take off it's it's gonna gonna look like a big jet plane yeah yeah yeah that's what they said so thousands of people are camping out there waiting for them to leave well said that yeah yeah but it could be another few weeks yet because it's still
237. when it was farming well emmerdale used to be about the farming when it was farming yeah way way back now there is nothing at all about farming in it any more nothing to do with no plane crashed all on the village or something didn't it? we don't watch it but you hear little bits don't you? yeah well that's right occasionally well i mean yeah everyone
238. netherlands here so do i? i mean uk or ireland well of course because there's some water in the way and a boat might take a long time mm hm so yes put it in a plane if the plane's going that way anyway but the netherlands? i don't know there's probably all sorts of rail transport the rail network seems pretty efficient yeah you can probably get there in
239. do i? i mean uk or ireland well of course because there's some water in the way and a boat might take a long time mm hm so yes put it in a plane if the plane's going that way anyway but the netherlands? i don't know there's probably all sorts of rail transport the rail network seems pretty efficient yeah you can probably get there in ten hours on
251. is it? it is yeah in actual fact is it? yeah wow yeah i thought it was captain no you can have a captain but the person who drives the boat is a pilot like in a plane and the captain say left hand down a bit right hand down a bit that's right it can be another term but er but she said would i'd love you to come up to scotland with
261. ve ever seen so many aeroplanes they were it's just absolutely massive and there's hundreds and hundreds all parked up like a mm great bit carpark of erm planes gatwick plane yeah amazing makes heathrow look like where is this? doha doha we're erm we were looking the other day sorry you just reminded me saying qatar erm this is completely changing the subject was
266. there's a guy? sorry there's a guy that can actually eat eat and survive and be fine with it he can eat metal i did actually know that i know he eat a whole plane well that's ridiculous i'm just gonna get a tissue i bei believe you but it's ridiculous there was a picture of er him just like with a plate nenext to a plane
267. well that's ridiculous i'm just gonna get a tissue i bei believe you but it's ridiculous there was a picture of er him just like with a plate nenext to a plane with a bit of the plane and he was just like i don't know why he does it it's probably not enjoyable and he wrecks his teeth do you want a tissue anybody? no
268. ' m just gonna get a tissue i bei believe you but it's ridiculous there was a picture of er him just like with a plate nenext to a plane with a bit of the plane and he was just like i don't know why he does it it's probably not enjoyable and he wrecks his teeth do you want a tissue anybody? no i'm good do you
272. s what everyone's doing i can't stand flying at the best of times well no i couldn't be arsed with that no no no just the thought of being trapped in a plane for that long i don't mind flying at all but it just it makes your skin feel all funny it makes your hair go static mm mm it makes me get snotty because i'm
276. actually i'm i in zimbabwe at the moment i suppose if you if you paid for me to be come yes come back first class that's ri if there where if you sent a private plane and a helicopter oh private plane is even better that's righ well it's the only way isn't it? well how could you get there? well quite and i'd have
277. zimbabwe at the moment i suppose if you if you paid for me to be come yes come back first class that's ri if there where if you sent a private plane and a helicopter oh private plane is even better that's righ well it's the only way isn't it? well how could you get there? well quite and i'd have to come back as well that
281. i think it's just like that's really cute you just take your pack with you and it's really cute and you get to go on a plane woo woo an hour on a plane i love flying so do i it'll be over before i know it though it will pretty much before i've even sat down it'll be already you'll just be there and then
287. ' re french aren't they? the french airbus planes so those are planes that have got like two two double decker planes you know? it's like a total like giant like super giant plane yeah yeah anyway some saudi prince has bought an airbus for himself from the french company who make airbus yeah? and had it customized so that it includes for example a turkish bath double you know queen - size
288. size bedrooms so if he needs if he wants a turkish bath like he might a swimming pool conference room if if he if his own turkish bath was broken then he'd have to get in his plane and fly it just so he could use a turkish bath? well he could just probably use while it wasn't flying he'd have to fly it like round round the block or something aye come
289. with was on about this like customization of like jumbo planes and stuff and apparently like donald trump obviously has got like a boeing seven whatever seven five seven or seven three seven or something some big plane and he's had like all of his replaced with like massive luxury seats with the trump family crest like sown into everything and gold everywhere and well he's got a gold statue of himself hasn
291. for me ah it's it's but you see the planes as well i don't think they're very healthy are they? mm mm yeah well that's i noticed our plane big plane all the planes and every single seat was taken oh right so yeah it's finnair they did it finnair yeah because it was are they alright finnair? are they like ryanair
292. ah it's it's but you see the planes as well i don't think they're very healthy are they? mm mm yeah well that's i noticed our plane big plane all the planes and every single seat was taken oh right so yeah it's finnair they did it finnair yeah because it was are they alright finnair? are they like ryanair? well
293. the prices and often yeah you just say this is the lowest yeah and how far is it from finland to then? it's over three thousand miles is it? so we fly on the small plane yeah hundred seater erm from us to yeah and then take one to oh right so you can't get direct? no and it is for everybody you know you have to go via it's
294. would have thought yeah i mean you can go for sixty something pound weren't it for the car ferry? and that's return isn't it? yeah yeah so compared to catching a plane or whatnot anywhere cos i mean sixty quid just for one person on a cheap flight isn't it? yeah well it cost us more than that for the ferry to isle of wight oh
298. hot air balloon before? no i haven't i mean i think i might shit myself a tiny tiny bit shit my pants man would you? i hate flying so just being like up in a plane oh yeah of course but loose and just like the pos the possibility of like falling out of the plane at any point no i probably wouldn't do that if i were you no no which is
299. bit shit my pants man would you? i hate flying so just being like up in a plane oh yeah of course but loose and just like the pos the possibility of like falling out of the plane at any point no i probably wouldn't do that if i were you no no which is why i will not be throwing myself out of any planes i mean i would quite like to go to on
301. flight on the oh yeah and we could see lightning at the window and we were like above lightning clouds and they were all which is pretty amazing lighting up yeah yeah i saw some great things from that plane cos on the way over to america mm via iceland we saw like greenland from above yeah and it was amazing it was a pretty exciting plane trip yeah and then erm yeah all the stormy weather although
306. been a crash i thought it was a car crash well i could see smoke in the distance and i thought oh m surely that's not it cos that's really bad was it that plane? yeah it was it was the plane was it that plane? was it? yeah was it? oh of course the the jet that had come down oh and it was erm they'd cord
307. car crash well i could see smoke in the distance and i thought oh m surely that's not it cos that's really bad was it that plane? yeah it was it was the plane was it that plane? was it? yeah was it? oh of course the the jet that had come down oh and it was erm they'd cordoned off the area and i was driving
308. could see smoke in the distance and i thought oh m surely that's not it cos that's really bad was it that plane? yeah it was it was the plane was it that plane? was it? yeah was it? oh of course the the jet that had come down oh and it was erm they'd cordoned off the area and i was driving and driving and everywhere
310. you know you go to you're near it's down to the sea he's really near to devon does his friends have cars? probably right? hope not did you hear about this plane crash? what plane crash? on a passenger plane crashed over the alps killing all on board and a few british people what's this book? hands off i haven't read it yet surprising i
311. to you're near it's down to the sea he's really near to devon does his friends have cars? probably right? hope not did you hear about this plane crash? what plane crash? on a passenger plane crashed over the alps killing all on board and a few british people what's this book? hands off i haven't read it yet surprising i didn't realise
315. because it's white but it ended up with a lot of quite deep grooves in it and i sanded it and what it really needed was planing well i haven't really got a plane so i didn't mm so it still looks quite sort of scratched but most of it you don't really see it because of the blind and the fact that it's now white instead of
324. in the morning erm there'd only been one person on the plane going over so i should explain this so granny and went to yeah you have you know that and did i explain why the plane er flies from to? yeah okay no what? because there's this er this pharmaceutical company called which is based in it's a big big big international company but they have also recently got a
333. roswell roswe or like who who was behind nine eleven? yes that's a good one george bush or okay or you could an even better one for that is was there a third plane which some people say there was was there a third tower? what where was the third plane? at the pentagon they say it hit the pentagon yeah where's richie gone? something but i don '
334. a good one george bush or okay or you could an even better one for that is was there a third plane which some people say there was was there a third tower? what where was the third plane? at the pentagon they say it hit the pentagon yeah where's richie gone? something but i don't understand what about the pentagon? there was a plan that went down just before it got
335. and they still they still haven't been to the planning offices or or spoken to anyone about what they can actually do with this land yeah i mean if it's just a er a flood plane what are they gonna do with it? if they buy it? well i mean it it would be nice to own a little bit of land and it generally goes up doesn't it? well i
340. right i suppose there were sheep farms but i don't remember them as being anything very special yes no no i do remember f having t to take a plane to get to sydney a little tiny plane oh right yes that was cos that was quite a long way away for us right er were you are you interested at all or have you read in in the past the works of nevil shute
341. ##rove but not tanks er er they they flew aeroplanes did they? yeah erm not not in combat but if you needed the the you had women er who were pilots and if they had a plane had to be flown from one airport er the to another one oh right they would give women er the they would put er they had well the er often the women pilots took them erm but they weren
343. it was thirty - five you said twenty twenty i alalways had a premonition is that what you said? that twenty twenty was gonna be the end of my life and it involves a plane so i've always said that since i've known you which is why cos that actually has become a thing just because i've saying it for years and i feel i can't
352. covering materials for a kit so that eh most of the ones i build now i build from kits mm hm or from made up almost ready to fly kits mm but you still have to put the tail plane on and the wings and put all the em the electronic the electrical components in it mm for instance the radio receiver and the servers and operate the flying services mm and the engine sounds like fun do you have
353. and take me down to the field and put me on a lead and to em to give me some flying lessons fantastic eventually he said go on push off on your own but don't break my plane do you take your planes over? no i no i or are you flying his? in in in effect what happened in the end was that the poor chap died oh and em i came to an
354. and em i came to an arrangement with his widow that i had his trainer and one or two bits and pieces and eh i bought some tools out there and other things i needed mm i kept his plane out there aw em but i did have a mishap with it in landing one of the wings hit a post and broke oops so i brought another model out there another trainer and b built it
356. i imagine it can't be too heavy can it? oh no the it's got to be light stuff so i i got this wing out there within my mm hm weight allowance so the plane's still flying and i've got a spare one it's a good job you've got the hobby of buying model aeroplanes and not sailing boats yeah but em he had another customer
357. the limiting factor is how far you can see how far you can see yeah and as you can imagine if you've watched any even real sized flying mm em the attitude of a co of a plane can be very disorientating mm hm and you can really not be too certain whether it's coming towards you or going away from you mm hm em you and if if if you get it
368. ? and he says that vinton's designed the actually jet pack that made in james bond it was in it was in one of the early ones james bond girls or wasn't it a plane? from russia with love no the little plane was the the little plane was the one with the heli rotor what are they called? that one the gyrocopter gyrocopter
369. designed the actually jet pack that made in james bond it was in it was in one of the early ones james bond girls or wasn't it a plane? from russia with love no the little plane was the the little plane was the one with the heli rotor what are they called? that one the gyrocopter gyrocopter the gyrocopter he made that
370. that made in james bond it was in it was in one of the early ones james bond girls or wasn't it a plane? from russia with love no the little plane was the the little plane was the one with the heli rotor what are they called? that one the gyrocopter gyrocopter the gyrocopter he made that one oh i've
377. it's mm absolutely but the fare is ninety - four each uhu i like train travelling don't you? mm easier isn't it? mm it is it's easier than plane isn't it? mm mind you though what? don't always get a seat do you? no and you see them crowded aren't they some of them well yeah mm mm i would
379. ##v oh right and then the italian mm eurostar services but you'll go by plane will you? it's probably it's likely yes mm i might try the train going and the plane coming back but mm i'm i think the train both ways would be just a bit tricky because mm some sad reason really there seems to be a bit of tension between the french railway operator and the
383. to look at this demonstration and erm the american ambassador and two american generals and people from the er god general motors? no general electric oh the tank builders and okay whatever yeah yeah were in the plane going back to islamabad oh okay to sort of talk about the deal yeah yeah and the plane crashed on take off and killed everybody on board god yeah i do remember something about that yeah and on the same
384. the er god general motors? no general electric oh the tank builders and okay whatever yeah yeah were in the plane going back to islamabad oh okay to sort of talk about the deal yeah yeah and the plane crashed on take off and killed everybody on board god yeah i do remember something about that yeah and on the same day that it crashed george bush was made nominated for presidential candidate yeah in america yeah on exactly
385. enough it it's quite good i i quite like it i think a lot of people at the time were like god you know ugly ridiculous bit of metal rusty and horrible you know looks like a plane has crashed in the side you know and people didn't really like it but i think people have grown to to like it a bit more it was very different i think and really unusual there's
386. atom bomb i don't know how he could do it i saw some pictures of it this morning in the daily mail it just he got he were held at like knife point we never watched the plane video yeah i'll see if i can find it it might've been removed by now yeah probably will've been it is so bad i couldn't believe but like them guys who blew
391. mm why i don't know cos that's quite far from the motorway as well but i guess they had more flights mm erm so now they just do i guess they do private plane maybe they do lessons there but they do parachuting there's always people er on a friday you see them floating down well mm if that's something you haven't done do it para
402. kind of but you don't know anything about it that's the whole point that's like so you get split up and transported i think that's far worse than going on a plane or a boat i suppose it is yeah if they didn't put you back together again properly although there was er there was er in deep trouble there was an episode where er two people got muddled
405. in the eighties ninety early eighties right and these were really old aeroplanes then and it was down at and it's the first time i'd ever flown ever not even been in a big plane mm and it's etched in my memory and erm when went flying with cadets we were talking about i said oh i remember my first trip blah blah blah yeah and erm when you you get
406. said and i will show you my little three eight two so i pulled this book out and i was looking at all the different this and i j and i just said i wonder what happened to that plane yeah i wonder if it got scrapped cos they all got scrapped in the in the mid - nineties they retired them all sold them all off privately right so i knew that much so i wonder if
407. email him so i emailed him said oh you you probably think it's a bit weird yeah mail you know emailing you out the blue but i flew your bu your you're your plane that you've still got yeah dah de dah de dah blah blah blah and i said i'd love to see some pictures if you've got a picture of it that '
408. yeah but i think he got the impression i was a pilot cos the way he was talking to he's ai he was an ex - navy oh right cos you said i flew your plane i i flew in the plane it was my first flight yeah was in your plane i think he thought i actually flew it yeah he said you'll have to come over when you come over you can
409. the impression i was a pilot cos the way he was talking to he's ai he was an ex - navy oh right cos you said i flew your plane i i flew in the plane it was my first flight yeah was in your plane i think he thought i actually flew it yeah he said you'll have to come over when you come over you can take her up and i don
410. he was talking to he's ai he was an ex - navy oh right cos you said i flew your plane i i flew in the plane it was my first flight yeah was in your plane i think he thought i actually flew it yeah he said you'll have to come over when you come over you can take her up and i don't yeah which which do you press to start
411. left he presented that to the squadron right and it was he'd got it commissioned it was an original oil painting yeah of a chipmunk in flight and the bloody serial number on his er plane is the same plane wow how weird is that? it was spooky wasn't it? like yeah that's that's the plane i thought you were going say that then got a
412. to the squadron right and it was he'd got it commissioned it was an original oil painting yeah of a chipmunk in flight and the bloody serial number on his er plane is the same plane wow how weird is that? it was spooky wasn't it? like yeah that's that's the plane i thought you were going say that then got a looked and his first
413. flight and the bloody serial number on his er plane is the same plane wow how weird is that? it was spooky wasn't it? like yeah that's that's the plane i thought you were going say that then got a looked and his first flight was the same was the same one as it had ended up being somewhere and yeah no yeah you had told me no you hadn
414. side i was the other so we both had a window mm yeah erm but yeah it was incredible mm we were like yeah no i know it was canvas thing wasn't it? yeah by plane mm that was it was pretty amazing we was going home weren't we? and they leapt out last flight of the day we'll do it cheaper if you want to do it yeah yeah but
415. they're dealing with someone who is trading into america or something fine mm they can get in touch with authorities yeah and say look out for this you know yeah like a bit yeah exactly this this plane or something it's you know it's snakes on a plane or yeah that sort of a thing yeah exactly and and sometimes something gets done about it yeah yeah erm so there was a big
416. mm they can get in touch with authorities yeah and say look out for this you know yeah like a bit yeah exactly this this plane or something it's you know it's snakes on a plane or yeah that sort of a thing yeah exactly and and sometimes something gets done about it yeah yeah erm so there was a big big erm er mainly reptile dealer called who was caught by er
417. a a cathode ray tube yeah you're right that we needed a new one no it was really good erm we could see if the we could see what's happening with the plane crash we could my new obsession so when have you got to have? when are you having supper with? when's your fish? erm probably about ten oh that's late oh very very
418. planes and trains everybody they drive themselves accepts that you have the driver there but they don't do anything nobody's questioned that yeah yeah even though they've got five hundred people in a plane nobody questions the fact that it's on autopilot for the vast majority of that flight but cars we're all like oh oh well this is something new they're paranoid about that aren
420. re driving dangerously? it'll be too late you'll have crashed yeah well they they don't have drivers i i just think we look at it differently though on like a train or plane yes yeah yeah you just the train is just okay it might be sort of thing coming the other way well it's a straight line as well yeah up in the sky you don't know what
421. airport then it must be pretty terrifying well mu an airport yeah that's yeah but yet they say planes pass each other very close in the sky yes oh yeah you can't see the next plane no no but to a pilot yes he knows where they are and they're fast as well that's the other thing you forget yeah they are yeah yes yeah that they're going incredibly fast
422. i mean you read occasionally about pilots having to take evasive action don't you because something's come too close yes but that's all automatic now apparently yeah they have boxes in each plane i forget what they're called and actually it's no longer the pilots that do it because there were too many errors if they had to decide to go up or down to avoid the plane what
423. plane i forget what they're called and actually it's no longer the pilots that do it because there were too many errors if they had to decide to go up or down to avoid the plane what if they both decided to go up? yes like that doesn't work so now yeah they've got one box talking to the other and they can decide instantaneously mm we're
424. big these planes huge i know they're yeah they can't get that close one behind the other because apparently yeah the turbulence behind these huge jumbo jets is so big that a smaller lighter plane could be sucked into it taken it down yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and crash they they actually have a special call sign like heavy these big planes and nothing can go within about three miles behind it yeah yeah
426. ' t they? you don't just when er when it takes them cos they go high enough don't they for for jets to fly into them? mm yeah did you see that plane in taipei? another one that another one crashed the vi the video i haven't seen the video no i'm like jesus it's on facebook like the dashcam the er dashboard camera in
427. ' m like jesus it's on facebook like the dashcam the er dashboard camera in someone's car they're going along like the freeway or the highway or whatever and you see the plane coming in from the top left of the screen the one that crashed? and it's like side it's like sideways on it's coming through the skyscrapers and then the win takes out
428. red from here what colour's that one? purple this one? yyyyellow yep car yeah well it's not really a car it's more of a train no plane a train do that that's a train too pink train pink pink yeah shush don't tell everybody now now pink shush it's a secret good girl secret don't tell people
429. ? yeah oh right and i lived with her er two years ago i thought she was just she was british and was living there no no bahnhof yeah bahnhof and fl das flug is is plane oh bahn is train das bahnhof bahn das bahnhof radiergummi eraser like rubber radiergummi rathaus is town hall rathaus oh that's good i like that is i
430. ' t get out last year cos they were too big and i want to go to and i want to buy yeah a double duvet am i gonna get all this in one case? a plane kit you won't get a double duvet in are you? well if it if it's already if it's in the packaging you don't take it out the packaging it '
431. what's he doing? oh he's being filmed is he preaching? mm yeah now there's no need to walk so fast doesn't really look like a rapper there's plane taking off there look there's a plane taking off that's gonna be loud ready? we're about to start the path and go mm you might get tired i might get tired yes we
432. s being filmed is he preaching? mm yeah now there's no need to walk so fast doesn't really look like a rapper there's plane taking off there look there's a plane taking off that's gonna be loud ready? we're about to start the path and go mm you might get tired i might get tired yes we'll see cos this it's
435. you imagine that wind force? hmm mm coming past hmm i mean cos it's so high and when you when you hit it when that hit you mm that buff at you like like a plane in the mm in the in the yeah turbulence yeah turbulence yeah turbulence that's what it is that's the word i was looking for and that's when people mm i don't know
436. like a runway otherwise they won't take to it really? yeah so that that bit of branch hanging down there is probably stopping one from moving in oh i see because they come in like a plane and they need well i could get oh it's just too high isn't it? yeah you need the ladder what you reckon that branch is stopping their runway? huh? just that little one
441. but even by pla you know obviously plane food is cheers thank you always a bit shit but it was really bad and then but ootherwise the plane was really nice it was a nice plane yeah and it was it was quite spacious it had those new it had those new new windows? the new windows yeah yeah where it was like what are the new windows? the windows and i and i
447. yeah yesterday i was speaking to my friend erm who's a pilot and i was like i'm coming to valencia and he was like i'm in a i'm in a plane right now and he sent me some photos from the plane oh really oh god and i was like careful like are you allowed to be on whatsapp and like drive a plane at the same time concentrate
448. ' s a pilot and i was like i'm coming to valencia and he was like i'm in a i'm in a plane right now and he sent me some photos from the plane oh really oh god and i was like careful like are you allowed to be on whatsapp and like drive a plane at the same time concentrate on the sky yeah and so he he was sending me
449. ' m in a plane right now and he sent me some photos from the plane oh really oh god and i was like careful like are you allowed to be on whatsapp and like drive a plane at the same time concentrate on the sky yeah and so he he was sending me and i was like that doesn't look like valencia and he was like no it's not what from above?
451. in germany or something he goes oh yeah i i can get tickets like i've got you know mates in the sponsorship or whatever erm and i i'll just charter out of a private plane do you wanna go? and like within a couple of hours they'd gone to the airport hired out a private jet flew to i dunno munich or something what? and went to the champions league
455. they only released that i think just before christmas or over christmas how it went down or wwhy it went down and i asked i was like is there any any circumstances a turbulence can bring a plane down? and he was like no pretty much there isn't no planes are designed to cope with it so yeah you might get it really bad but turbulence can't take a plane out of the
456. bring a plane down? and he was like no pretty much there isn't no planes are designed to cope with it so yeah you might get it really bad but turbulence can't take a plane out of the sky iit always feels so weird yeah it's like so against our bei thithinking isn't it? and always said to me like she was like if a plane crashes
457. plane out of the sky iit always feels so weird yeah it's like so against our bei thithinking isn't it? and always said to me like she was like if a plane crashes it doesn't just like a plane doesn't just fall out of the sky it would do this yeah and that made me feel a bit better cos i just imagined it going like yeah
458. so weird yeah it's like so against our bei thithinking isn't it? and always said to me like she was like if a plane crashes it doesn't just like a plane doesn't just fall out of the sky it would do this yeah and that made me feel a bit better cos i just imagined it going like yeah yeah so i guess er the thing but still
459. not and i was really to be honest i was scared about flying over like we had to fly over iraq and everywhere and i was like that's when i freaked out because they did bring a plane down it must be near the seychelles then cos the seychelles is around here i think yeah cos that's where my uncle's from wow so how many erm? it's not
461. ' re sick of it and sick of it yeah so now i wanna you know absolutely sick of it ag agent doodle pants do you know what i mean? mm and sort of jumping of a plane with a machine gun or a it's like children's novels the spy who can redraw his redraw his dougal plane yeah i've just thought of a character yeah doug
462. i mean? mm and sort of jumping of a plane with a machine gun or a it's like children's novels the spy who can redraw his redraw his dougal plane yeah i've just thought of a character yeah dougal just just write a kids'book agent yeah agent doodle pants think of a and he like he and he has penny crayon but
470. mechanical failure cos they told us on the plane mm that s a part had failed all these lights had gone on in the cockpit and they were flying a part in from sydney yeah to repair the plane and then by the time we'd landed in dubai they said well there's no compensation it's d it was due to bad weather i said it wasn't due to bad weather no
474. seemed to be that it wasn't sort of over the top and ridiculous enough so it sort of depends what you want in a film i suppose yeah mm like the only ridiculous bit was a fl plane flew through a building and then it actually broke so i mean that shit but anyway if you're going to this party well and most fights on rooftops all that kind of running along with that '
475. oh so when you go in a submarine? your blood do you think you'd have to decom no er yeah well er well you have to be pressurised something oh like in a plane? like in a plane to be in a submarine don't you? yeah so that's when the divers are going if they've been down for hours they have to go into a deco
476. in a submarine? your blood do you think you'd have to decom no er yeah well er well you have to be pressurised something oh like in a plane? like in a plane to be in a submarine don't you? yeah so that's when the divers are going if they've been down for hours they have to go into a decompression unit oh
477. if i'd go in a submarine yeah but i mean it'd be very cramped and suffocating wouldn't it? yeah like you'd think that you would be in a plane but in a plane it's not bad but in like a submarine you you're like surrounded by water it's like pressing in well iif if you let your imagination get carried away i
478. go in a submarine yeah but i mean it'd be very cramped and suffocating wouldn't it? yeah like you'd think that you would be in a plane but in a plane it's not bad but in like a submarine you you're like surrounded by water it's like pressing in well iif if you let your imagination get carried away i suppose than what we
479. like surrounded by water it's like pressing in well iif if you let your imagination get carried away i suppose than what we have done the thing is in a submarine they joi in a plane you just go off for a couple of hours but they spend months oh on a submarine don't they? i know then it's all that horrible and metal isn't it and like it

