Cluster 1
0. that like garbage can get in if it ' s technically okay mm but it ' s not gonna sell so it ' s sort of self correcting right and another thing with brilliant demonstration of the market system or something is that if you do a pic if you take a picture of a beautiful sunset then people just start voting for that i i don ' t get it could probably learn something about the marketing of
1. ##t but yeah all the like they all sort of group together the workers yeah yeah no it was more than that because like it was just people felt run down yeah they felt like that as though the system had screwed them over that ' s fair enough yeah that ' s cool yeah sort of like that ' s why they blew up the credit card companies oh yeah yeah cos they were sick of er when
4. the study oh yeah yeah as a way of getting your feet that ' s true yeah in the country and then disappearing yeah that ' s just it yeah which is mm well yeah mm people abused the system didn ' t they absolutely er er school owners and students yeah were oh yeah school owners particularly mm mm mm mm to be honest with you mm mm mm i wonder so fio um looking for some research
5. to have a bloke living in like that didn ' t we? who? oh yeah yeah yeah and er yes he knew how to god he knew how to do the benefits thing do the system mm he really did mind you when he failed in the end he hung himself he did oh really? yeah yeah yeah which was a shame cos really mm he was a nice bloke weren '
6. hung himself he did oh really? yeah yeah yeah which was a shame cos really mm he was a nice bloke weren ' t he? mm mm and but the thing about the benefits system is there ' s a book about that thick by about that big closely written all the rules and regulations yeah and if you could be bothered yeah and you read up all these rules and regulations you ' d
7. monday of this week mm so the private insurance she ' s been enjoying has gone no longer exists so now she ' s got to go through either pay for it or go through the nhs the nhs system when she ' s kind of halfway through oh what a sha why ' s he i know changed his job? i don ' t know i don ' t i don ' t know i i haven '
8. like most people are taxed whatever it is twenty - five percent or twenty percent or i can ' t even remember yeah i mean the problem is it ' s like it ' s like a big system isn ' t it the the government and you know the people are sort of a bit confused sometimes as to where the money ' s going and how efficiently it ' s being used thirty percent yeah but a
9. tax a lot of them but it ' s more complicated though because well i mean it ' s a bit like uh you know if you wanna britain and america that the so - called anglo - saxon system was to be more liberal and like lower the tax and like um allow the f the free business whereas european models who are like germany and france would do uh more supposedly more like statey yeah and more
15. watched it for once and it was really good it was like whoa shit like what what did it say? it was like matrix style like we ' re all just like following rules in this massive big system was that the is that the one with the big voiceover? it ' s yeah i watched it today it was so epic cos people have been like posting it and stuff it ' s been around
17. have enough absolutely fine well that ' s um so that ' s certainly how australia do it isn ' t it is it? and er and they only let you in based on um a numbering er system tut oh yeah yeah i remember you saying now and um if you ' ve got a particularly s particular skill that they need then they let you in automatically don ' t have to you know i don
20. certain crossovers like there are mm some esoteric something like that schools of christianity mystical yeah which are more kind of erm based around less based around kind of er certain type of morali moral system and more based around like mystical inner experiences or you know looking for god inside yourself i know that that concept is in religion as well but it ' s like erm just a different emphasis you know?
22. trying to shut that down? yeah they are but that what? it ' s basically not but it ' s a good cos no one ' s signed up to it it ' s a good system no people did m loads of people did erm they don ' t want universal healthcare the americans yeah there are s a lot of americans who do that ' s that ' s what the republicans want you
24. considerably more than they would do doing a er minimum wage job mm and of course they don ' t pay taxes and but they still qualify they they qualify for benefits they still get benefits seems a crazy system to me but hey what do i know? well with a minimum wage job not being able to pay er for a living not to be ab not is huh not being a living wage i ' m not
25. didn ' t find anything on the car no evidence of an explosive device how the hell can they say he he he did it? well it ' s crazy then they u mind you the french judicial system is well they ' re a bit funny isn ' t it yeah yeah and also w what ' s worse for is that they ' ve taken cos obviously they questioned her before she ' d seen her
26. is it the judge? or no i suspect it ' d be a judge really? cos that ' s usually what happens here but that ' s france and i don ' t know what the system is there hm but that ' s terrible poor girl so she ' s what now? eighteen now? nineteen nineteen is she still in france? yep has she got other relatives? um not outside of russia
27. honest that ' s probably the wrong word to use but it seems whether we look at our judiciary through rose - tinted spectacles or not i don ' t know but it seems to me that our system is fairer and less open to corruption mm than many others hm but huh i just no i ' ve heard the french legal system criticized before mm but i don ' t know upon mm what grounds i
28. not i don ' t know but it seems to me that our system is fairer and less open to corruption mm than many others hm but huh i just no i ' ve heard the french legal system criticized before mm but i don ' t know upon mm what grounds i don ' t know enough about it i think it is because um the police have no involvement other than the investigation and all the evidence
29. ' s what happens here judge the case oh i don ' t know about judge the case sorry i i don ' t know i just all i think all european judicial systems work on a very different system to ours hm ow cat that hurts isn ' t it france that it ' s called the napoleonic code? i have no idea i think i ' m not absolutely sure i might look into it mm but
30. pounds they paid to the um pub bombers when they decided that they weren ' t guilty o at all mm and they ' d spent god knows how long in prison but again it ' s the french system and i don ' t understand how it works mm i ' m beginning to wonder whether the french know how it works i just find that appalling that they can do that easy tiger shh she
31. need a laptop i ' ve got a smartphone now oh of course i ' d forgotten all about that it would never occur to me to use a phone for that what would it be? french justice system? um or penal code? i or? oo french justice system i guess mm but huh it ' s i ' m looking for aren ' t i no no it doesn ' t actually say just
32. ' d forgotten all about that it would never occur to me to use a phone for that what would it be? french justice system? um or penal code? i or? oo french justice system i guess mm but huh it ' s i ' m looking for aren ' t i no no it doesn ' t actually say just gives the basic reference to napoleon and napoleonic oh that ' s interesting napoleon
33. actually say just gives the basic reference to napoleon and napoleonic oh that ' s interesting napoleon is a gold twenty franc piece or a nineteenth century high boot okay unlike english - speaking countries which use the system of common law france has a system of civil law whatever that means yeah how do you? mm oh common law systems have evolved over the ages civil law systems are largely based on a code of law w
34. to napoleon and napoleonic oh that ' s interesting napoleon is a gold twenty franc piece or a nineteenth century high boot okay unlike english - speaking countries which use the system of common law france has a system of civil law whatever that means yeah how do you? mm oh common law systems have evolved over the ages civil law systems are largely based on a code of law w which means what? i don '
35. doesn ' t really explain what this code is uh no i think you ' d have to do a lot more investigation but you ' re right about napoleon though it says um the basis of the legal system is laid out in a document knowed as known as the civil code er or the napoleonic code mm i knew there was something about napoleon in it there are other codes including the penal code which defines criminal
36. and one for penal oh i don ' t know jeepers yeah it ' s ridiculous a systematic collection of statutes a body of laws so arranged as to avoid inconsistency and overlapping well that system would seem to overlap cos you ' re doing the same two different uh two different hearings that cover pretty much the same evidence but then when you think all crimes go through our magistrates ' courts all crimes
37. i don ' t know i have no idea how you ' d look up what the process of i ' ve no idea either the the whole judgement process i suppose you could google the er french judicial system that would give you some information ah the judicial system mhm as opposed to the legal system of course yeah mm pardon me but you ' d want it specifically for france because they ' re all so different
38. you ' d look up what the process of i ' ve no idea either the the whole judgement process i suppose you could google the er french judicial system that would give you some information ah the judicial system mhm as opposed to the legal system of course yeah mm pardon me but you ' d want it specifically for france because they ' re all so different french judic fren it ' s just i
39. of i ' ve no idea either the the whole judgement process i suppose you could google the er french judicial system that would give you some information ah the judicial system mhm as opposed to the legal system of course yeah mm pardon me but you ' d want it specifically for france because they ' re all so different french judic fren it ' s just i don ' t think so oh it '
41. training first mm and then studied it thinking that would help you know to make the contacts yeah as you say networks and everything well i have excellent contacts but it yeah but it doesn ' t change the system and help it work that ' s all right he ' s he ' s lucky right he he ' s come up from u er u acting mm he ' s they know the industry mm yeah and er
42. grandmother for for the but also yeah yeah yeah they ' d do anything to make quid yeah i mean the thing is is that you know you you know in the back of your sort of financial system you ' ve always got this house yeah set down haven ' t you? yeah we have if the worst come to the worst you could trade down yeah i mean it would be a lot of work and
43. fire you ' re on the premises premises yes i know i said so you ' ve gotta you ' ve gotta but i think it ' s quite a deal with that it ' s quite a poor system if that ' s your really it is that they can just walk out and nobody had noticed mm which nobody did nobody did phone me cos they did it before didn ' t they? they come home
44. was playing doubles and they only last i think they only got they play four sets and won two games the other two were really good he said mum i played a one point two you know the ranking system? yeah that was from ten down to one ' s now a seven two andy murray ' s a one point one the there ' s about right there ' s a lot of people at one point one
45. killing labour mps that way this is why you know in the seventies they had to drag them in yes yes for votes because she refused pairing at one point not long after she became a leader a pairing system and of course if you have i never quite understand and this what the pairing system is pairing is if if an mp cannot come because of other commitments there would be an equivalent mp on the opposite side of
46. drag them in yes yes for votes because she refused pairing at one point not long after she became a leader a pairing system and of course if you have i never quite understand and this what the pairing system is pairing is if if an mp cannot come because of other commitments there would be an equivalent mp on the opposite side of the house who would also stay away oh okay so you would have you would still
49. is just greed we ' re just following the american model well they don ' t thing is that they don ' t they don ' t think of the erm the rest of europe have a welfare system like ours no which erm erm exceedingly erm irksome mm but we do spend quite a large chunk of our taxes on war quite a large chunk the majority of the money goes on
53. at the moment still for the time being you have to join as a pc but isn ' t there some acceleration? ye yes thereafter? but at the moment even under the sort of erm elite system of yeah aaccelerated promotion you still have to join as a pc but you are expected to do it for less time? you are expected to get to inspector after four five years or something like
54. it is didn ' t act on it did he? no i think and a lack of education is why we we have left europe but i think it ' s it ' s not just the education system it ' s our attitude towards it as a as a country yeah like you know teachers aren ' t respected oh you ' re clever not respected erm professionally people don ' t want to find out things
55. going on they ' re excited they know about the candidates they they know what they stand for and you know they have their own opinions on the economy on erm things like the you know the prison system and things like that have and that ' s just completely absent from from our society i feel you know you go out you you you know this when the bbc do these erm sort of talk to pass
56. justice secretary with a degree in english and fine there ' s nothing wrong with a degree in english but i can ' t imagine he knew you know very much about the intricacies about a legal system they rely on advisors don ' t they? well i they they do but what why put someone in that position who doesn ' t know about it? you know you should be the most because they '
57. did all the bond books and er you know because he got into mm er school which is a boys ' grammar erm and then he just sits down and and has been out of the the educational system for some years mm and then just sits down do one of these test without doing i mean it ' s about the technique of doing it as well absolutely yeah exam skills and about you know it ' s
58. yeah nice to work it out yeah exactly so you ' ve got and i think like when we were used to other stuff before they changed it though like we ' d have been used to the old system of weighing things and you could ' ve said ah well i think people are just intrinsically used to it but no but i mean because a mile ' s bigger i think it ' s a better unit
60. generation of kids who are growing up who haven ' t got the quite the quite the er erm they haven ' t been taught you ' ve got to work at something yeah yeah the the education system now is almost about you do the work the day before and you pass it that day you don ' t have to study yeah definitely definitely and really work and go over the same subject what what most surprised
73. mean i do feel awful to him but that must be fairly hard for you to put up with all the time innit? yeah you work round it people do say that but you get in a system you know you get used to you know erm you just sort of work around him you know you get used to he know he trusts me if his mum come round to see him he don ' t
76. you ' re living there but you don ' t sell it as such it ' s you don ' t have the money from it you just move to another house so you apply that ' s the system that i ' m kind of imagining to a certain degree so the house this would still be yours and if you wanted to live here for you know forever you can do that but if you decide well you
77. do that can ' t you now? you can yeah to a certain degree i wouldn ' t i wouldn ' t wanna leave somebody in my house back but i ' m talking about an all encompassing system for everybody yeah where everyone and then maintenance is kind of more of an external thing you don ' t need if something breaks in your house if effectively it just comes out of taxes if you ' re like
81. you need yeah you need to go deeper yeah i mean cos they ' re not going to teach you the stuff that you want to know anyway they ' re only going to teach you how the system works but i was just thinking how you could no yeah but at university it becomes a bit more they g they like to give you a rounded opinion most of the time well it depends which lecturers you
82. like that you don ' t research the lecturers that are going to be teaching you yeah no that ' s very important it ' s very yeah cos even the universities teach you like how the system works but you can come out of university and still not be able to like critically view it mm or have an alternative but yeah well like my res especially scientific things like that yeah my research that i did
83. between teacher and student between there was all these different kinds of hierarchies yeah and then there ' s your place in society and what you must do it ' s kind of like a caste system affectively but it ' s like through peers and through youe your people that are above you yeah so they believe that you know if if a teacher tells them stay there well they they honestly believe that
87. you are guilty of this and this is your punishment let ' s say ten years in prison then we don ' t have the right to impose or turn a blind eye to further abuse in the prison system because the prison itself is supposed to be punishment so yeah to me that ' s really wrong it ' s ethically questionable i don ' t i ' m not making excuses for these people i yeah but
88. in the last two years and yeah i would have thought it was a combination of those two things less staff but also more abuse yeah absolutely i i but i think you ' re right that the prison system is is flawed mm that there needs to be needs to be another way of doing this and the other thing cos you know my dad works in erm a prison yeah that you know you sometimes question
89. releases so yes and the reoffending rate is is really high very very high yes so it doesn ' t take a rocket scientist to work out that unless we build more prisons this this this whole system is gonna crumble yeah it ' s gonna it ' s gonna everything is going to come to a head and also the prisons we ' ve got are very very old now as well and some of them
90. government need to invest heavily in someone needs to invest exactly all of this needs building new prisons in the right places yes absolutely not only building new prisons but also thinking about strategies and alternatives to this prison system so yes yeah this is another problem so i don ' t know you bring in trainers er plumbers i don ' t know trained plumbers that can that can train these guys on mm but you could
91. what happens on release no true and if you ' re releasing someone with no money behind them and no support it it ' s kind of obvious what ' s going to happen next yeah i mean the system needs to allow these people to reintegrate into society and if we complain about reoffending rates you know this is certainly going to be a contributing and contributory factor to that yeah erm but
92. it ' s the it ' s the people at the bottom of the rung that wind up paying erm you know pa basically contributing most to government revenue because they don ' t understand the tax system they don ' t have these the the the ways and means to avoid erm to legally avoid paying tax and they can ' t sit down with with erm hmrc and say okay look we '
94. to have collective responsibility you have to foster the culture of collaboration and trust well how are you gonna do that if you ' ve got such a you have to have shared visions and goals top down management system? well no you ' ve got to listen to people erm this all sounds very idealistic you have to aim at consistency of quality so that you can create a brand a real brand but what was
95. ' t go along there saying wouldn ' t it be better if you tried this? or have seen such and such? and that ' s helped a lot in certain situa as as the old system did you know the old hmi system did and er you know in other words be positive yes offer offer solutions not just yeah offer an analysis of the problems yeah this is your problem yeah mm and you
96. t it be better if you tried this? or have seen such and such? and that ' s helped a lot in certain situa as as the old system did you know the old hmi system did and er you know in other words be positive yes offer offer solutions not just yeah offer an analysis of the problems yeah this is your problem yeah mm and you ' re gonna get this now because what
98. he ' ll he ' ll fill in any gaps he will he ' s brilliant ain ' t he? mm but erm so it it i it ' s intriguing really as to why the education system eighteen seventy there was the education act yes and they had to do it then but er did they have to pay for it? pay sorry? didn ' t they have to pay? oh yes it wasn
99. going to barbados erm so i expect so many of these stories are gonna come out when he dies are they? well i imagine so you think so well it makes a mockery of of the system doesn ' t it? the queen ' s been giving all these honours to people like jimmy saville archer jeffery archer he should have been stripped of his honours he went to prison how can you be
100. to a certain extent it happens in china as well but not to such a great extent because they don ' t base all their celebrations on alcohol like we do and they ' re also the family value system is they they try and maintain the this thing about harmony which is in my way of thinking just a facade well yeah it ' s it ' s just that ' s not value that you you consider pr
102. that allows erm it says and there are mustn ' t be any laws between the states that restrict trade mm mm but they ' ve taken them that to mean the negative which means the federal system can make laws because it ' s not a state right so they ' ve twisted the constitution in order to fit it in with socialist type ideas with which i obviously don ' t agree mm no so to
103. difficult to know what to believe really isn ' t it? it is one thing it certainly does is i i do think scotland is in a relatively strong position currently it ' s got a good welfare system it ' s more economically developed country erm they ' ve got the backing of erm about sixty million people within the scotland wales and england and northern ireland mm yes but i think the idea of independence
104. ' t it? on the one hand you ' ve got people from other countries in europe travelling into france and trying to get into england because we ' ve got from their point of view this fantastic system going with all the welfare care and all the national health et cetera risking their lives on the underside of a lorry to try to get in and on the other hand we ' ve got the scottish
105. will be a bit complicated and also the assets edinburgh technically parts of the network are run by the uk so mm mm don ' t know how that would work out because they already have a separate schooling system don ' t they? with the scottish highers instead of the a levels yes and they actually get their exam results two weeks yes before the a levels come out so they do they have a bit of
106. ##risy and the drug laws and and the pharmaceutical and if you think that it ' s wrong to take drugs just because it ' s illegal then perhaps have a look at the history of our legal system and er the ramifications of mm being a homosexual in the seventies of course yeah a lot of public opinion on that issue today yeah so what what are people gonna be thinking in the coming like years
107. s not the case any more at all? but now you don ' t have to spend it? no well we ' re probably they just keep the money yeah mm mm it ' s a funny system now isn ' t it? it is a weird system ' s in special measure really? mm ' s in special measures yeah er i can i c i can actually see if we go into special measures
108. you don ' t have to spend it? no well we ' re probably they just keep the money yeah mm mm it ' s a funny system now isn ' t it? it is a weird system ' s in special measure really? mm ' s in special measures yeah er i can i c i can actually see if we go into special measures will take over will she? yeah oh i can just
111. around the world speaks english so they don ' t feel no that they need to learn but it ' s just courteous isn ' t it we should you should like and it ' s the education system there ' s not enough teachers or that ' s the excuse they should that shouldn ' t prevail now there should be plenty of well polish and romanians to teach to learn well well certainly german
116. than it is a benefit because if acute trusts can get money out of it then they will take money and make money out of it because another level of complexity in getting your head back into the nhs system is although there is no secondary healthcare acute trust in this ccg are cos it ' s at mm yeah? what ' s happening in the changes in the health economy is foundation status for hospitals yeah
117. need to open the first one here i need the second one to be here i think because we ' re we get most of eighty percent of our patients eighty percent of our money and we understand this system this health economic system better but in the longer term if i wound on ten years it will change maybe five because in there ' s a brand new hospital called the institute the institute of something something brand new
118. first one here i need the second one to be here i think because we ' re we get most of eighty percent of our patients eighty percent of our money and we understand this system this health economic system better but in the longer term if i wound on ten years it will change maybe five because in there ' s a brand new hospital called the institute the institute of something something brand new massive private hospital has
120. say it it ' s like i write it with an s because i don ' t like z possibly that ' s the reason why they don ' t believe you rather than this is the accepted spelling system it ' s personally oh that would be a good word i can write it with an s british yeah yeah i like to write it with a z an s mm mm might be worth doing that anyway no
121. so i said she said cos my husband said would you like him to take you home? you know so i said well thanks that ' s very kind but i said i better not upset the system you know better just wait so she said go on then that wasn ' t it wasn ' t it kind though? i thought that was really cos people normally just mm cos they were fed up
123. facebook started mm that started at college basically mm okay and and everybody so that they tested an idea within one crowd and and within moments it had spread to all these other unis that wanted the same system so and of course there are others who like to be involved and think that they were there first erm so yes testing it within er a university crowd is probably a reasonable context and what what is it
126. happen i ' m gonna be learning a lot along the way and that ' s great cos i ' ve always wanted to do that i ' ve wanted to know how it works as a whole system yeah and i can actually start getting a better credit and credos by doing you know this is where i sit outside the box with a lot of these people they just do that i go away and
129. an arse whereas i look back and i think sometimes god i was really cruel to other people because i was suffering myself and so i was mean to other people because it ' s all a social system so you ' re being shat on from on high so you take it out on somebody else shit on someone else yeah which is really it ' s i mean that ' s when you learn that '
132. favour of that i mean we are lucky in our country cos we have the nhs which i st for so many years didn ' t realise that everyone didn ' t have their own yeah national health system i know and that obviously everyone ' s always complaining about it but it ' s actually free better health system and and yeah where we are now in america they don ' t have it no bang in trouble
133. so many years didn ' t realise that everyone didn ' t have their own yeah national health system i know and that obviously everyone ' s always complaining about it but it ' s actually free better health system and and yeah where we are now in america they don ' t have it no bang in trouble if you get ill here are they still in the middle of are they getting one? i dunno what
134. benefits well but i think the benefits should be less in that case course it should course it should for goodness sake that ' s the thing but that ' s when there ' s something wrong with the system and the other theory is that they ' re trying to do a population poll cos there are too many people mm so which i can actually believe we helping them well we ' re not so sure we
135. find that to be so horrendous mm and and i genuinely don ' t think it happens in england now of course it might happen sometimes but i think we ' ve got a really good system cos you have to be referred so you mm know how well i me and your friend please can you refer me to the cardiologist no yeah but honestly i think there ' s something wrong with
137. to get in with the culture and go and meet people yeah and things like that and it ' s the same thing living in a place like this that if you want to get to understand how the system works it helps to know how the locals go about it yeah yes yeah yeah absolutely er absolutely so and i mean i in some respects i i i have the privilege of erm if i do go to
139. must be going to disappear into the country and become oh right americ er mm and yeah a european citizen a european and illegal yeah in in mm yeah there was very much erm and the american system is very much that that undertone of erm so when are you leaving then? yeah yeah yeah show us your flight out of here yeah mm yeah yeah yeah whereas the canadians the the the difference with
141. i ' d i ' d need to take him to other things and do the social part of him it is weird sometimes when i think they it ' s so few hours every day in the irish system you think mm is it worth it? he ' s going in having to learn another language probably having to go through numbers and things that he ' s mm already done mm mm well he ' ll have
143. bit that i miss is the coaching and at one point i was actually doing some training for erm they s they always say that they ' ve got always say that they ' ve got a mentoring system for the new graduates coming in but in reality they haven ' t and they certainly don ' t give these people any training so i actually did some training for the managers and so which was lovely thank you
144. like this yeah you know i mean you can i mean these people just walk blindly they do you know their head is in the noose and you know one thing they can ' t kick against the system because they are rely they need the job yeah you know to get the income yeah and so that keeps them quiet that way and the other thing is is that the people who own these companies you know they
148. a little bit like there are similarities there are relations yeah so not only because of that but he is quite an unusual sixteen - year - old i ' ve met other children who grew up within that system and it ' s quite an alternative approach to development and education ' s son went to a steiner school really? so he ' s also a bit different isn ' t he? mm yeah yeah ee no
149. same for theirs was a also a dual language so it was english - dutch cool mm and they loved that and they liked that it wasn ' t just your average school yeah it ' s a great system erm and they in israel they make sure that at the end you there ' s a kind of diversion with the normal school curriculum and the normal school system so that you do end up qualified to go
150. average school yeah it ' s a great system erm and they in israel they make sure that at the end you there ' s a kind of diversion with the normal school curriculum and the normal school system so that you do end up qualified to go to university totally yeah well he went he ' s got doing maths at leiden mm leiden yeah i remember you saying but from what i i ' ve met
151. but they they ' re were vote elected so? it ' s ridiculous you know they were elected yeah it ' s not not it ' s not hezbollah is it? they represent a completely wrong value system a i whether they ' ve been elected or not you know? they are the same erm let ' s say er well we want group of people more or less that have been attacking america and europe
152. but they were jewish because of their jewish by religion well exactly i think so and i think i have the sense that it evolved into an ethnicity over time but originally it was kind of a religious belief system mm so they were they were all the same people in the same area of the land but there were dif there were jews and non - jews so it ' s an arab tribe with a particular religion
153. ##m i saw that but er i wasn ' t thinking greenwich mean time was anything well greenwich mean time i mean in fairness things were being measured in greenwich because the brits probably invented it created the system but well there you go so fair enough that ' s fair enough it doesn ' t mean we ' ve you know longitude we didn ' t ruin somebody ' s life for it was it? oh heck
154. doing some research with and he ' s been arguing like it ' s clts in the way it ' s so complicated mm they ' re that like and and like the whole the mechanics the planning system makes everything so complicated that you have to like make it your full time job if you wanna do like self - build council housing so but that ' s also what yeah sorry so yeah so he ' s
158. s just one little thing he said the guy who owns this is a bachelor er a celibataire mm which means that he ' s got no - one to leave it to and the french system is that if there ' s someone in that position whoever buys the property can do it one of two ways give him a cash settlement or give him a deposit and pay the balance as a life annuity
161. books in and out but at some stage it starts blocking you and says give us the money and i ' m sure that ' s how it will work because it ' s just an extension of that system then isn ' t it? right mm and i ' m sure that ' s the system they used to use sometimes they don ' t make you pay the the fine immediately do they? no well that
162. and i ' m sure that ' s how it will work because it ' s just an extension of that system then isn ' t it? right mm and i ' m sure that ' s the system they used to use sometimes they don ' t make you pay the the fine immediately do they? no well that ' s your choice you can either pay immediately or defer it yeah because erm i
167. bmw were fine cheating on their emissions slightly and that there were gonna be big repercussions for diesel cars but erm nobody was actually in this terrible situation of just lying cheating basically cheating the system yeah so the the thing was er erm they were set this task to meet the emissions levels that the americans wanted and all of the other car manufacturers came up with engineering solutions that cost a lot of
171. own right to produce stuff and that ' s what the want well you see a few years ago i was involved a project like this ah which was supposed to be about good governance and the criminal justice system and it was coordinated by a chap from er london who was also a fellow at in and erm i i ' m not saying that there weren ' t some valuable pieces done with each individual study
172. tax from your teachers ' pension to make up for it so where ' s the logic in that? it makes sense it ' s an relatively straight forward way of doing it the tax the income tax system in the country is not over complicated er the complications come in all the provisions and allowances and offsets and things around it so why won ' t they? why if it ' s taxable they
173. around paying tax on all their moneys erm the rest of us ex pay very much the same sort of tax my mother one of the reasons she went to australia was because she hated the tax system over here why? erm mainly because i think she didn ' t fully understand it ah and just thought it was unfair the tax that she paid on a fairly small income when she was working after my
176. it does have have they always done that? i don ' t know cos wha i ' m i mean the problem with her school is i think they assume that everyone knows how the school system works so course with first one i don ' t know how the school system works and i said to her teacher shouldn ' t we have been told they were having these sats tests? mm and she
177. ##s wha i ' m i mean the problem with her school is i think they assume that everyone knows how the school system works so course with first one i don ' t know how the school system works and i said to her teacher shouldn ' t we have been told they were having these sats tests? mm and she ' s like well we do make a point not to make a big deal
178. at home with him it ' s just bone idleness isn ' t it though? this is another thing people leave their entire care of their child and the education of the child down to the education system to the school and then they blame the school when they don ' t do very well or something yeah it ' s not you know you ' re the parent you ' re s you ' re you '
179. and a half i ' d really had enough had enough yes but i wanted to save up for the house so now you ' ve got it it was the quickest way to legally shortcut the system so oh was it? cos i didn ' t have to pay tax oh and that is what cripples you in this country yeah er your tax bill because it ' s not just the income
180. far east somewhere i think mm mm i remember when we i remember when we went to china by ourselves years ago up to when we went er they didn ' t have did they er had this communist system over there yeah and you were not welcome like oh right they didn ' t want you there dear so nobody went yes and when we went we were some of the first to go after all those oh that
181. coaches like mm who is actually doing level three isn ' t he? yeah but they ' ve been at it since the year dot but it ' s because the bcu ' s changed the entire system yeah yeah erm well i would imagine they ' d accept an level three equivalent because all of them have no got equivalents no there is only level three that ' s oh what i ' m saying
182. d accept an level three equivalent because all of them have no got equivalents no there is only level three that ' s oh what i ' m saying oh right okay it ' s a completely different system mm it ' s like u it ' s like baccalaureate and a levels yeah and so you can say well i haven ' t got a levels but i ' ve got baccalaureate and if people say the industry
186. mean i got to know it because of but the idea of kind of erm group over individual if you like mm came a came across quite strongly in some things like in their ed in their education system they were very strongly conditioned not to put themselves set themselves apart mm through any way you know through achievement for instance which you know is one of the main differences i i found that the family thing was very
187. like that there ' s no meritocracy you know if you ' re not rewarded for innovative behaviour that puts you apart from other people you know you ' re kind of supposed to serve the system and it ' s the o place where i ' ve seen it the strongest most strongest erm actually in practice and er left and went to america went to england to university partly for that reason i think
193. the stuff that like stupid because they end up giving people these pensions i suppose state pensions mm then people realise that they haven ' t got any money to do anything so they get fed back into the system and their care n you know they need care and stuff that the government yeah have to pay for and it ' s just like ridiculous it ' s it ' s a really stupid system and the people like
194. back into the system and their care n you know they need care and stuff that the government yeah have to pay for and it ' s just like ridiculous it ' s it ' s a really stupid system and the people like who doesn ' t spend anything can just hoards money like fucking the rothschilds it ' s like bank really ye every time i speak to dad it ' s just like just keeps
202. system find a mechanism to learn what they want the way they want to do it and so it becomes highly individualised and hints erm of great benefit to everybody who wants to be involved in that system it ' s an evolution but but er so er do you see that evolving in the context of our the existing way that education needs to be no delivered? not delivered what i mean is the the the
204. can ' t remember anyway it ' s part of china let ' s yeah let ' s not discuss politics mostly i mean yeah i mean if it is then fine but they should have like a federal system i mean there there are intellectuals who ' ve argued for a federal system mm and they ' ve been under house arrest for years now okay yeah i mean there are lots of people in china who would respect
205. yeah let ' s not discuss politics mostly i mean yeah i mean if it is then fine but they should have like a federal system i mean there there are intellectuals who ' ve argued for a federal system mm and they ' ve been under house arrest for years now okay yeah i mean there are lots of people in china who would respect it more you know er but the official line is it ' s you
210. really talk to me until it ' s like twentysomething just seriously i mean get to the age of four oh i ' ve got my child now i have to give it to the public school system which i don ' t think is a good education system at all and then they decide what my child learns and they decide and there ' s systems outside of that but you can ' t afford to privately
211. ##thing just seriously i mean get to the age of four oh i ' ve got my child now i have to give it to the public school system which i don ' t think is a good education system at all and then they decide what my child learns and they decide and there ' s systems outside of that but you can ' t afford to privately teach your children so why are you going into the education
212. all and then they decide what my child learns and they decide and there ' s systems outside of that but you can ' t afford to privately teach your children so why are you going into the education system then if you feel strongly about it? i feel strongly about every system why are you? so i mean i couldn ' t not oh i would change the education system through and through if i could but
213. ' s systems outside of that but you can ' t afford to privately teach your children so why are you going into the education system then if you feel strongly about it? i feel strongly about every system why are you? so i mean i couldn ' t not oh i would change the education system through and through if i could but i actually avoid a considerable amount of the rigmarole and bureaucratic
214. are you going into the education system then if you feel strongly about it? i feel strongly about every system why are you? so i mean i couldn ' t not oh i would change the education system through and through if i could but i actually avoid a considerable amount of the rigmarole and bureaucratic bullcrap yeah course you can can i close this window? it ' s alright i '
215. writing sentences at three and a half years old and you just yeah and it ' s almost like a race to how quickly your child can this is one of the main problems i have with the education system really is that we ' re we g we have this idea that you need to be at the peak of your education by the age of about eighteen and you need to know what ' s going on and
228. couple of midterms and they get half day wednesday week at easter usually half day weekends? we only get one midterm blimey i want to come and work in the irish education system yeah god they won ' t take the subjects seriously to bring in certain subjects they say they don ' t get very good pay teachers they get really good pay here really good it ' s not like the
231. quite ty typical of the logic that is in operation in a lot of schools oh tell me about it but em there were the reason i like teaching for me personally it ' s nothing no matter what system ' s in operation i still do me own thing mm and eh and if they don ' t like it they ' ll try and sort of some of the bully types will make some threats but with me
234. all forms of crow or carrion are just mm hm nasty vermin like creatures mm hm and i never really appreciated them and now i ' ve kind of done away with that out of date belief system i can really enjoy them starlings in particular are beautiful i remember at being in a hostel in new zealand and the woman who was running the hostel being delighted almost showing off telling me we get starlings
235. people just because they ' re in a position of power no you didn ' t no you didn ' t let me finish explaining okay go on yeah bec beca okay racism is a is a system and white people benefit from the system yeah you ' re right no matter who they are they benefit from the system you no that ' s generalising it okay yeah no no no no no no let me
236. a position of power no you didn ' t no you didn ' t let me finish explaining okay go on yeah bec beca okay racism is a is a system and white people benefit from the system yeah you ' re right no matter who they are they benefit from the system you no that ' s generalising it okay yeah no no no no no no let me let me finish let me finish speaking
237. me finish explaining okay go on yeah bec beca okay racism is a is a system and white people benefit from the system yeah you ' re right no matter who they are they benefit from the system you no that ' s generalising it okay yeah no no no no no no let me let me finish let me finish speaking yeah cracker yeah for example yeah even if you have even if you don
238. not dismissing anyone no but you ' re saying the whole not a single white person can be you you said the whole of white people have benefited no but no no no from from the racism erm system i guess yeah fine and you can ' t put that on all white people yeah no no er he ' s not saying that they benefited because they they they outwardly did it and wanted to benefit yeah
239. compare that ' s why you cannot compare because in the state of the united kingdom today the the state your your you only see racism as an instance racism is not an instance it ' s a historical system mm hm which is currently perpetuating negative stereotypes on people and enforcing behaviour which for for example like they did this experiment where they sent in cv ' s and they put gave one person a hispanic name
240. examples as you want no but no no no i agree with you but the thing is you you you why do you only see racism as one instance? it ' s not an instance racism is a system okay how about from a cos like legal standpoint okay erm ho firstly i agree with everything you say yes racism happens on such a massive scale no no but that that ' s what we disagree
241. history and no you seem to think that racism is an instance like something happened that ' s racist that ' s not necessarily true the reason i ' m arguing that racism happens because there ' s a system behind it like like if someone seems someone and doesn ' t like them or like someone like if if someone sees me and i lo and i and i and they look and i like maybe try to steal
242. females and that ' s the reason we ' re in this society it ' s perpetuated and females are paid less and de de de therefore sexism against males is not part of that systematic system of sexism? yeah yeah i think that ' s right i so would you guys not argue that sexism can happen to men? okay what give me an example of i think i think the exact
243. i ' ve got a better example that ' s not that ' s not you ' d say that happens so much less than no no no no no that ' s not as a result of the system the the reason that people don ' t take that seriously right is because of patriarchy patriarchy is what upholds sexism patriarchy also dis erm in some instances goes against some men for
244. ' s only important to consider the female side of it no no no it ' s i really don ' t get this cos cos okay so so you ' re saying there ' s this system okay and yes it ' s sort of the vast majority benefits men but part of that system that we ' ve now realised is because men are in these positions of power they feel an inclination to not fail
245. really don ' t get this cos cos okay so so you ' re saying there ' s this system okay and yes it ' s sort of the vast majority benefits men but part of that system that we ' ve now realised is because men are in these positions of power they feel an inclination to not fail as much and therefore because of that pressure more men commit suicide than women yes so okay er
246. is that people talk about feminists fefeminism are all women there ' s no men talking about it it ' s because men don ' t take it seriously cos they benefit from the system of perpetuation of of the patriarchy but you just said they didn ' t because because men ' s rights groups don ' t need us to fight the same thing no but the thing is sometimes
247. of like they all knew each other so when was like three but now they ' ve agreed that the next baby is gonna be called er whatever wants him to be called yeah yeah yeah i like that system no no the best system is where you both agree yeah yeah yeah is like fully white? no he ' s italian italian that ' s white di franco di franco because he ' s mayonnaise with
248. each other so when was like three but now they ' ve agreed that the next baby is gonna be called er whatever wants him to be called yeah yeah yeah i like that system no no the best system is where you both agree yeah yeah yeah is like fully white? no he ' s italian italian that ' s white di franco di franco because he ' s mayonnaise with olive oil yeah mayonna
249. didn ' t see that coming plays white can you only do one layer at a time? yeah give you a proper two yeah to give yeah and the two blacks i don ' t trust her scoring system two blacks? she she ' s doing me over who ' s doing you over? me? is this your first thingy? yeah right so you ' re blacks so welwelcome to
250. ' ve enjoyed my education it ' s the same for most people but i thought you you like academia to like yeah i do i well i like i like learning but i don ' t like the system i feel it ' s very restrictive i want to do my own learning i want to learn what i want to learn and do my own studying well it ' s a bit more like that at university yeah
251. ' t realise that that ' s it ' s it ' s it ' s not really sustainable mm and it ' s not really realistic also people forget that we grew up erm really with a system where you would go out to the shops every day and you would erm bring fresh mm vegetables er back and the the and seaseasonal vegetables as well? seasonal yeah that ' s mm mm
254. ##r i move in mm mm yeah so they are straight mm absolutely yeah yeah and i was saying this to yesterday he was like oh i was reading up on you know polish on the polish mm political system at the moment an and i was gonna ask you about it and i was just like well you know from my point of view i don ' t want to be in the country anymore where immigrants aren '
255. anything it is up to you all the people to stand up and fight for what you believe in erm i can do what i can to take the corruption out of politics and to start changing the system from within but it is down to you take some fucking responsibility and i wonder if corbyn is going to be a little bit like that as well so i do wonder and actually i suppose if you
256. so much whereas if you are up there teaching like proficiency and cae you get paid more because you ' ve got to have a better level of english but you ' ve got to work through the system and it always make i always question like why she ' s stuck to teaching like pre - intermediate and why she should be teaching like the top i suppose it ' s just like years those years that you
257. man who said no i i want more money and i want better living conditions to plough your land and i shall go elsewhere to find it and that black death had an effect on the on the system so all i can think of is well you know it ' s now maybe we ' re so controlled because we ' re overpopulated and they find they fear that if there was a revolution by the
258. they teaching chinese people is such a usually such a joy cos the they ' re so eager to learn i don ' t think i could be a teacher in england you know er in the state system teaching english or well teaching anything it well the but you are a teacher in england well but in the state system it wouldn ' t be teaching english as a foreign language it wouldn ' t be efl
259. don ' t think i could be a teacher in england you know er in the state system teaching english or well teaching anything it well the but you are a teacher in england well but in the state system it wouldn ' t be teaching english as a foreign language it wouldn ' t be efl or esl no it ' s a no that ' s what i meant it wouldn ' t be like we
271. almost you know certain to be published because i m i was invited by the editor of the journal okay so it ' s you know it ' s one of those peer reviewed articles erm in academic system so but it ' s very good to have these papers published as a researcher mm especially you know based on res phd research it ' s quite good so i was you know because i wanted to apply for
272. flew back to japan again you ' re joking no and i said are you crazy? he said no i wanted to attend this ceremony it ' s really important for the future oh right of japanese medical system so i mean it ' s oh well i was like oh like he didn ' t do anything he just slept ate i cooked but er and then left again oh my god but i would be like that
273. ? yeah yeah but some of the other ones are more interesting erm yeah mm cos i had to write an essay comparing stanislavsky who sort of erm created the most rigorous er acting system for naturalism and berkoff who did total theatre which is all the very different one mm and i had to kind of cos berkoff is trying to portray a message by just erm
275. of grief for him grief off yeah course it is which he may have kept on tap until he could get someone who is emotional enough like me to kind of get that erm grief going around the system yeah that yeah yeah cos some people will just hold on to it just hold on yeah because they actually have no idea what to do with it otherwise no they don ' t know how to channel it
278. ' ve all got we ' ve got different mm genes but i i think that if you ' re set on money it would have been alright so we ' re baback down to the same values system really probably not as mur you know not loads of money but oriented towards but alright in what sense? alright in that your parents think that it ' s accep accepacceptable that
279. into this but i have actually retired and this is you know an option but they ' re so sweet but yeah it ' s interesting to see all these er ladies they ' ve got a very dinner system at the moment where but we have employed so many people to help the dinner time along you know apart from all our dinner with this new free school meals for infants mm yes tell ttell tell us only
280. really no i know i mean so you know i know it ' s very difficult it ' s a shame and it ' s just unfortunate that the boys and are the first guinea pigs of the new system aren ' t they? yes yeah yeah they will be i ' d be interested to see what the school says to you if you ring yes oh i will ring i just waiting for mm i said to
284. that ' s kinda good though isn ' t it? because oh i like this guy you know he was on my side in that sense because that that goes against the grain of like the whole education system yeah yeah because things are just sales you know and yep market based aren ' t they? yeah they ' re not students they ' re customers mm mm erm so like so you know somebody actually looking
287. to poland i would not expect to receive anything from the state until i have contributed and i don ' t think people should expect the same wherever they go i think people should have to pay into the system yeah for so many years before they can take out of it and i don ' t think that ' s racist at all i think that ' s just no it ' s not common sense isn ' t
288. fly back when they ' re pregnant and have a scan every month as well as the scans here with with with i mean the systems we have in place the nhs is nearly at breaking point the education system is well it in a bad state it ' s in a bad state cos there ' s primary schools where look at ' s primary school something like sixty percent of the class english isn ' t their
289. if we ' re taking in like if we take if we if we open our arms for refugees the the nhs is gonna be but er more er like at greater risk than it already is the education system is gonna be put at greater risk than it already is but like if you ' re gonna be in the eu it you know in some sense it ' s not fair that germany should take millions and us
290. in europe you ' d have money to put back into a systems that would suppose those people when they came yeah but it boils down to this thing whether somebody ' s come in to abuse the system or they take forever and a day don ' t they to decide to decide anything people have been in the country for ten years on asylum see as asylum seekers because they ' ve not made the decision yet
291. decide anything people have been in the country for ten years on asylum see as asylum seekers because they ' ve not made the decision yet sorry who ' s not made the decision? the government right the system yeah meanwhile that person can ' t work because they ' re an asylum seeker they have no right to work so we ' re paying for them to be there for ten years whilst we make the decision whether
293. cheeky last time i came home and signed up for a month and then left yeah did didn ' t she? so thing is i mean yeah but why not when you ' ve got the benefit system ' s there yeah you know you might as well use it it ' s not like the rest of our family and friends aren ' t all contributing and paying taxes exactly and if your family and friends can
294. rest of our family and friends aren ' t all contributing and paying taxes exactly and if your family and friends can ' t support one person who ' s not do you kn that ' s what the system ' s there for mm for what and at the end of the day i mean some people have kind of said to us you know we ' ve been living abroad we haven ' t been paying taxes in
298. be shocking wouldn ' t it? it would be it ' d just be impossible wouldn ' t it? what would happen if we did have what it would be the school systems like that the school system is not i think if they if they make the school system like nhs it would have been good but you know there ' s still in uk a lot of private schools from the fifties onwards they ' ve
299. d just be impossible wouldn ' t it? what would happen if we did have what it would be the school systems like that the school system is not i think if they if they make the school system like nhs it would have been good but you know there ' s still in uk a lot of private schools from the fifties onwards they ' ve given they still let a lot of private schools get away with
300. bit more he might have sat up if they paid a bit more he might have stood up paid a bit more he might have taught them something about this all across the developing world ah you get a system like that there what you pay for is what you get they don ' t get pens or pencils or paper they ' ve got to bring their own paper paper and yeah yeah you can understand you know
302. and they were able to really fulfil their potential that ' s right and i think that ' s what we ' ve got lost in the that ' s right i am certain of it comprehensive system because if you are in a comprehensive system and you are a bright person you can choose which that ' s right where where your performance level that ' s right is going to be to stay with your mates
303. ##il their potential that ' s right and i think that ' s what we ' ve got lost in the that ' s right i am certain of it comprehensive system because if you are in a comprehensive system and you are a bright person you can choose which that ' s right where where your performance level that ' s right is going to be to stay with your mates yeah that ' s right and i bet
304. to be yeah uh elitism because before you ' ve gone to private school you may well not have shown that level of uh skill but i think the problem is in the sch in the school system though isn ' t it like why people wanna send their kids to private school why the normal schools aren ' t good enough or do you think that that people would always just send them to private school even
311. ' s just trying to there ' s deter it happening again mm there ' s like a trillion they ' ve worked out there ' s trillions of dollars of fraud fraudulent money going through the banking system every year mm it ' s absolutely huge where does this so these fines where does that money go? i ' ve always wondered that like if a bank is fined where does that money go? like does
313. don ' t do it otherwise i suppose though you ' re having too many people filling up the cafe yeah who didn ' t spend a penny cos if they could work out a bit of a system yeah yeah i agree i ' m sure they could they ' ve got to do in the end anyway haven ' t they? yes yes so they can put it together yeah because an easier way would be
316. i ' ve done that before as well yeah i go boys i ' m gonna have to buy you a bin yeah oh funny very very good yes you see this needs to be part of the education system as well because it ' s all very well knowing about the mechanics of mm hm okay every month there ' s gonna be this blood gushing no well i don ' t know what ' s going on
319. if you are erm in walking into a corrupt country where corruption is the way it gets done erm then you have to learn to either live with it put up shut up and just work the system or or fuck off and go somewhere else or fight it or go and do something else yeah where you ' re even more relaxed it ' s it ' s better yeah where you can it ' s more
324. allow me to do to answer any questions you know? see even if you got taken off some of the lists and all those scam ones there i mean they ' re they ' re outside the system aren ' t they? so they won ' t be abiding by any rules well seemingly people who are on like erm definite holding firms mm cameron ' s going to win us something yeah?
325. you do the hard one and you get a c that equals twelve points if you do an easy one and get an a actually that ' s still only ten it doesn ' t become a point scoring system no it doesn ' t it doesn ' t so no one in your twenties and thirties are going to fucking argue the toss apart from yeah but is only to get into or it ' s not to get
326. the second six months yeah yeah yeah yeah there ' s all sor then again dad ' s dad ' s heard me bang on about this here ' s how i want to change the entire education system yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah but no i like the idea of a university thing is that it should be gives gives more scope for merit based erm achievement and growth at different stages about academia yeah yeah it
331. wouldn ' t accept potatoes as part of their natural diet the french never do do they for about three hundred years or some lolong amount of time because in their c they had a very strong class system and the upper classes ate things that grew above the ground and the and the underclasses grew thing er ate things that grew below the ground right and so erm it was not seen as proper that
337. re what ' s wrong with staying in france? i think maybe the help they get isn ' t as good mm i don ' t think they have a i think that france have a good benefits system don ' t they? yeah but i don ' t know if it ' s different for the immigrants like for french citizens mm but i don ' t know if like how they can get citizenship and stuff
338. people because obviously yes in times of terry yes erm fry ' s and rowntree ' s fry ' s rowntree ' s there wasn ' t really any sort of benefits or welfare system in place so therefore perhaps in certainly in western europe and er more economically developed countries there was less need now for yes philanthropists yeah compared to what there was in the past yeah i think charity probably takes
339. we the nhs is investing in our people maybe not fundamentally or ideologically but healthcare is better erm er school education obviously that can be argued but we ' ve got we ' ve got a sustainable system education is a nec the the points are these are necessary costs right? yeah every country will have these costs right? yeah unless you ' re america and you try and do an obamacare system yeah obama
340. sustainable system education is a nec the the points are these are necessary costs right? yeah every country will have these costs right? yeah unless you ' re america and you try and do an obamacare system yeah obamacare okay? but everything will have a set amount of cost what china do have done well is they ' ve minimised the amount of cost yeah yeah that you spend on education and healthcare
341. yeah and accredited so it is quite potentially it ' s it ' s it ' s possible that the the data that you taught is just out of date right and the idea though is that a university system should be flexible enough to allow people to to look at the coalface and look at what is up to date they are meant to have their lecturer do that for them by bringing in their own research and
343. is that ' s why cos a levels are harder at the end of the day so yeah as long as it ' s c and above not a problem so and they ' ve got this rating system of one to four which in most places have one to four and she was g she was getting ones and twos ex in all her subjects except for health and social care oh and she got threes
348. s as though mm you ' ve got eagle eyes you can see for so far yeah that ' s right it ' s amazing mm that ' s right and the second thing is the people no class system that ' s right absolutely not no that ' s right well anyway we used to go to this pub on the corner in brisbane on a friday night and they used to there used to be businessmen and they
349. he was selling newspapers and he was carrying his newspa and suddenly whoosh everything went everywhere and this really smart bloke in his suit just scooping it all up you know because no class system at all mm that ' s right brilliant yeah i spent a lot of time quite a lot of time in brisbane but on street yeah mm so were you teaching at the same school as wwas? no
354. mm they decided that mm they proposed to the parliament that mm one of the top universities mm should have a kurdish department mm however that ' s gonna be difficult because the students mm who well the education system ' s in farsi mm you can ' t yeah you ' re not allowed to er mm use kkurdish? like use your kkurdish you know? yeah so er that is
355. allowed to er mm use kkurdish? like use your kkurdish you know? yeah so er that is gonna be a problem they haven ' t decided to basically sort the education system from like prprimary school and then mm mm college moving up to university and the other thing is they haven ' t er not the government is not very keen on it yeah at the moment er
358. of being british yeah totally yeah but i ' m s but my point is is that i ' m saying like i ' m not i ' m saying that it ' s stupid to say that one system is better than the other mm i know but but they ' ve both both like some some people might deal with one system some people might into the other what? what integrates normal people? but there
359. m not i ' m saying that it ' s stupid to say that one system is better than the other mm i know but but they ' ve both both like some some people might deal with one system some people might into the other what? what integrates normal people? but there ' s always gonna be people that mm that don ' t don ' t fit into either i think but i think it
361. iceland was it? who? the erm the headmistress norway norway yeah cos they loved the school is supposed to be amazing norway ' s good finland ' s good yeah yeah the schooling system yeah and erm she loved the way that they schooled does that sound? yeah yeah what you ' re taught about yeah erm and she came back with this idea of no none of the children
364. cricket he didn ' t no ye he he might have and how long did he last as a cricketer? he might he might have muttered something about th the jury ' s still out the criminal justice system you know and has taught me the oh the jury ' s still out ' s taught me that taught i ' m innocent till proven guilty that kind of stuff yeah but he ' s a commentator now on
365. wimbledon you cannot not for exchange no not for resale that ' s right that ' s right or something like that you know it ' s very hard to know how you could ever police such a system well i ' d say it i mean unless it ' s going to come to the the to the t i mean i think some rock concerts have done this unless you have to turn up with a ticket
367. the sc if if the sanctions that you had in school have stopped and then everybody ' s doing their own thing there ' s no consistency no there ain ' t no you need a you need a system that is you do don ' t you? yeah so and the number of kids that are just wandering about i ' m not going to that lesson mm is that what they do? yeah i ' m
368. if you don ' t wanna pay if you don ' t wanna pay er just give us cash yeah that ' s it he ' s got his cash and that ' s it money goes into the system though don ' t it? yeah mm but these mps and what have you they do it a different way don ' t they? yeah yeah ah yeah it ' s the system and there ' s alt
369. money goes into the system though don ' t it? yeah mm but these mps and what have you they do it a different way don ' t they? yeah yeah ah yeah it ' s the system and there ' s althere ' s always ways to to to fiddle the system yeah that ' s just that if you get caught then you ' ve got the problem you got a problem you got
370. what have you they do it a different way don ' t they? yeah yeah ah yeah it ' s the system and there ' s althere ' s always ways to to to fiddle the system yeah that ' s just that if you get caught then you ' ve got the problem you got a problem you got the problem mm alright i suppose i ' d better go and get see ride i '
373. things through yeah yeah well then you ' re ideal so it ' s good yeah yeah and your assessment was good? yeah that yeah went well yeah any pay rise since? bonus? but the new system is that pay rises are linked to your assessment right which is actually just an excuse for not paying people much that if they don ' t perform up to s yeah an acceptable level then i suppose why not
375. bit later on or something mm i can ' t believe that students in china they have to pass or they can ' t go back to the country it ' s crazy they ' ve got a crazy system i wonder how like fucked up they are though it ' s shit basically and but like mentally yeah but there ' s a lot of pressure on people in this country but then if you think about other countries
376. extremely stressful there ' s a lot of like erm like problems like sexual harassment mm erm and that kind of thing erm and then they don ' t have er like a er welfare system like for pensioners so they pretty much for pensioners just rely on their children to look after them when they ' re old age mm it ' s like i don ' t think they have a state
378. that possibly aren ' t getting the at home support and things like that so that ' s why lots of schools try really hard to get parents to know the free school sys the free school meal system oh they ' ll be a bit like are you sure you ' re not eligible? yeah are you sure you ' re not eligible? mm cos then they get it ' s a huge amount of
379. said mm his ears were mm fine in that way they weren ' t blocked but then she gave me this name of a audiologist oh god it ' s mm typical ireland it ' s like their system because everything has to be paid for mm yes yes she gave gave me like mm mm she said doesn ' t usually don ' t think he usua she usually tests kids that young it ' s usually
384. get tr you know you ' re still on a permanent contract just on your contract so then you are yeah te you know like a new two - year contract like technically is a ongo in their system it ' s yeah be ongoing to well the actual sense of yeah you know what i mean it ' s not gonna make any difference you kinda wonder if you hate it demoralising work yeah no definitely
385. students are here which based they say that it ' s so people can have more like time to themselves kinda thing but i guess l the thing i don ' t agree with with the with the college system is like colleges are all about what you can afford yeah exactly basically so they should be completely equal they ' re just like kind of nice to have your own college it shouldn ' t be like oh like
386. back and they give you an appointment for that day well i i i think you get erm a consultation or something mm you queue up you go in and obviously they give you some sort of numbering system mm erm so you g you get seen in turn but it doesn ' t hold many in there erm and then you get a consultation and they ' ll find out what your problem is and then
398. ##m the room as well had a picked up bbc one yeah yeah i think that ' s why they get really good at it i think i i assumed they just you know had a really good education system for it which i think it ' s not bad but the girl the dutch girl on my course is doing it she didn ' t start learning at school until she was eleven and they have english television mm
406. there ' s probably there ' s there is there is like er they ' ve very reg regulations it i don ' t even think it ' s regulations i just think it ' s a very good system i think oh it ' s very difficult to screw people over on it or something like that yeah or people aren ' t very stupid with it that ' s erm so yeah it could so it could
409. with like a nice family of cool oh yeah we had to media people i ' m not really sure who they were but they were cos yeah we had to get seated with you it was the system wasn ' t it? you got yeah seated with whoever you were seated with but we made conversation with them and yeah it was a good breakfast it was a nice breakfast very nice and basic uhu you
410. dunno why i guess i was just an awkward kid i regret it you know yeah but er it shows though i mean look where you are now you know? it er it shows what the education system is up until the age of sixteen and it ' s not really that mm important mm really it it ' s more on yourself what you consider important and your own motivations yeah to do things that '
411. are upset cos they say it ' s not fair they ' re being fined but they ' re not getting any help mm which is true mm yes er really they just need to change the benefits system and then it would stop of its own accord wouldn ' t it? yeah it ' s because yeah because you don ' t get that in france yes if if they see it as the easy option mm
412. last year but this year she ' s got hardly any money so like i ' m getting less money but she ' s got less money this year so it ' s a kind of a well dumb system i ' ve had a terrible couple of years but i have a feeling it ' s turning now touch wood touch wood and if it does then i can always lay out some money well you can always get
414. yeah yeah i don ' t mind her i think she ' s actually really clever with how she ' s made er so much money oh yeah how she ' s like how she ' s manipulated the system and just made so much money out of nothing is a joke i w no i am really impressed oh yeah definitely but like i think i ' d like to lose a bit more i ' d like to
418. living with them in tennessee at the time they said fuck it we ' ll come back with you and we couldn ' t find us all a uni job oh so we all went back through the system we were in before the public school but we said look if we do this then we have to get a uni job the next year which we did so when we got that uni job we kind
419. the car insured rather than me and then everyone yeah that i say drives it can drive it and it would be a really good solution because it ' s a shame yeah it ' s a stupid system insuring the driver on the car yeah it ' s ridiculous yeah it really annoys me yeah cos in i used to drive a lot of my friends ' cars yeah cos you ' re you
425. yeah a lot of security guys went after him which i mean it just sort of i suppose it ' s sort of a contrast you know really really trying to help people for free as opposed to a system which doesn ' t you can ' t afford it you and you don ' t you know and you don ' t get yeah chin up chuck yeah? yeah i think that ' s it ' s like
426. the next day exactly yeah well to be fair though that ' s his he did he did but it ' s still i think that ' s sort of the problem with him not a problem with the system mm oh no i mean he did kind of learn to do that but it still made him feel rotten i think is that? but it didn ' t suit my dad at all basically some some people love
429. like the way the new one like mystery incorporated velma and shaggy? no oh my gosh yeah i know what happened there? that was just like that was just shit they chucked up the system yeah like the only couple in that friendship group was fred and daphne and that was just implied yeah that was yeah it wasn ' t even supposed to be full it was not supposed to be full on romance
433. use it of course you are yeah you know and that ' s until they close the loophole of course yeah which is what ' s happening and i ' m sure that in the past the tax system has been devised to tax the poor people yeah and to not tax the rich people that ' s right yeah or not as much yes but nowadays you see you ' re getting more and more people jumping over
440. but privacy it ' s not that he ' s allowed to buy privacy privacy should be given to everyone regardless just cost the poor can ' t afford to buy it that ' s the problem with the system that the fact that you can buy it at all and like finance comes into it anywhere along the line and then but yeah then you discount almost all tabloid journalism and all and also ironically the type of thing
441. this black lawyer said look if we want to get you off we got to make you black yeah yeah yeah and and and they did that why would that get him off? because they knew that the system wouldn ' t let a black man of that profile be convic oh right and they even there was a great scene in the last one i saw his house was like a massive you know yeah they pressed
442. they were disdespised not just out of snobbery like they were just a pain in the arse they were getting rammed but like aand steven avery embarrassed the court and the system publically they he he demanded loads like there was a thirty - five million or whatever i can ' t remember loads of money but i but i wouldn ' t say ununfairly no no
443. stuff huh isn ' t it? it is though yeah that thing that is really bad i i haven ' t looked into detail but yeah it ' s amazing if you look at the erm american system of benefits though so you get unemployment benefits about three months or something and then nothing actually it might be six months no i think it ' s is it not two years in a row? no no idea
444. anything you can do about that no erm oh obviously it ' s noticeably worse these last couple of weeks now that the schools have gone back mm it was it ' s quite a shock to the system cos you get so used to it to to it not to school and so on yeah yeah well i i ' ve never really understood this but i find that the traffic gets steadily lighter week by week
446. it does that ' s that ' s the downside it does become money when you leave like that ' s what i ' m thinking about yeah i know what you mean if you stay in the system though and swim yeah it ' s fine and everyone treats you nicely and then you realize how shit it kind of is and people are always asking you for money it ' s terrifying i know they do make
447. well as but as long as they figure this into the pay scale of these jobs the teacher needs to have some time to do that yeah you need some down time and you need to know the whole system so you can just type inn a question like de de de de de de done yeah pf like well like at the british council like patrick and he had that was his job doing stuff like that yeah
448. sign up to the council and then they have ten kids and get a massive house yeah i mean that ' s well that ' s always been the case with the if you know how to play the system then you you play it and that ' s what they do but that ' s not an argument is it saying that ' s always been the case no no so therefore it ' s it ' s okay
449. biggest problem in this country well hang on i ' m getting on my pedestal now the biggest? one of them no this is going to attitudes of people oh yeah they ' re all claiming from the system and wanting everything that they can get their hands on yeah they ' re not striving yeah yeah i mean if they were forced if they s if they weren ' t given all that stuff they would
454. much europe is still completely free we ' ve completely in one year like within a couple of years basically since david cameron ' s come in just flipped and like education we ' ve completely copied the american system the americans and realised how much more money some of the loans the student loans that were t taken out ten years ago or so they ' ve sold those li loans off to private companies so now they lo
455. medals for good re a positive reinforcement for the kids gold stars are a thing of the past you need silver coins i think well what time? they ' re pretty fair though i think i think the system is pre pretty fair really point is with the tax people the tax man they know everything about twists and turns that people try to fiddle mhm i mean they ' ve been in it ever since tax was
456. mm they change it every year to so you don ' t know how it works mm they do that ' s one of the worst tax that ' s the whole point black market is the best tax system that is that ' s how it works in most of the world that is do you want to get out of jail? mm give me a bit of money and you ' re free yeah but if you
457. bit of money and you ' re free yeah but if you haven ' t got any money yeah that ' s the down side well you ' re in you ' re in that i mean every tax system has got the good and bad side no it ' s like my tax thing should be coming through soon so you can have a look at the book yeah oh that ' s your mm so you ' ve
460. to do the ones at university are easier no no i mean they ' re just less kind stressful yes you have to do them all in like two terms the leaving cert is an extremely flawed system but er but do does anyone in ireland do baccalaureate? mm? does anyone in ireland do the baccalaureate? what ' s that? that ' s the the french that ' s the basically it ' s
465. are looked after everything ' s everything ' s done everything ' s clean yes everything yeah yeah it ' s good no i ' m not gonna lie having lived in poorer countries yeah we have a good system here we do yeah but at the same time we pay abou we pay we pay for it yeah yeah we do pay for it we pay about fifty per cent in tax yeah now most people would actually
466. oh don ' t even get him started ten per cent ni twenty per cent no but i agree with what ' s saying that he doesn ' t mind paying tax because yeah we do have a a system that will first world developed country yeah yeah yeah there ' s the queen there ' s industries that work that accommodates for everyone yeah yeah i mean take somewhere like american like and i really no no someone
467. old people dying because they can ' t afford to put their heating on you t for me of cou yeah really to say that we ' re a first world country we have an amazing health care system yeah our utilities are through the roof yeah no that ' s amazing our public transport system is quite frankly bonkers yeah i er yeah it ' s completely bonkers the underground how much does that shit cost
469. the top five hundred yeah it ' s not even in there yeah i know that ' s not mm i don ' t really understand how it can be so different between i don ' t a british system and a world system yeah i don ' t really know how they it ' s yeah i don ' t know would work it count into it as well yeah yeah yeah i guess but i understand how they
470. yeah it ' s not even in there yeah i know that ' s not mm i don ' t really understand how it can be so different between i don ' t a british system and a world system yeah i don ' t really know how they it ' s yeah i don ' t know would work it count into it as well yeah yeah yeah i guess but i understand how they do because you get
472. mm so everyone vote and say brilliant but it has to be like that doesn ' t it? it does yeah yeah you know mm but er who were they they were saying that er the barter system we we might we might all be better off if we go back to the barter system where in in er is it korea? or north korea? yeah but you won ' t have any money to
473. ? it does yeah yeah you know mm but er who were they they were saying that er the barter system we we might we might all be better off if we go back to the barter system where in in er is it korea? or north korea? yeah but you won ' t have any money to build new roads no you wouldn ' t have any money or no develop a no new airport
477. the male carries on the family name they don ' t want females and all this kind of stuff so it ' s like oh god yeah so it you need a whole social construct reformed for that a system like that to work but i ' m not against that i think that ' s how it should be and quite often and i ' m not talking about you or or people in our family but there are
479. ' re having and like the population doesn ' t need to keep growing and keep getting bigger mm and when we don ' t have a fi we have a finite amount of resources and and the whole system to me and if i think this how can i have a child? mm i ' ve said to you before i don ' t agree with education er how it is how can i give my child up
480. this happening? yeah yeah when ' s that bit coming? yeah and it ' s like well you know what i mean? and living abroad it ' s even harder because that is a very strict system mm you know what i mean? mm in korea you have a ch you get married you have a child mm they can ' t understand why you don ' t have children mm so pretty much every single
481. all the time no not now not after finding a life outside of home if you know what i mean and something i ' m good at and something that i feel like i have achieved but imagine that system that i proposed where you look after a child for a few years mm what if let ' s not talk about because obviously you have a very close mm relationship with that you can ' t possibly look outside
482. with them really mm the closest you can get is grandparents because they don ' t have to work so mm you can kind of have your grandparents around quite a bit so mm it ' s the whole system ' s just not conducive to having a healthy lifestyle for children i don ' t think which is why i just mm i ' m not the right person to have a child i think about
483. do eight hours and i did quite a lot of travelling and basically i was late for two shifts um and they sat me down and they were like elliot we ' re gonna have to review the whole system we ' re w we ' re not gonna keep you on as the um on this sabbatical don ' t think it ' s working for us and i was just like obviously a bit shocked and
484. you ' ve finished well if you it really depends on how your compounds and and if they run it like a public school and you ' ve got like a mm having three years in the public school system in korea was a bit trippy wasn ' t it? yeah i did do three years in there it ' s a lot of erm pandering to obligation and yeah getting to understand their culture
485. a significant amount but not a lot this goes against everything of yorkshire i know a pie and b like trying to save money it ' s like no you ' ve ruined it he ' s broken the system yeah no but if you halve like the funding or like the money that all the like clubs got to spend i mean like half that money you could give to charity to do things that need it that
489. do we talk about interesting things and not fucking do it? there are so many cunts fezel there are so many evil there are so many evil people people out there who manipulate funding in the system to do things that are essentially very you know you know non nonsensical why don ' t we put our heads together and actually do something positive? um and and and not just earn money ourselves
491. or or did they do they wanna save what they ' ve built for themselves already? and er i think everyone has their own like role in gotham city though cos then there is there is a system of you know there ' s workers there ' s there ' s er italian er boss mafia yeah bosses there ' s there ' s the rich and the aristocrats like bruce wayne ' s family yeah
494. man uhu erm who was put to death you know? this is the problem if you ' re a foreigner in china you know you could you could you could easily fall foul of the legal system which is right not the legal system here right and this guy was put to death erm and his first thing his family knew about it was when the embassy rang them up and told em they they were
495. put to death you know? this is the problem if you ' re a foreigner in china you know you could you could you could easily fall foul of the legal system which is right not the legal system here right and this guy was put to death erm and his first thing his family knew about it was when the embassy rang them up and told em they they were they were optimistic he was coming out
496. don ' t they don ' t initiate conversation with each other so much you know? no no yeah funny isn ' t it? yeah cos i was watching they still have this very hierarchical family system yeah the the family next door there ' s a bangladeshi family next door and there ' s about ththree thousand of them who occasionally descend on and sometimes they like like they like last night they all
497. thought i was doing my job but it ' s funny that the students found that odd and i said well actually i want to kn because they ' re so used to being known as numbers in their system you know to a number and they they ' re they ' re ohh used to being inconsequential and anonymous oh yes okay their education sys and so that that made a big impression
500. on there that ' s the bottom of the list can you click? can you click what ' s it called control f and then type london? no why do they have to change a perfectly good system? i just don ' t understand uni? eastern europe no not eastern europe uni that was just unnecessary dublin there we go why is it under dublin? dublin edinburgh luton and london i know but
501. god get oh is the one with brown hair? no that ' s ' s the one with like blonde mousy brown she was in our criminology criminology erm english legal system right okay erm but yeah she used to have this thing where she used to think that putting food down the sink would miraculously disappear because fucking twat here would have to clean it up so she
506. is your car taxed? insured? and is it roadworthy now if what how is that orwellian by the authorities knowing that? well no no but once you ' ve go the system in place it can be abused later on for example yeah go off this i think we ' re far too laid back you can ' t travel on this road because you don ' t have the the correct
508. certain amount of hours work like voluntary work they do yeah? well it ' s almost bartering innit yeah and they they can start getting it back it ' s getting back to the bartering system yeah and they can ask people to do things for them taking off those hours they ' ve done for other people yeah yeah that ' s right no i ' ve seen those experiments yeah but they have to
509. more vocational ones mm that ' s that ' s the point i think durham ' s got to teach them but on a sort of separate bit so you ' re not part of the kind of college system yeah so it ' s not a problem so it ' s not no exactly it ' s slightly weird that is weird erm so i think yeah so there ' s i think erm i know somebody
510. crisis right? and er what they can do and what they can ' t do about how they give all this money away but the best thing they could do is to have a really strictly regulated letting system yeah mm well there ' s n whereby there ' s fixed rents fixed conditions you know a bit like in you know in germany yeah that ' s right like people don ' t bother about buying houses they
517. you ' re better off in fact he said the west would be better off targeting crime than it would terrorism because yeah that ' s the real thing that ' s taking money every day out of the system whether it be guns drugs yeah mm yeah legi everything well one of the susp one of the suspects got stopped in holland and they let him through erm three weeks ago because he ' d got
519. erm to counteract the erm massive industrialisation that was occurring because it wasn ' t until eighteen sixty - one that the were emancipated mm so that is almost a feudal system yes it was in what would almost be considered almost victorian er period yes yes it was another thing is in that programme they were saying how isolated the princesses were around the whole family but i think if
523. that ' s true you were extreme top end for a two one i forgot about that that ' s a nice thing to be reminded of ha mm i e you er deserved a first but the exam system beat you to it hmm mm yeah it did but still you ' d be in exactly the same position doing exactly the same thing i would be that ' s the thing but i can ' t see any
524. hormones for quite a long time erm they have opened a vehicular manslaughter case against jenner? it doesn ' t say i don ' t really know how the american justice system works cos i know they they ' re not like south africa they have a jury but the ju the prosecutor and the defence lawyer are allowed to pick who is allowed or who is going to be on
529. from smoking two huge problems with that firstly you ' re essentially condemning those people to a slow painful death yeah exactly which is which not reasonable it ' s not really the british way of doing things health system way of doing things it ' s the american way of doing things i was gonna say yeah it ' s um and secondly it ' s actually um cigarette taxes are often generally equated with funding of
531. eighty what will be the? that ' s what i was gonna say yeah well cos at the moment the er t in practice most people will do at least eighty on a motorway um the current system of speeding speed cameras slash speeding works out on the basis that it ' s the speed limit plus three miles an hour plus ten percent which on a seventy mile an hour road is eighty anyway um and the
533. it is evidently it is but then you need to emphasise you know if it doesn ' t matter where you apply because if you ' re good enough you ' ll get in because of the closed system so that ' s why they they kind of shy away from that and they just pick the one that you think is prettiest reducing stress and exactly reducing the stress and the amount of and then of
534. really up in arms and it ' s like well actually you know has to be the best - est in in the world it really does it ' s incredibly it ' s far better than the american system and the fact that really annoys me is the times is writing it so it boosted the article about how sort of an applicant at was saying that you know the system is much better there and they '
535. s far better than the american system and the fact that really annoys me is the times is writing it so it boosted the article about how sort of an applicant at was saying that you know the system is much better there and they ' re much more interested in you as an all - round individual rather than just what you can bring to a subject mm and like that ' s why i ' ve got
536. pay you ' ve got to be quite good yeah and it wouldn ' t and that doesn ' t seem right and it ' s actually saying and the bbc was actually saying yeah this is a good system what? yeah how possibly? and you ' re judging of being elitist yeah i ' m sorry fuck off you you know yes there ' s still a kind of a yeah i mean like we '
537. you ' re probably not going to go to cambridge are you? well no if you if you don ' t value education you won ' t accept it and that ' s another problem with the whole system is that you can ' t force an education on someone you can give them the opportunity but if they don ' t achieve not in terms of well a significant proportion of the time it will be down to
539. t even think people need jobs and like yeah but i totally agree like the argument like oh you ' re helping the london economy it ' s well actually it would be better for like sort the structural system if yeah specifically you didn ' t do yeah do that but yeah mm i definitely agree and i actually don ' t really think it ' s necessary if you live in like a shared house and everyone clean
540. the money and therefore there ' s that always that element of yeah like lack of trust yeah but cos dad ' s got his own money yeah yeah yeah there ' s erm a s a system now where parents can give a deposit and children can have a deposit and you can get a preferential loan for buying a house so f mm your father wants you to look into that if you ' re
541. they get bursaries and grants that kind of stuff but for the majority of people to say that at the age of seventeen you ' re no adult who can ' t be tried under the justice system effectively but then a day after your eighteenth birthday here ' s a fifty thousand pound loan for the rest of your life that you ' re just signing up to i think that ' s too big a decision
542. or that ' s yeah that ' s a good idea ideally i ' d like to live in argentina but i don ' t think they ' re gonna take me too much not so easy tertiary education system is not quite as good out there at the moment korean is terrible i mean most people in england seem to know that korea has a really good education system or at least so i hear it ' s like
543. take me too much not so easy tertiary education system is not quite as good out there at the moment korean is terrible i mean most people in england seem to know that korea has a really good education system or at least so i hear it ' s like second in the world sometimes well i know like the one i know is mostly singapore yes and that school right level is more than i mean i know the
544. it ' s roughly equitable size as well but they have more than double the amount of universities that we have they ' ve got over three hundred and fifty unis in the country so the education system there mostly wrong i think just strange that most people at least i met in the west kinda think it has a really good education system i think it ' s terrible well there ' s i mean we so
545. over three hundred and fifty unis in the country so the education system there mostly wrong i think just strange that most people at least i met in the west kinda think it has a really good education system i think it ' s terrible well there ' s i mean we so there was a thing that came out actually in the news about how england there ' s a table of education oh just recently we '
546. finland first yeah they work less hours they have less homework they go to school when they ' re older i really it ' s gonna be difficult for me to have different ideas about you know the education system but has to work in education within the system for the whole i honestly believe that education should be a lifelong process you know you ' re not graded c at sixteen and then you carry this grade with you
547. less homework they go to school when they ' re older i really it ' s gonna be difficult for me to have different ideas about you know the education system but has to work in education within the system for the whole i honestly believe that education should be a lifelong process you know you ' re not graded c at sixteen and then you carry this grade with you for the rest of your life and you can
548. no we never got to play football i remember we had like some shitty just uninspiring whereas now i think they offer them things like yoga and yeah emphasis on doing sports really same with languages system of teaching languages like don ' t know about but was horrible i think best person to ask would probably be yeah i know where will go? is she about to take her eleven plus? cucumber
552. you know a little while and yeah see how it goes so that ' s what she ' s going to do mm so well i heard that um talking about beating the beating the getting round different the system yeah the system well the insurance system i ' ve heard that a lot of people are using these mobility um ah tut carts oh what are they called? yeah disability cars yeah is that what? yeah
554. see how it goes so that ' s what she ' s going to do mm so well i heard that um talking about beating the beating the getting round different the system yeah the system well the insurance system i ' ve heard that a lot of people are using these mobility um ah tut carts oh what are they called? yeah disability cars yeah is that what? yeah uh - huh so and you can
555. right somebody cares s er class sizes need to be a bit smaller yeah and i think yeah no i think it needs to be all rehau overhauled from the whole thing yep yeah the whole system i mean they do keep tweaking it but it ' s er it ' s mm un er un they do say about class sizes don ' t they mm that they shouldn ' t be over thirty
560. ninety - nine points to nil or something like that what? and it took a while wales were slow to come to grips with professionalism and during that time it virtually destroyed a very healthy club system right right and what came in place there used to be five regional teams now and then there were four and there was all the squabbling and there was the renaming and all the rest of it and
561. you basically get a whole erm bunch of now this is the the hard part you get because you know that money is very difficult to get to make films mm unless you ' re in the hollywood system and we ' re not so erm though it can sometimes end up there but if you are in europe you ' re mainly looking to source money from lots of different countries so you know that ireland has
566. have to be one of these managers that goes around threatening you shouldn ' t manage by threatening threatening people does not work no to achieve what they should be achieving you should i work rather well with the system myself i yeah i work well if i ' ve got someone i ' m actually like who is actually gonna say thank you yeah because the thing is i was also saying to erm her though as in
571. they haven ' t cos people in flats i just don ' t know what they ' d do you know yes so yeah yeah so anyway we stick it out and yeah it seems a pretty good system so mm mm but i mean it ' s taken years cos i ' ve been recycling for donkey ' s years now oh yes before i remember taking plastic you know when i used to go to the
573. be to really analyse the the language and it ' s and it ' s and it ' s my job yes exactly but when i look back at your father yeah he came out of the school system and i i didn ' t know where full stops went commas inverted commas semi colons yeah i mean that ' s what should happen shouldn ' t it? no nnothing you should improve
578. ' s about intaking something because you think life ' s more fun with it that ' s killing your body but the thing is for me it is kind of like whilst i ' m in the system like if i lived in india i mm or somewhere or even like here and i wasn ' t like being as social i i wou i ' m not like someone who needs a drink mm like i
580. d been involved in this you would have no idea yeah no idea because you think oh you know the poor russians downtro yeah yes the vast majority were but not these cos yeah in the communist system there was very much an elite yeah yeah mm and how did they behave i mean did they? behave as kids would? the russians actually behaved quite well we never had erm a problem right with the
583. partly i i i think partly maybe schools are to blame there in a way although iin principle i had always believed in comprehensive education i came ultimately to the conclusion working in comp the comprehensive state system that it is far more difficult to operate effectively than it was ever conceived to be when it was first yeah er you know? yeah erm conceived i i think in principle it ' s right in principle
585. warwick university for that mm that was my brother ' s university really? yeah and u yeah they have u well they had i mean when i visited them with sixth formers mm mm had a great system there i thought mm i was very impressed mm mm mm mm erm but that should be quite separate from the academic running of the academic institution that ' s right that ' s right and the academics themselves
586. you getting them to want to learn what you know and they don ' t mm mm that ' s right yeah i think on that note then i think we ' ve just solved it yes the education system we have we totally have what a wonderful conversation well for me personally because i love
588. emigrate to based on her sister being out there she would need a child to be out there so so i mean to get are we moving house? i ' m not moving home how does that system work? cos that ' s not the same you couldn ' t get out there because your child ' s not there? that system can ' t be right yeah but nanny it ' s on a
589. moving house? i ' m not moving home how does that system work? cos that ' s not the same you couldn ' t get out there because your child ' s not there? that system can ' t be right yeah but nanny it ' s on a points system i think nanny ' s in her seventies and she ' s no earnings to speak of she ' s got no she ' s
590. cos that ' s not the same you couldn ' t get out there because your child ' s not there? that system can ' t be right yeah but nanny it ' s on a points system i think nanny ' s in her seventies and she ' s no earnings to speak of she ' s got no she ' s not earning anything she ' s just gonna cost them if she goes out there
591. they ' re at school when they do something naughty later in life they ' ll be able to find out? well it can also eliminate them remember but i do think this is the government encouraging this system mm by ways of because eventually cos you know they were talking about id cards and a lot of people are er oppose it? yeah well thithis is the same casual way it ' s the
599. right from that system where they just didn ' t get the to comprehensive comprehensive is seen as being more equitable fairer for people from different backgrounds you know that they would have to mix and you wouldn ' t have you
605. saying no i think the route ' s the same route you take the car i think yeah i know that ' s what i ' m saying like it ' s it ' s a one - way system yeah and then you don ' t you have to get off at the bus station and walk but it ' s not very far i was really tempted to get the bus back cos i saw the two
609. t they? said that the first match they played all the black people cos you south african government wanted more black people on the team i ' ve heard this erm from some sort of quota system there ' s a positive discrimination system in south africa in everything so they do put black people in erm they have to have fill a quota don ' t they? it ' s also the same for
610. match they played all the black people cos you south african government wanted more black people on the team i ' ve heard this erm from some sort of quota system there ' s a positive discrimination system in south africa in everything so they do put black people in erm they have to have fill a quota don ' t they? it ' s also the same for jobs and university positions as well which
615. as well gosh and so if you erm say well you you think the man is getting it all wrong er firing the guy is well a very expensive job in in fact mm it it their system of doing things is is weird they do have very mm very strong protectionism my mother oh yes that ' s it ' s beyond belief my mother inherited her mother ' s house and mm erm she
617. was wondering whether she and they still don ' t know yeah i was wondering whether that ' s because they ' re always playing golf mm no well no the trouble is you see h how how our system is every time you you get something wrong you see a different person yeah exactly that ' s the problem yeah that ' s what the problem is yeah cos every time she goes back to see our specialist
626. y when you ' re dealing with this type of project this is how it ' s delivered and as a project manager i learn er elements of how that project is put together so the the the core system of managing a project is is the same then you get people who specialise in certain types of projects which carry information that you don ' t understand or have awareness of to start with okay you know?
627. at dealing with people you ' ve gotta be but all our exams are about intellect and nothing to do with people yes that ' s right mm cos we ' ve never come up with a good system for measuring no your capability with people and a and a lot of jobs you need to be able to communicate don ' t you? no you you ' ve gotta be er you you ' ve gotta be
628. ##cute yeah which m probably meant they got no money at all well it ' s true with all the people who ' d be paying them it ' s unfortunate yeah but i mean it ' s the system ' s wrong that that happens but you might lose money yeah by winning yeah probably yeah yeah yeah yes you lose money either way whether you win or whether you lost yeah perhaps you ' ll be you '
635. and down car showrooms like that way and stuff like that you know there were i think there were seven car showrooms and like yeah within a three block radius or whatever but it was block grid system you know? right right i dunno but no one no one living there eh? well er d ' you think they can keep that up then because is it not? are they not starting to have
636. s a problem no you ' re right yeah yeah like that scottish football book pass it round people and and to take books from other people like that mm i don ' t know maybe there is a system i dunno well there ' s a lending library a kindle lending library that you but i don ' t understand how that works if you ' re an amazon prime you ' re a member of that
638. from the first sentence of each item bold face words may help you oh okay so the first three tests these attempts? no er failures? first f yeah unsuccessful yeah okay the government believes that the education system is weak these views views okay attitudes? can you not have attitudes? these views these attitudes? erm this is where it gets stupid cos in the first class they ' re you ' re going
640. ' d think that america being america though that they ' d cos they ' re all about the freedom of the individual and democracy and yeah mm you ' d think that they ' d have some system that wou prevent this yeah make it that it ' s not prerequisite yeah is that the right word? yeah prerequisite? to prerequisite yeah prerequisite yeah that it yeah
648. annoys me because at the at the grass roots of it all no matter how they say they ' re all very like labour and that and tories are very similar tories believe in an organic system where you have your rich and your poor and it ' s oh well get over the no do you know what i mean? at the end of the day that ' s the core values of it yeah
650. lots of people make use of it after you fuck around for ages like i did yeah yeah mm but a lot of people use it for for a good reason and that is to have break from the system well i did use it for some good reason you know i got my degree and i went off no not just you but a lot of people no no no you ' re right but y i ' m
651. twenty - one i think erm i ' ve never asked them their age i mean i just assume but i think they ' re going to have a bit of shock because they are working the university system as in i turn up do a bit of work for that university then i go off and do a volunteering through university and then i ' m actually working in the community anyway and then i ' m
653. breathing what we ' re saying we do yes exactly and i i was thinking also initially i was thinking well part of the problem is that these students they ' re not students forever they go through the system and then they move on yeah and so you ' ve got this kind of continual thing of of of of er you you start somewhere down here and you learn to a certain level and then that experience is
656. of the road cos once you go down oh you can ' t swap to go the other way oh okay they like go one way well as long as well it ' s a one - way system then so yeah so you ' d have to cross the road and you ' d have to go you ' d yyeah down that way to go that way right mm interesting yes i thought that which
659. cos they can ' t get it they haven ' t got a chance otherwise well in a india that ' s the only thing that ' s the only that ' s the that ' s the system as such that ' s the system mm it ' s not like corruption like a system well that ' s why they keep on getting voted in it ' s the way it works you know and there '
660. it they haven ' t got a chance otherwise well in a india that ' s the only thing that ' s the only that ' s the that ' s the system as such that ' s the system mm it ' s not like corruption like a system well that ' s why they keep on getting voted in it ' s the way it works you know and there ' s a whole hierarchy of bribes going
661. in a india that ' s the only thing that ' s the only that ' s the that ' s the system as such that ' s the system mm it ' s not like corruption like a system well that ' s why they keep on getting voted in it ' s the way it works you know and there ' s a whole hierarchy of bribes going on i ' m sure erm you you br

Cluster 2
40. uni and i ' m really worried and in a lot of pain and i was like had a uti? yeah all her friends were like oh just drink loads of water flush it out your system don ' t do that drink cranberry juice now cranberry juice prevents utis but yeah the only thing that can actually get rid of them properly is antibiotics so i was like you have to
63. mm i have to put in a small line of code i had to find on the internet cos right i can ' t code in unix so in unix? unix is the language of the operating system the language of the operating system yeah but it ' s nice that you get there ' s a sense of achievement it ' s like being able to change the oil in your car or something like that yeah
64. a small line of code i had to find on the internet cos right i can ' t code in unix so in unix? unix is the language of the operating system the language of the operating system yeah but it ' s nice that you get there ' s a sense of achievement it ' s like being able to change the oil in your car or something like that yeah that ' s right mm if
67. i don ' t know it ' s good and it ' s it ' s you know and the thing about it is that it is erm an older it ' s based on an older operating system but it was coded properly from the beginning and like you say your computer was struggling with the latest version yeah of windows but this operating system which is more sophisticated because it is more efficient it actually works better
68. erm an older it ' s based on an older operating system but it was coded properly from the beginning and like you say your computer was struggling with the latest version yeah of windows but this operating system which is more sophisticated because it is more efficient it actually works better yeah uhu even on a i ' ve not had any problems with it it ' s not frozen or crashed or anything like that i
84. i don ' t three or four different ones he ' s had shingles was one shingles yeah don ' t know but erm well if you ' ve built it ' s about your immune system isn ' t it building your immune system yeah you know yes it gets low that ' s why you get things and was i reading something about it ' s you get colds because of there ' s
85. ones he ' s had shingles was one shingles yeah don ' t know but erm well if you ' ve built it ' s about your immune system isn ' t it building your immune system yeah you know yes it gets low that ' s why you get things and was i reading something about it ' s you get colds because of there ' s a decrease or increase in temperature in your
93. it digestive? yeah is it? yeah if that ' s all you ' re having i didn ' t know that it ' s a laxative mm it ' s good for your digestive system so it just clears you out? mm cos er but then if you have salt in the evening mm that helps okay the sugar helps because it ' s fattening mhm mhm albeit in
112. iceland ' s mm if not better yeah i bet it ' s even better it ' s about as cheap as it goes iceland isn ' t it? mm need to eat well keep up your immune system you do yeah need to grab some vitamins in you you gonna stand a chance of having a cold or anything yeah it ' s why swear that ' s why ' s girls get sick so often probably
113. four is when i go in mm i have to take these sachets tomorrow night and they just and it basically says you will not be off the toilet for like er three three hours clears your system then i ' ve gotta take them again that ' s beautifully written oh no it says stay near a toilet i just kept laughing yesterday when i was reading it yeah they ' re they ' re just brutally
122. think so it is i cos you can ' t really change the way that they work cos android phone and samsung do their own version google do a version all th of the same android operating system right? apple ios you can ' t really customize it other than like changing your background or whatever yes well all i supposed to be simpler it is simple i think for a simple person but it '
130. fine it ' s just er taking the pill pill don ' t make you sick does it? but they say to you if you vomit in the next two hours then it ' s not in your system is it? then you ' ve got to go back and get another one yeah yeah or if you ' ve got the shits mm but just make sure you eat something before you go oh yeah line
138. yeah how how come you ' re in this yeah country yeah yeah but when but you we we ' ve got no with this you ' re not on the t yeah you ' re not on my system yeah yeah yeah and and it it takes them about five minutes to yeah do you have another passport? yeah their yeah set procedure you know yeah examining you yeah after that and that works yeah that works fine
140. seeds yeah but she wouldn ' t she you know wouldn ' t go with that because she knows that ' s the type of thing but a bunch of flowers would be a shock to anybody ' s system they were half price but i think they were thirty pence weren ' t they? yeah yeah thirty pence they were no fifty pence alright fifty sorry come on a bunch of anemones er
169. is so not i don ' t think it ' s old wives i think there ' s some scientific evidence it ' s no there ' s some sounds like old wives to me boosts your immune system i just can ' t stop that ' s grim so what about yes bit of a trial really yeah sounds like a mission the whole episode you ' ve done it now first morning we were thinking we were
192. it exactly mum and candy crush or looking at jobs exactly so many box sets of many different series or looking for jobs jobs exactly well hopefully she ' s got three months to get that out of her system and then she ' ll be back on the job job market hopefully so is she stop stopping work now? no thirtieth of december i think oh no that ' s even yeah worse that '
206. off but then he ' s worried about going under anaesthetic the way he is erm and being in hospital yeah and being in hospital because if he catches anything he ' s got no immune system whatsoever now he can ' t really he walks from my mum ' s house to mine and then that ' s it he ' s gasping for his breath he come round the other day and he sat on
208. windows but i ' ll ah i ' ll reload that back up and you can see what is it you ' re running on if it ' s not windows? it ' s the mac operating system is it just called mac operating system? it ' s osx ten point something os what? do you mind if i leave this up here? yeah go on alright never did that read that then eight
220. a bit sometimes i literally get it under my ribcage i was like how the fuck does it even get there? seriously that just some major blockage going on just float your way through my system i know it ' s like come on it ' s gonna run away from me does it not like you? i don ' t think so is it cos you put your face inside its cage?
224. ##h unacceptable oh i saw the weather forecast earlier and there ' s erm some nice weather coming up yes it said it might rain a little tomorrow yeah later on but there ' s a high pressure system coming in temperatures around mid - twenties that should be nice might even be able to sunbathe on the beach yeah yeah i was surprised when we were down in nice you know er how erm how
229. colds when you ' re young than wh than you do when you ' re older mm mm i think it ' s that age isn ' t it you just have to build up your immune system and you do you have to build up the immune system eat worms you ' re just going to get everything aren ' t you yeah i mean there ' s nothing better than being outside and playing in the
230. you do when you ' re older mm mm i think it ' s that age isn ' t it you just have to build up your immune system and you do you have to build up the immune system eat worms you ' re just going to get everything aren ' t you yeah i mean there ' s nothing better than being outside and playing in the mud and jumping in the puddles and stuff like that
252. nothing there it ' s noth there ' s nothing to grip on there ' s nothing no there is no cells there ' s nothing it is just a period it ' s just flushing through your system yeah so you couldn ' t ever say it was pregnancy but the only way it would be considered to be an early miscarriage would if you were sure you were pregnant before and she wasn ' t she
274. have to let that numbness kind of you know no control over it like yeah and that ' s obviously the shock which i think is what my niece is going through now such a shock to the system yeah she ' s gonna come down here for two weeks and have a ball and she ' s going to be getting so much attention and she ' s gonna be seeing so many people she ' s not
276. okay to let my anger show sometimes not too much but sometimes it ' s healthy because when i think about how my mum kept this yeah yeah mm bottled up negative emotion it must have got into her system somewhere and stored somewhere it stored in the pancreas mm now i know that ' s a leap of faith from cancer to whatever but all i know is it ' s taught me a lesson mm mm
297. exact same mm mm but and then and that first person would have survived two billion years before us and then they another like six trillion or whatever then we might have found out how to make a solar system therefore making us but i don ' t know what made them yeah but you ' re talking about you ' re talking in the same way that somebody might talk about god yeah but i just think a lot
305. ' t know anyway it ' s going to be hot hot hot yeah and i ' m going to be wearing more clothes yeah well that ' s going to be a bit of a shock to the system isn ' t it but hopefully breezy mm we ' re going to have to try on all our work clothes yeah gonna have to u get used to going from air con outside back to air con outside
306. into the water supply mm oh my god blimey it ' s funny that ' s alright women will always rule the world yeah that ' s one way of doing it putting some hormones in the system cos there ' s so much you know goes through it the water supply through you all done mrs? you know all that recycling yeah i ' m done that was delicious thanks love mm it ' s
307. well that ' s a relief it ' s still okay but she had she did have pneumonia and i ' m thinking oh how strong is she? yeah and you know cos you just your immune system ' s low isn ' t it? anyway in half - term i came home one day from getting my nails done and erm said oh ' s phoned i said oh he says it ' s
308. ' t spread there as well cos the mm the more it spreads the quicker it is i suppose isn ' t it? mm thing is if it ' s got into your lymphatic system isn ' t it? or yeah mm and it just goes spreads round but but you know the the the awful thing is as well that i ' ve known and cos was at college with so and
330. ##sessively clean oh thank you no it ' s a good thing i have because i ' m not obsessively clean no it ' s a good thing because you build up your immune system erm yes but i do get colds so you ' re not don ' t mind buttering those? can i get the butter please do you find this frustrating? there we are i ' ll
333. choice between android and symbian and i had no idea what he was talking about i hadn ' t heard symbian what ' s that? i think it ' s just a different operating system oh i think nokia phones work a lot with it mm but um i have no idea pff no idea i mean i couldn ' t even work out how to turn it on so but no they '
335. oh i ' ll try it used to have it and it was quite common in er er so i quite enjoyed it the peppermint and it ' s it ' s good for the digestive system yeah isn ' t it? that ' s why it ' s it ' s good for after a meal it ' s good for irritable bowel as well oh right yeah and it ' s
336. anything some people just have it and then they have it for years and years and years and they don ' t really know what causes it yeah cos there ' s no abnormalities within the digestive system that would cause it mm which is why they think it might be like some kind of psychological thing but it ' s not necessarily caused by stress it ' s like i don ' t know could be some
342. do it face - to - face cos then we could use my laptop and shit yeah we can have a laptop become a footballer no no footballing i told you get out get it out your system before you come up cos you ' ve only got four days here i do not wanna be seen i ' ve been trying but it doesn ' t work on my laptop oh no mm such a let
350. facebook um but i think sometimes certainly one person i know in particular the he can put it on there it ' s like a sounding board you ' re kind of getting something mhm out of your system or you ' re thinking you ' re getting something out of your system instead of maybe ranting and raving you know personally mm at somebody mm you ' re actually putting it down on there but thinking
351. he can put it on there it ' s like a sounding board you ' re kind of getting something mhm out of your system or you ' re thinking you ' re getting something out of your system instead of maybe ranting and raving you know personally mm at somebody mm you ' re actually putting it down on there but thinking thinking in a way that it ' s personal but it ' s not
353. no you this is do you know but you ' ve not have you done sort of things like but there ' s like a thousand people a day have have you done things like erm your immune system? yes yes well kissing the stone probably gives it a real good sort of no yeah that ' s like these germs and makes you really strong there ' s more germs on the hand
356. ' s like people you went to school with who i mean no we ' d been like seeing each other oh right okay yeah yeah what? you mean you were like just getting it out of your system? mm mm oh yeah i mean yeah i definitely think it was like getting it out of the system and i think as well it was like at a quite good point to like finish it but you know
357. other oh right okay yeah yeah what? you mean you were like just getting it out of your system? mm mm oh yeah i mean yeah i definitely think it was like getting it out of the system and i think as well it was like at a quite good point to like finish it but you know when you ' re like you like hadn ' t quite done the y i hadn ' t quite called
374. then i did come up a few weeks ' later with a whole batch of oh it ' s good it is good actually isn ' t it? just feeling that sugar going round though mm yeah my system you should call this osborne dessert mm type two diabetes ye mm i ' ve put the lid on to stop me eating more and more oh very moreish actually isn ' t it? oh yeah oh yeah
380. when you were born pluto? it was the thought of as a planet for a while when i was little because i when when i was about maybe three years old i had a big erm solar system thing oh you did you did have a big chart about it yeah yes and there was pluto on it mm although now we ' ve discovered planet nine i think well we haven ' t but there are certain
381. now we ' ve discovered planet nine i think well we haven ' t but there are certain signs of it mm either that or ' s making it up oh i don ' t know in our solar system? in our solar system a ninth planet or tenth planet including pluto which i think that seems a bit mean doesn ' t it to? yeah just take taking a planet i don ' t know how they
382. planet nine i think well we haven ' t but there are certain signs of it mm either that or ' s making it up oh i don ' t know in our solar system? in our solar system a ninth planet or tenth planet including pluto which i think that seems a bit mean doesn ' t it to? yeah just take taking a planet i don ' t know how they decided out of the solar
383. ninth planet or tenth planet including pluto which i think that seems a bit mean doesn ' t it to? yeah just take taking a planet i don ' t know how they decided out of the solar system you know that it was too small and it couldn ' t be a planet but anyway yes so that chart was wrong and all the books that they ' d written about planets were wrong so do you know
393. it i know but you can ' t run half the stuff on it if you can ' t once you reach the point where you can ' t it won ' t run the so the new operating system oh yeah yeah then you can ' t update any of your apps right? yeah i mean i that ' s the stage my phone is yeah yeah you can ' t run anything on it any more and
396. but erm no that ' s grim that ' s horrible to poison you luckily yeah luckily i was alright to play rugby over the next few days so er but i definitely needed that out of my system whatever it was oh and were you alright the next day though? yeah i was fine yeah i ' ve played more of my best games when i ' ve had a really bad hangover er no hang
415. him and then erm yeah whack him in his growbag whack him? erm leave him while you go and make his milk so that he gets the crying out of his system cos if he doesn ' t get the crying out of his system then he ' ll cry when you try and give him his bottle if he gets the crying out of his system by himself in his
416. whack him? erm leave him while you go and make his milk so that he gets the crying out of his system cos if he doesn ' t get the crying out of his system then he ' ll cry when you try and give him his bottle if he gets the crying out of his system by himself in his cot while you go downstairs and make his milk you come back up and
417. out of his system cos if he doesn ' t get the crying out of his system then he ' ll cry when you try and give him his bottle if he gets the crying out of his system by himself in his cot while you go downstairs and make his milk you come back up and he feeds perfectly fine and then when you put him to bed do you just? yes you just got one blanket
430. they ' re drunk oh that guy yeah and that that would be so bad like if you had that um cos like there are a few of them sorts of diseases uh like that affect the nervous system aren ' t there so well i know that like when me me granda had a stroke and he sounded pissed all the time obviously he wasn ' t and i ' m sure he much would have much
431. sure he much would have much rather have been but he was like really slurring and sort of yeah well no it ' s it ' s horrible to it ' s horrible to have your nervous system go isn ' t it it ' s the? i think it was because i think it wasn ' t like he didn ' t think any different he said like obviously once he was better he was saying
432. um but i was reading but because alcohol goes in goes into i think every cell in the body yeah it goes it enters every single cell so every single cell all types of cells and obviously the nervous system the muscles damaged all the cells are gonna be slightly altered in their uh behaviour by having alcohol in them so yeah but i was reading a thing about the thing that i was um saying the it was an
445. anorexic and i think that ' s something like being alcoholic that once you ' re anorexic in a sense you always are mm hm that it ' s kind of in your system so although she ' s no longer in the sort of state that she was as a teenager she still eats ridiculously small portions right so i mean she ' s slightly taller than me but she we ke
458. s always something wrong with you well mm mm yeah er often that ' s not very nice well no i mean it ' s just unfortunate that there ' s usually some kind of i think your immune system or your body has to have something to yeah exactly to worry about it likes being nosey it it has to be worrying about something i er i don ' t know if you ' ve gone for a
459. know you ' ve been exposed to that other one which is not life - threatening yeah because er and that ' s the principle that you ' re sort of teaching the body to er teaching the immune system to um recognize and and er destroy the er virus or bacteria i ' m not sure if it ' s virus or bacteria but i ' m not sure er but yeah so um that was the sort of
464. yeah it ' s acrophobia i mean it ' s just yeah you die of thirst when you have your body repels water you die of thirst it is literally they also attack your nervous system and everything else a zombie disease yeah it must be a horribly painful death horrible way to die yeah a lot of people in peru die from it but not through dogs through bats oh yeah like they get vampire
471. yeah but you know i do wonder if i ' ve got about the psychological addiction because it ' s not really a physical addiction anymore because after a few weeks it ' s sort of out of my system so it ' s only psychological addiction i ' m thinking now maybe i need to not drink in february as well but then i think well let ' s have a really big binge on the first of
474. time it digests food out of the soil for the plant oh right that ' s wei yeah so it it it makes your plants much healthier and they really? they develop a more extensive root system oh is it? erm all you do is sprinkle a bit in your pots and oh yeah? well it ' s so when you pot anything you ' ve grown indoors you plant outside yeah
488. lived there after college but uh i can ' t do london after three i i i ' ve tried convincing myself that it would be nice to make a move i need to get it out of my system probably will do it for a year at some point just just for a a laugh but i i c can ' t see myself doing it for like uh for life hmm cos is the best place to
492. ? you don ' t i ' ll go for green green of? holy shit can i have the green of hearts? yeah it ' s the queen of hearts? what is the name of the system formed by the heart blood and blood vessels? cardiovascular that ' s the one yay yes that was actually the question the hell? what is this? oh my god i know what question i ' m
511. two or something and it was just fifteen minutes and there was this woman scientist she was going through astronomy you know right from the early stages and the different eras when different things were discovered about the solar system and the galaxy and stuff like that yeah and then i mean this was in about thirty - four parts right and er i sort of picked up on one or two of them and they ' re so interesting
512. go back? and yeah and er then i thought what i ' ll do i ' ll stop taking my pills for my rheumatism right? oh right yeah cos they suppress the immune system yeah and if your immune sysystem is repressed you know you can ' t fight bacteria no right so i thought well if i stop taking them perhaps my immune system will be able to fight
513. they suppress the immune system yeah and if your immune sysystem is repressed you know you can ' t fight bacteria no right so i thought well if i stop taking them perhaps my immune system will be able to fight it yeah and er sure enough it hasn ' t got any worse it ' s still a bit of feeling in it yeah it ' s still not right no but i ' m
514. have you had? loads mm mm mm do it properly speak properly trust me i ' m tired you ' re not that tired mm carbohydrates yeah it hasn ' t sunk into your system yet ouch it ' s not it ' s not it ' s not as much as the oh why do i keep forgetting to wash this hoodie? it ' s filthy on the sleeves erm
518. t it? yeah they ' re they ' re just covering themselves that ' s not good they are covering themselves you can tell they ' re covering themselves when they put effects on brain and central nervous system include oh god what else? tiredness headache weakness confusion disturbed concentration disorientation delusions mm hallucinogehallucinogenhalluci hallucinations hallucinations hallucinations
520. were in india and it got better i think under the sun oh okay then when they came back it just flared up again to the extent where it got completely infected but not just her hand her whole system oh god got infected and she was like feeling hot and cold and vomitty she er nauseous vomitty? ha ha she was feeling vomitty has that happened since last weekend? yeah or was
549. back interesting so it ' s how long do you have to stop for? er i can ' t remember how long they profiled it but it ' s a reasonable so if it stays in your system for three months yeah it ' s it ' s a it ' s i was gonna say three months but i don ' t think it is three months i think it ' s longer than that er but
576. term or long lasting or it ' s doing it sort of behind the scenes so it ' s not a quick release yeah er so once it ' s taken a week or so to get in your system will you feel more relief? hopefully yeah yeah er and with this flush thing it ' s not r it ' s not quite right what i wanted is a thing which you just really spray this stream of
577. ' re seen as mad why you don ' t drink i know but it ' s a poison you can ' t even deny that maybe one glass of wine with dinner like red wine for like your system but like it ' s not about the health benefit it ' s about intaking something because you think life ' s more fun with it that ' s killing your body but the thing is for me it
611. mean cells it doesn ' t really matter to be honest but do you do human biology? do a little bit of it but it ' s never the interesting subjects it ' s always about how nervous system works and things i would think that would be quite useful not really well it motor neurones synapses no oh dear yes and you ' ve got to know how everything works do they ever have
618. get like a crisp that sometimes green? ah well that ' s something like uh is that something different? uh no i i think that ' s just one that ' s escaped through their through the system but um sometimes they have like brown pigmentation in crisps which is um it ' s bitter or something and they ' re trying to gm genetically modify crisp well potatoes to get rid of the brown bit
629. are two that i ' ll give you and er keep your eye on the ground just keep on keep looking on on these two websites yeah for saudi jobs that ' ll be such a shock to your system though it ' ll be good though like doing it a young lad ' s got it from erm from just worked in in er just distributing i mean he ' s twenty twenty - three and he '
630. like they ' re the the paramedics like yeah if like you get cut it like it seals it up which is also known as er bruise? which also known as the scab? immune system oh immune system yeah yeah and they ' re like the warriors aren ' t they? and the yeah and the red ones they ' re the ones that carry the blood yeah and they ' re called the
631. re the the paramedics like yeah if like you get cut it like it seals it up which is also known as er bruise? which also known as the scab? immune system oh immune system yeah yeah and they ' re like the warriors aren ' t they? and the yeah and the red ones they ' re the ones that carry the blood yeah and they ' re called the haemog
633. yes mm yes okay that ' s the one that they ' ve lost you can ' t put any organic mm well any sort of food waste or you can ' t put any mm any because our system doesn ' t kind of cook it all up no no whereas your system does yeah so it the microbes don ' t get deaded except it doesn ' t in now unless you pay fifty pounds right
634. you can ' t put any organic mm well any sort of food waste or you can ' t put any mm any because our system doesn ' t kind of cook it all up no no whereas your system does yeah so it the microbes don ' t get deaded except it doesn ' t in now unless you pay fifty pounds right but i don ' t know how they identify whose bin should be emptied

Cluster 3
2. that i don ' t know i ' ve never seen it anywhere i i think there ' s a gap in the market here we could call it unlimited tea the unlimited tea shop thinking more of a system so you know you can get hot water dispensers in your home mm make one of those for tea that would be a very bad idea for my health put them in mm go on then er
3. doing a bit of their their er you know impromptu electrics that they were doing all over the building all the time and you know they took they took a lighting spur off the mm off the fire system in the cleaner ' s cupboard and stuff like that they were always sort of w er why how come they never got killed themselves or anything i really really don ' t know they were just they were m
10. of things but nothing that you would use every day or? i can ' t really yeah i can ' t really think of anything i mean what i did my dissertation on the em library reading list system lasu right which i thought was quite useful at the time yeah but i ' m not sure how how much students use it though i don ' t know and whether they find it useful i never co
11. yeah and it is working in acquisitions it is em they do it a lot actually with lasu do they? yeah say em you know ordering books and things it ' s all based on reading list system but the thing is even if we even if they don ' t access the reading list through the library site they they ' re still getting books on the reading list and they ' ve got the reading list
12. a long time before the police were called in so yes it would so nobody could tell anybody anything anyway no it ' s not like there ' s an in cos if there ' s intercom system yeah mm at least if you ' re on a train there ' s an intercom system someone presumably well hopefully tells you why you ' re held up mm or when you ' re gonna be moving again
13. anything anyway no it ' s not like there ' s an in cos if there ' s intercom system yeah mm at least if you ' re on a train there ' s an intercom system someone presumably well hopefully tells you why you ' re held up mm or when you ' re gonna be moving again alright? yeah but are you sure this was? i thought this uhu is there more
14. over christmas and certainly not yeah mm cos the buses must have been well i suppose the buses wouldn ' t well they no wouldn ' t go anywhere near the car park but no all the road system in the area oh was all blocked and if you ' d bought things like ice cream it would to put in the freezer that would be that wouldn ' t it? you know what a disaster yeah
16. er less but you get to ask questions but you would do if you were production controller like with the production controller they expect you to have asks questions production experience yeah does the for her mm like the system that we use he ' s er people in the hos i don ' t know if you have this we have champions of stuff yeah yeah s we have super - users we call it yeah like that
18. you know what are you gonna do here? how long are you here for? you know w g went from very nice pleasant conversation to you ' re here and you ' re here to abuse our system and you ' re gonna try and run away from us and you ' re gonna try and what? take all our money and it was it was really intense er er all of a sudden really really brutal
19. snakes and erm it was quite deserted but it wasn ' t a terribly good hotel unfortunately it was quite deserted because it was a extremely hot mm and they had trouble with animals dying the vent ventilation system yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and the smell in our room was just unbelievable oh yeah and erm they moved us two or three i mean three times didn ' t we? we moved three times there was
21. just leave it running on instrumental and always have instrumental music running in the house yeah it is why not? oh that ' s a good crack sorry i didn ' t consider the answer hook that speaker system up that ' s right should have come by bit of a beast of a george foreman yeah it is this should be alright up here shouldn ' t it yeah do they need that way? no no everything
23. it? the electronic keyboards mm with the automated mm rhythms yep you get that in like the one i had yeah you get it in main square but they also get a shopping trolley and make a sound system so they have really loud loud speakers uh and and it is yes it ' s like the autom the automatic er rhythm that i used mhm to have on my mm casio keyboard dum de
47. the guy who ' s running the o it ' s called the and basically it ' s it ' s when all the all the works orders come in they have to it goes onto a onto a system and and er they basically organise it and make sure that plants got been got the right meant de to to do the jobs blah blah blah it ' s bit of a joke really it was supposed to be
48. been a manager for twenty - five years but and he was gonna lose his job so if he didn ' t like apply for the one in the he ' s now just putting info on onto the system for it to be done and i if i was him he ' s my age i think maybe he ' ll look a bit no he might be a little bit older i find that very hard to bear
50. they ' ve just got so many different classes that i just don ' t know mm what to do well you ' re best off keeping it i don ' t know whether they have a a a system where you can see how difficult the class is they do at david lloyd i don ' t know it ' s colour co coordinated so that you know how what sort of level it is right you would be
51. yep so you can do the warwick park and ride as well yeah that ' s i don ' t think they ' ve got it for birmingham don ' t think there ' s a park and ride system in birmingham mm mind you i think birmingham ' s got a lot more car parking provision well i ' ve really only been to oxford on the train and it ' s quite a walk from the station into
52. no idea how that man ' s mind works so why does dad have to go to ireland before? there he wants him to look at various things post have a chat with the make sure the security system ' s working that everything in the house is alright um he ' s what was he saying? no he hasn ' t got to go to scotland yet he ' s been in a lot of conversation and
59. ' s not going to be your lasting memory of them yeah you know? mm th that he couldn ' t actually bring himself to write the letter mm personally but maybe it was a shock to the system at the time yeah and they ' ve both kind of forgotten about it erm but obviously i think it ' s been kind of yeah it ' s been in the background yeah in the back of his
61. with regards to customer services i says he needs to be retrained with regards to the complaints procedure because when he looked at it he hadn ' t even he ' d put it on the computer system and stuff but not put it through yeah oh you know and i said you kn an apology as well i says because this has been going on i says and you could see that it had been going on
62. picture send away job innit? mm yeah my bonus hasn ' t been put through because ' s an idiot oh he ' s he rejected a couple of things on adelphi which is a system we put everything through on and we couldn ' t figure out what it was cos like as says she puts like loads of stuff through every single day erm for like holiday requests things like that and
65. a new hard disc hard drive? hard disc? is it the same thing? i think it ' s the same thing yeah i need a new one fitted a brand new one fitted and an operating system put on it again so that would probably cost about a hundred and fifty pounds so it ' s getting to the realms now where it ' s almost as easy to buy a new one isn ' t it
66. was born i went back to tunisia after being back in china for a couple of weeks i put i put i took that with me and left the big laptop and i put it with a double boot system so it could do windows or linux and it didn ' t work very well a lot of the stuff like you said adjusting the the brightness and things like that there erm were certain things that didn '
69. you store your presentation? on on on in the cloud in the cloud right in the cloud sounds so threatening doesn ' t it? but erm so it ' s a bit like a dropbox system? where you can store your stuff yeah er on another server yeah yeah yeah yeah more or less i think y as a free user you can download so many before you mm before they sort of cap it
70. ##avy while you can delicious pies everything is right done to it yeah everything looks like it ' s set up right yeah do you have a funny plate? not really i just like like cock system i have to go one o ' clock six o ' clock two o ' clock seven o ' clock really? no no that ' s do you not do you eat things in like sections? no not
71. at quarter past nine yeah but so that ' s just the usual they probably won ' t wanna stay up all night themselves they ' ll be tired she said she ' s got some sort of basic system upstairs where they can put music through yes just normal microphones upstairs i hope that ' s after us and not in competition you you got the first one yeah? a1 follow the a1 can ' t be
72. in meetings and writing up your your deadlines and stuff on your phone mm like weekly things and some people didn ' t wanna use their phones though no i know they ' re happy with their paper system yeah mm well whatever i mean i don ' t that ' s not i don ' t think it ' s my job to teach that shit so well it ' s just skills it ' s up to
74. okay again but that costs hundreds yeah just for the stupid little pretty circuit yeah i said i say to i ' d rather had a car what used a little more fuel than all this computerised injection system with all these different electronics yeah yeah cos i bet you pay for it in the end don ' t you? well yeah well you do you the phenomenal amount of money they they would charge you
75. s always got work that needs to be done he ' s got work that is the slight break for him not to go erm to her mm but the other break hole kind of be more on system is going good idea if you can afford it but make sure you ' ve done your assignments before you go don ' t be trying to fit everything in when you get back i ' m a bit concerned
78. have gone on holiday is greece and i i think yes that would be quite tricky to do by rail because erm you ' re going through countries that don ' t really have a really impressive rail system mm i mean greece doesn ' t have such an impressive railway system no and bulgaria and mm er that sort of area but mm er just a bit needs more development most of the some of the rolling stock
79. be quite tricky to do by rail because erm you ' re going through countries that don ' t really have a really impressive rail system mm i mean greece doesn ' t have such an impressive railway system no and bulgaria and mm er that sort of area but mm er just a bit needs more development most of the some of the rolling stock is sort of from the former soviet union so it ' s a
80. the planning yes to try and get people erm in more work back to work yes yes yes so the that ' ll be good it would having said that they are making improvements to the greek rail system because they are erm are now online you can book tickets online now which you oh right i couldn ' t do yes ver very long very forward looking yes yes so i think that would help them
86. you buy it on if you buy it for the pc you have to pay for it yeah i mean it ' s really good it ' s real isn ' t it because it ' s an android system yeah which is google owned and yeah and then just to come out of it alright if you if you all you ' ve got to do is if you want if you you can save it or you convert
97. gonna change a government they ' ve got five years a new broom and they change try to change you can ' t do it yeah and they ' re pushed yes the the inertia of the system won ' t allow anything to happen for the first three or four years anyway they ' re like yeah pushing a ball up the up a hill all the time and you know they ' re well i don
101. they want to tell you so even if this company passes me they can still request that i get guarantors and all these kind of things yeah so they can still fail me so they do that system so it ' s at their discretion to i suppose though it ' s like everything isn ' t it? all these like erm health and safety and all that it ' s all done because people have
109. department is he? but he only works four days a week yeah? how did he get that job? well stress stress is it? oh so he has wednesday off so he ' s playing the system too is he? well no he has his timetable is four days a week is it? oh right it ' s not that he has a day off it ' s four days a week mm mm where
110. had er like a a triangle in the corner with a hole in yeah mm and you drilled through that ' s it to put on the wall yeah don ' t have those now they have a cam system do they? so it ' s a three it ' s a three - pronged cam well six on either side like that right and lever and you put it in the holes that are er in the
114. for your dinner? a sandwich? yeah but how like cos in hungary you have your main meal at lunch oh right so that ' s when i have like the dinner like that ' s the system we ' re going on at home oh right yeah that ' s the system we go on at home unless obviously like i ' m at school and stuff and then i can ' t but erm yeah
115. you have your main meal at lunch oh right so that ' s when i have like the dinner like that ' s the system we ' re going on at home oh right yeah that ' s the system we go on at home unless obviously like i ' m at school and stuff and then i can ' t but erm yeah so i have like my main meal with like potatoes or whatever for lunch and
119. ##es on friday was is we were on the run - up to christmas that we needed the nhs to put five hospital beds in various places w been been supposed to have done it all week and their system had fallen down as it often does nhs do not put in the the s the things they should put in lifts blah blah blah blah blah beds erm and so we needed five beds in arjo beds
124. know i obviously said that to i said well engage some of your erm customers to start with before you launch this stuff get the feeling of what they like and dislike and then build that into the system before you mm before you do the major launch and that ' s what i ' m saying with the six month period you look to try and optimise that so when you do go bang you go
125. for that launch mm and we will be away in the uk for the launch so that will be very advantageous ye ye in which context that that you you ' re er already putting in place a system which is which is others will be dealing with it no you and i will be dealing it you you ' re testing this rebel location right? that ' s what i thought we were doing yeah yeah no
127. then yeah use the same template well it ' s it ' s it ' s a template called launch effect right yeah and part of the thing that ula don ' t use but is in the system is that each person who signs up gets a code and if they then pass that code on to their friends and their friends sign up then the system records that they ' re they ' re the the creating
128. ula don ' t use but is in the system is that each person who signs up gets a code and if they then pass that code on to their friends and their friends sign up then the system records that they ' re they ' re the the creating affiliates right so then you say well you look at the top five of them and you go well we ' re going to do something for these people
131. do i get it off and he was like hello? hello? yes it did take me half an hour to work out how to switch my smartphone on the irony of that the irony of that smartphone system is also addicted to hot yoga too she ' s gonna is she going? get some classes too she went to two with me no she went to one with me she went to did you go last night
136. got to focus on yeah i suppose it ' s not part of it yeah he ' s ha he ' s sort of passed over to the next so he ' s got some other erm support system erm and eh sees two people erm that ' s a big change you know just two people a week instead of somebody every day every day yeah it is a big change but yeah they ' ve
142. that ' s erm process that could get erm yeah so it it could be wrong before it wrong before it leaves the continent yeah yeah yeah in which case you ' ve got no chance flawless system but the other thing at the end of the day you say to the customer right you ordered you know seven hundred pipes you ' ve got seven hundred pipes you ' ve got seven hundred alright? so yeah
145. ' s got like corrugated pipe going there and then a corrugated pipe coming off the top yeah which went to the house connection i see yeah so this meter was off and apparently there ' s some new system where they ' ve got to take the top corrugated pipe out and put a solid pipe in so it ' s rigid like oh right god knows why anyway he did this and made a right mess of sort
146. wouldn ' t allow you to do that now but and we would g things used to go down the sink in the in the science lab then yeah yeah down the sink and into the yeah mm sewage system yeah yeah you can ' t do that any more no so within a six - week holiday if we had a six - week holiday three weeks we would literally be getting everything done all the prep rooms tidy
147. sold money to fund it quite a history for the company isn ' t it? i don ' t think that many people associate with the nazi party any more and they desi they devised a payment system funf mark die woche musst du sparen fifive five marks a week five marks a week so they were supposed people were supposed to save five marks a week and eventually buy the
155. doing that so they sent me i got a letter i think it was thursday last week mm erm try not to issue no more cheques and that yeah erm mm anything that goes in your system out your system standing orders yeah direct debits all known yeah they ' re automatically changed to the new code through the system yeah so should already be up and running by the twentieth of january and i
156. they sent me i got a letter i think it was thursday last week mm erm try not to issue no more cheques and that yeah erm mm anything that goes in your system out your system standing orders yeah direct debits all known yeah they ' re automatically changed to the new code through the system yeah so should already be up and running by the twentieth of january and i ' m like
157. more cheques and that yeah erm mm anything that goes in your system out your system standing orders yeah direct debits all known yeah they ' re automatically changed to the new code through the system yeah so should already be up and running by the twentieth of january and i ' m like right why do that over christmas? that is a really silly time isn ' t it? that is mad i
159. and they just say don ' t worry about it but they are a bit funny in well they ' re a bit more particular i mean they are probably more correct because they ' ve got this electronic system and things but i mean that mr is very nice mm yeah that ' s not a problem yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah well i ' ve i ' ve got plenty of time on monday afternoon in principle yeah
160. first fifty a year free or i don ' t know how many books should you read in a year? mm mm ten for the price of five yeah and that ' s too difficult programming into the system well i don ' t know but trying to collect pounds off everybody when you do things online it presumably isn ' t simple well no it just goes onto your account the same as your erm overdue
163. then you can ' t stay to any of them and when i explained to and explained to er it was like oh yeah understand why you said that yeah yeah sorry but mm i put it on the system he put it on the system did he? on the system i ' ll put it on the system yeah erm i ' ll have one please you ' ll have one he ' ll have one don
164. to any of them and when i explained to and explained to er it was like oh yeah understand why you said that yeah yeah sorry but mm i put it on the system he put it on the system did he? on the system i ' ll put it on the system yeah erm i ' ll have one please you ' ll have one he ' ll have one don ' t walk away thank you
165. i explained to and explained to er it was like oh yeah understand why you said that yeah yeah sorry but mm i put it on the system he put it on the system did he? on the system i ' ll put it on the system yeah erm i ' ll have one please you ' ll have one he ' ll have one don ' t walk away thank you i ' ll have one co
166. was like oh yeah understand why you said that yeah yeah sorry but mm i put it on the system he put it on the system did he? on the system i ' ll put it on the system yeah erm i ' ll have one please you ' ll have one he ' ll have one don ' t walk away thank you i ' ll have one cor thank you i ' ll just and
168. quite a good and other factors came in but they met the criteria mm mm whereas they just cheated and so they were really popular cos everybody thought well you can get this cheap affordable yeah affordable clean system oh oh oh oh it ' s damaging isn ' t it? for the brand the whole thing terrible damaging for the made in germany brand agreed agreed yeah there was a german on the panel wasn ' t
170. a mo quiet moment i just really and you have to take a bus for like fifteen miminutes to get to your gate and you know they have this and they have they have this really cool system where they put your bag down and it ' s like a little railway and then it goes along and then it it there ' s a fork in the railway and if it goes down the wrong side that
174. that i plagiarised myself like because you haven ' t but our formative our tutors we had to email it to our tutors so it wasn ' t in the turn it in system which meant it was okay like it was fine you could use that because that ' s sort of what the task was that that makes sense yeah because you know i we we submit all our essays and lab
175. flags up and then if you ' ve a then if it flags something your tutors are looking have you referenced it? okay then i ' ll disregard that yeah it ' s a good and bad system because sometimes you can like click on it and be like hey redirect you to the website which is yeah i thought okay that ' s great but there are like six billion websites yeah yeah i probably
183. i got back home and logged on to my bank account you can see it it would be there yeah mm mm now these don ' t even update them for two or three days mm i the best system i ' ve seen of all is the one that was now ing bank was bank brussels lambert and i could go back for nine years ' history really? on that jesus yeah and it was very easy to
184. ing bank was bank brussels lambert and i could go back for nine years ' history really? on that jesus yeah and it was very easy to make international payments um you know it was a very effective system it ' s only that they changed the security system from passwords to those little machines that has meant i ' ve no longer got access to hmm really? mm has to do it all herself now mm
185. back for nine years ' history really? on that jesus yeah and it was very easy to make international payments um you know it was a very effective system it ' s only that they changed the security system from passwords to those little machines that has meant i ' ve no longer got access to hmm really? mm has to do it all herself now mm it could be arranged but it ' s for the
188. and fabric conditioner in the cupboard above the washer okay erm if you want uk inflation is now nought percent erm i think sometimes there ' s just like a little bug in the system with that i do too er because i ' ve had it that wi with my ipad even before we had the extender that when i arrived aa it didn ' t recognise really? or maybe it was
189. your phone don ' t you? before you redo it? well i don ' t know i w i i was just assuming you wanted to re yeah one of the less no well the whole system and then connect your phone one of the methods that works is if you take the router out then connect to the network ooh i ' m going to get my car polish today thrills and spill
190. mm but that meant trailing the wire all the way across and down yeah what we need is wireless speakers then you just get stick them anywhere in the house and you get what you need it a bose system a bose system yeah that ' s what you need well that their little sli sound bar sound bar wow they ' re good aren ' t they? they ' re fantastic yeah but they ' re very
191. meant trailing the wire all the way across and down yeah what we need is wireless speakers then you just get stick them anywhere in the house and you get what you need it a bose system a bose system yeah that ' s what you need well that their little sli sound bar sound bar wow they ' re good aren ' t they? they ' re fantastic yeah but they ' re very very expensive aren
195. cos there is a meter so i don ' t know how they determine yeah who who who uses er who gets what erm yeah yeah no idea and weren ' t they saying that that meter system goes all the way up the street that that mm two houses per meter yeah gosh yeah mm oh that by the way is the cushion from your chair if you want something behind you oh right okay yeah
196. wasn ' t it? yeah got a lot for the summer i got about fifteen thousand mm over the summer yeah i did also get an email which erm to say that they ' re changing the system a bit which system? the marking? the epen system the epen? yes oh really? really in what way? what was that? well there ' s the platform that you mark on the
197. ? yeah got a lot for the summer i got about fifteen thousand mm over the summer yeah i did also get an email which erm to say that they ' re changing the system a bit which system? the marking? the epen system the epen? yes oh really? really in what way? what was that? well there ' s the platform that you mark on the computer is going to
198. i got about fifteen thousand mm over the summer yeah i did also get an email which erm to say that they ' re changing the system a bit which system? the marking? the epen system the epen? yes oh really? really in what way? what was that? well there ' s the platform that you mark on the computer is going to need some additional system requirements oh mm uh
199. the epen system the epen? yes oh really? really in what way? what was that? well there ' s the platform that you mark on the computer is going to need some additional system requirements oh mm uhu that was before they started it you mean technical requirements of the computer? big change yes to what now? erm i don ' t think it will we still meet everything?
200. the laptop that was with wi - fi mm mm mm mm i think they prefer you not to use wi - fi because it does require quite a bit of sort of data energy from the the wireless system and generally it would have to be a ninety percent strength which is maybe yes just a little bit of a high expectation yeah in real life it doesn ' t need to be ninety percent but and we are
201. a new theory being born right now okay so er thathat as you ' ve explained might be the context of of individual learning plans such that people can as indeindependents of of a system find a mechanism to learn what they want the way they want to do it and so it becomes highly individualised and hints erm of great benefit to everybody who wants to be involved in that system it
203. people with certain skill to ensure that they carry that yeah? okay but it ' s another one yeah right? it yeah right? i don ' t know how to put together er a coma computer system but i know how to i ' ll prprobably be able to procure the right people to do it and make sure that they do what i want them to do to a certain amount and
207. erm some of them have got erm cameras at the back and the front to help you yes that would be good as well that comes up on the erm it ' s off the entertainment system oh i see yes of course most medium to high - spec cars now come equipped with satnavs yes already built in yes yes that ' s good isn ' t it? erm most have telephone
209. ' ll reload that back up and you can see what is it you ' re running on if it ' s not windows? it ' s the mac operating system is it just called mac operating system? it ' s osx ten point something os what? do you mind if i leave this up here? yeah go on alright never did that read that then eight pages in yeah it could ' ve
216. re building all these solar panels and then we ' ll have no land to er get food grow any food and mm mm and the wildlife mm so what you think there ' s gonna be a better system than solar panels? there ' s gonna be oh i would think somebody ' s gonna come up er yeah with a i mean it could be a completely different technology but still using the sun yeah it '
217. lose? well a lot? well it would be more than ten percent i would think mm it er it er yeah probably quite a bit more than ten percent because you ' re losing in the grid system in the uk with the typical transmission losses will be about eight percent i would think and it ' s gotta go under the sea at one point yeah and putting it under putting it underground or under sea is
218. the nationalists are playing but mm i i think they may be taking a big risk with that why would i in england want to have scotland as an independent country part of using our curr our banking system mm with a central bank that ' s there of lender of last resort to bail them out why would i wanna do that? i wouldn ' t wanna do it mm why can ' t they have
219. the granny in the flat this is what happened last week when and i were watching tv can only watch x factor or strictly now yeah exactly recording recording the same time sorry this is this is a flawed system you can watch something that ' s already pre - recorded or you can record like you can watch a box set oh really? yeah you just can ' t watch live tv oh right that ' s not
221. the nineteen years that i lived in we bled the radiators four times no do you know what it is? they changed our valves which means that they had to empty the water from the whole system when they refilled it dirt got in right okay so dirt and air is clogging up and that ' s why the noise is there so it ' s really boring it ' s your go
222. or sort of or the same sort of child so that she no couldn ' t do that no no and her s again she oh dear it goes on erm she had a gang that was her system she she she found a little gang and they were led by a man what was his n a boy? what was his name? oh i can ' t remember his name but erm he was a
223. i swear to god if you get this right but no well i ' m betting everything just for the hell of it railway journeys and it was green wasn ' t it? ye what type of railway system harnesses the principles of electromagnetic propulsion? oh er you should know this actually magnorail? maglev oh shit yeah that ' s not right no that wasn ' t quite right so it ' s
225. ' s the biggest engineering project in europe is it? is it? at the moment oh wow yeah now you these machines that come from germany are just amazing but when you see mm the the underground system as it is it ' s packed now people everywhere yeah it ' s an amazing system that ' s that ' s nearly as bad as india with with the er the amount the amount of traffic that goes
226. oh wow yeah now you these machines that come from germany are just amazing but when you see mm the the underground system as it is it ' s packed now people everywhere yeah it ' s an amazing system that ' s that ' s nearly as bad as india with with the er the amount the amount of traffic that goes through traffic go through yeah amazing when you think about all the people that are moving and
227. goes through traffic go through yeah amazing when you think about all the people that are moving and yeah stuff mm absolutely amazing and and er they did a little thing on there the other day about the underground system th and and the passengers and in rush hour people literally fight to get on because there ' s just not enough room and then they ' re standing there like that once they ' re in yeah yeah yeah
232. then the update didn ' t load and it got stuck in the middle and nothing worked and it was like and then i mm just decided it took me three months to get used to use the apple system because it ' s different oh is it? erm they ' re getting closer and closer because windows copies more and more but erm so i use windows at work because obviously all the machines are like
233. this uvargu pies signs on the cage when they look out there are pies yeah but erm yeah but i ju well if you ' re worried about that get like a better alarm system yeah yeah you know a light that comes on yeah so there ' s one german shepherd near me but apart from that oh there ' s one boxer apart from that they ' re all yippy dogs yi
253. had that no well we al we er uea ' s really strict it ' s quite high in the rankings so er everything is very by the book and er they brought in the new franking system which no one could work but er completely ridiculous and really very hit and miss in terms of whether it punched anything punched your hand punched the work until you said can you show me? no busy read the
260. old triumph yeah and er sort of started off just making replacement parts and stuff like that yeah and then sort of slowly er had er one bike and then got some money from somewhere and redesigned the whole system yeah the whole s the whole lot but they worked out the principle that they would make twins i don ' t think they ma no they don ' t make a single they make twins a triple and a
261. church not open no erm cos no one ' s got it then you know? no one can use it no so is there any security cameras available? no it ' s an alarm alarm system yeah but they got to be any good is it? the alarm system actually the security cameras would would catch it they ' re not that expensive now are they? no not the security cameras aren ' t
262. then you know? no one can use it no so is there any security cameras available? no it ' s an alarm alarm system yeah but they got to be any good is it? the alarm system actually the security cameras would would catch it they ' re not that expensive now are they? no not the security cameras aren ' t no cameras really well you can get smart ever so cheap but but our
263. on don ' t worry sorry i didn ' t mean to do that erm there was a cafe with erm i i sorry a lovely cafe but there was a little shop and they had a system where you erm washed your hands on the way in and you sampled every cheese going round the whole there was about thirty cheeses dad must have been in heaven dad was happy he said never mind dinner
264. the good thing is because we have so many new systems all learning all the time so that was the hardest thing about starting in november was because it w that was basically when we were starting a new system so they were trying to show me the old way but show me the new way and it was all very confusing so erm i think that ' s put me in quite a fortunate position because i '
265. the old way but show me the new way and it was all very confusing so erm i think that ' s put me in quite a fortunate position because i ' ve just run with the new system because there ' s no point learning the old one mm mm mm mm whereas i think the others have had a lot longer to be working the old system and they ' re finding it a bit difficult to
266. because i ' ve just run with the new system because there ' s no point learning the old one mm mm mm mm whereas i think the others have had a lot longer to be working the old system and they ' re finding it a bit difficult to move across so mm for example yesterday i spent time with one of the seniors showing them how to use the new scheduling system mm and that was quite nice
267. to be working the old system and they ' re finding it a bit difficult to move across so mm for example yesterday i spent time with one of the seniors showing them how to use the new scheduling system mm and that was quite nice because it was quite nice to be able to help rather than being the one that ' s helped mm so it ' s alright it ' s quite nice mm and it is
268. s it ' s really good way of doing it really? erm the waste systems you know all the plumbing and the waste from the house erm rather than go into the the main sewerage system erm they they built a series of reed beds which filter and cleans water it ' s a completely natural way of mm sewers mm i mean and there was a big programme about all of that
269. of of extra admin work because of our role change and then she sent round this email and it was just like now i ' ve been speaking to blah blah blah the controller of erm this system we ' re using and she ' s saying that our new process is working really well and you know we ' ve just got a few tweeks to make but it ' s working really well mm
270. ##weeks to make but it ' s working really well mm and i messaged one of the other girls on my team i was like did she ask you if you were happy with how the new system was working? cos i ' m not entirely sure who has told her that this new process is working well because it ' s really not so she ' s just lying she ' s just yeah she
277. meetings where you where the presenter is going through slides and they tend to switch between him and the slides yeah but that must be a that ' s the whole point that ' s what i suppose our system tries to avoid because that could be quite irritating because you ' re not in control of when you switch from the from the slide to the speaker are you? or vice versa no we ' re not in
281. ##titchmarsh oh alan? yes last night mm and er he was he ' d done a garden for a ninety - year - old lady ah and erm he was talking about this irrigation system yeah and then was saying oh ' s got that oh yes we ' ve got one of them ' s got all that stuff and i was saying how he was telling me how he used to d spend
282. there ' s like there ' s quite a lot of like research been done into energy behaviours about this kind of thing there ' s like a period of time when you ' ve got a new system or a new house that you get to know it and you try different things and stuff and iif after that like you haven ' t sort of fix sort of got into some sort of thing that '
283. it to not come in the morning and just come on in the afternoon if you wanted to n yeah but i mean our i don ' t know parents be crazy i did try and understand their heating system previously but it was just like there ' s there ' s eight times the amount of copper here that there needs to be i don ' t have a clue what ' s going on ah your parents are
285. must do it randomly and that that that that ' s unfair though because oh i i don ' t know it ' s ju it ' s just frustrating because i know they need some sort of filter system so they don ' t have so many people coming for interviews and things but just because i might have failed this questionnaire doesn ' t mean that i ' m gonna be a bad worker exactly but all
286. the eu free travel and it you everybody can come in and i say everybody that ' s a that ' s a general statement but people can come in and you know they know how to work the system then that ' s not fair at all like it ' s it ' s depressing to think that okay well when i start working i ' ll have to pay thirty percent of my wage but people other
292. other meter well what confused us is there were four pictures for our electricity and we were like why we don ' t have four meters do we? but we have some complex we have four tariffs tariff system oh god so like so there ' s like a it ' s more expensive at the weekend and cheaper at night and something else oh yeah we have like these four tariffs or complex meter tariff thing oh co
295. ' m not saying there is or isn ' t a god i ' m thinking it ' s very ah i don ' t know very impossible but it ' s possible that erm our universe solar system or whatever could actually just be a little project that people even bigger than us are working on i don ' t know so you ' d you wouldn ' t believe in heaven but you might believe there '
296. some mad people up there using us as a project? erm i think that doesn ' t make sense to me in two billion years from now we could probably have the technology to create a solar system i ' m saying that so if if it started off with just a rock and one guy or like one thing probably doesn ' t look like a human cos that would be very rare that we '
301. i ' m not sure now it might do it a day before or it might do it both but you see when i have my doctor phoning me she doesn ' t put an appointment in the system no she does it off her own bat i think she just writes a note on her desk to phone me yeah cos on a couple of occasions i phoned up to check about the timing mm and
309. you don ' t want that one? that ended up under the couch because the government wants you to switch transfer to to keep the banks honest okay the the the government i think told them get some system going to allow it to happen simpler or we ' ll kick you and the banks have done it okay i ' m not trying to i can ' t prove it no no no no but er no well
310. at night so like a super saver and a yeah yeah and then maybe even more or less at the weekend i ' m not sure and yeah depending yeah they said it ' s called a complex system oh okay but erm the idea is it certainly sounds it yeah i know i don ' t know what it means so we ' ll see we haven ' t had any bills yet i think they estimated
312. and i think it ' s a great so yeah it sounds really interesting the big pro one of the big projects i ' m working on is for the mm they ' re looking for a new investigative system right to help them with fraud across all aspects of fraud you know because the being that it ' s got most of the financial sector in there fraud they want to get it right and then they want to
314. old apartment like what is this man? i know have you looked on google? what the fuck is it going to tell me to go pull the string? wait it might just tell you how the system works like what is that about? come on checking then it gets like stuck you know i ' m going to change string oh my god no there ' s people on the bus that can fucking see us
315. ? well no why would i want mm hm mm hm a bottle? it just seems completely nonsensical yeah and i buy water for the bottle no but they need to probably get a better system yeah part of my degree was on water and they talk about it being liquid gold and the new oil mm hm because i imagine free energy will be available and oil will be redundant in the coming decade or
317. okay so it ' s could be that we ' ll meet about i dunno five if it ' s six to go over there yeah and then we ' ve got to work out the car parking system yeah mm they give you a secret number don ' t they? er it changes every day yeah so they they put the number up at the start of the meeting yeah so any thief that ' s in
318. i know next time i go out i ' ll i ' ll get one it ' s just no good it ' s reopening on wednesday yeah and there ' s like apparently a new sound system and everything oh right they have wi - fi i know yes this is really sad this is so exciting you can communicate with people what gets me though is that they spent forty thousand pound or something ridiculous over
320. need me the er erm for the i mean he was erm he said you know i ' m i ' m glad you came because er it w you know we we ' ve got our system going it was good cos we we knew what we were doing by yeah yesterday really he and yeah identify everything get everything in place doing all what they were yeah like er moving of the pipe and er
321. but they don ' t because they know mm it ' s cheaper to have the man go and turn the sprinkler on and off yeah three times a day yeah than to have an automatic system bother doing it with a timer yeah because that costs money and mad isn ' t it? that guy doesn ' t cost anything and he ' s replaceable yeah well that ' s good for labour and
322. where the apples fail but yeah but yeah i guess technology could fail and the greenhouse i dunno yeah breaks or whatever and like yeah and obviously yeah in the desert that would be disastrous if your cooling system didn ' t work yeah then it can ' t be done yeah but it is amazing see you ' re more the like mm the greenhouses now we ' ve got in the uk like east anglia they
323. s in full the last i heard was they hadn ' t even sorted out a dvd standard for or blu - ray standard for mm four k right and they haven ' t even got the hdmi system that can handle four k see i just originally thought four k was the actual quality of the tv but it isn ' t is it? it ' s the it ' s the way they film isn '
327. get my visa forms filled in and stuff stuff like that oh yes it ' s quite a we had a whole session cos the same happened with my did mum tell you? with the sonos system yeah i think you told me erm and they suggested it was aligning the name of the extender and just giving it the same name as the router which i did but it didn ' t
328. be a dos window i remember dos windows c c plus plus erm he does canny stuff like for instance when we were in germany now none of us could connect to the internet there disk operating system and right that ' s what dos stands for and he you know he just knew what how to do some canny stuff which enabled us then to do it so like teaching it ports that it can use
329. enabled us then to do it so like teaching it ports that it can use and all this sort of stuff takes goes back to the beginning of mr gates and what he did is it? disk operating system do you know mr gates is do is donating ninety - nine percent of his wealth yes that ' s true yeah didn ' t know that well he ' s getting richer at the moment still without trying
332. stop in and have a pizza delivered and all this and that so they come i ' m sitting here i ' d just literally finished work at ten to four cos i ' ve got a new system now tell you about that so i was just sitting here with a cup of tea thinking oh be here three minutes even just three minutes ' peace would be nice and they appeared and it was always wants to
334. around in oother kind of similar shops? well i think holland and barrett that type of thing yeah it ' s a good one cos you can also order online and they have a points system erm they can be quite dear some of their stuff though i ' ve seen yeah but they have good sales sometimes yeah when they have offers on you can get some of the holland and barrett stuff in
344. finish till midday so it ' d be good for something to be prepared so yeah basically monday tuesday wednesday i ' ve gotta take in lunch mm which is a bit crappy so i need a proper system going on here for have we got the correct tupperware necessary to be able to take some hummus in er maybe a boiled egg some cheese some cut up veg? yeah i mean we have
345. pretty far south was down to like minus twenty and like everywhere was frozen for quite a while england actually that was when we got a lot of flooding it was the same storm oh it was the same system yeah but they were being frozen the whole of america got like frozen and oh yeah yeah yeah i do remember yeah did you not hear about that? yeah and you were getting the same weather system yeah i
346. same system yeah but they were being frozen the whole of america got like frozen and oh yeah yeah yeah i do remember yeah did you not hear about that? yeah and you were getting the same weather system yeah i do remember but it was causing it to drop the water mm but america was getting hit pretty hard with that as well i think it gets a like a knock - on effect from like a a
347. with that as well i think it gets a like a knock - on effect from like a a massive tidal wave like happened in sri lanka a few years ago yeah and it just er affects the weather system so much and it just a knock - on effect to everybody el el everywhere else on the globe i definitely notice patterns with here and in korea like we seem to have similar weather patterns depending on the year
352. ' s kind of what ' s the what ' s the problem with waiting for the green man? because cos no but but our our our like but we pay but we pay for this safe system coming back to your to your to your to your erstwhile imminent friend doctor or whatever his name is i d i do cross the road without a green man like that ' s what i said well
360. put it back on again bit strange that turn it on and off again back in again yeah it works how bizarre just needed to reboot yeah looks like it yeah yeah it ' s that complex german system take my hand then? i ' ll help you get oh what was that? high five give me a low five it ' s this way i think oh too slow give me a low five we '
362. need erm a phone that can access the internet oh right an android phone a nokia phone any of them will access the internet yeah anyway i managed to do it but i was really impressed about the system and also their so where did you drop it? in the garage mm they ' re the big boxes in the garage so i haven ' t been in the gara so and they said well that '
363. more than anything they were kind of things people would have mm particularly or that many companies well they were bigger sorts of things because you needed different sorts of stuff yeah cos we er our our ou system ran on one vax computer yeah mm oh used to do that and then we had four vax computers a b c and d did vax at i think it all linked in and then were they
366. had this discussion before like italy and spain where yeah you must carry your dni all the time your you know identity card yeah then it ' s plausible it ' s it ' s a feasible security system yeah to require people to bring their yeah identity car well cos they have to have it anyway and m for all i know that may happen in er well but not in britain because you ' re not
371. nice yeah that ' s a different sort of wind chime isn ' t it? yeah we ' re all playing but are they all their own ideas? or do you? yeah yeah joins the system you can come and it all comes together like the movement mm so right spring my daffodils aren ' t out yet well a few are battery fits in there so mm mm look at that nice
372. er i mean fires have moved on even in the ten years oh yes i ' m sure since we ' ve had ours actually it ' s got a double functioning erm burn it oh yes mm system so that it actually burns oops more of the carbon which of course is the stuff that causes the the cloudiness but i mean that one is always clear yeah it ' s a very attractive fire actually
377. men sleep in the afternoon and the spanish and look how productive they are yeah but you are you are welsh you are no i ' ve i ' ve gone soft now you know see you know your system it is lovely a siesta no i can ' t do it no no it ' s very nice i ' m not very good at going to sleep if i ' m not in bed no do
387. a ticket it ' s got nothing to do with making money it ' s not a f oh no not a monetary fine it would be yeah it ' s a definite monetary fine it ' s a system to make money yeah sure at thirty i mean this is ridiculous you yeah yeah you might as well automate this there ' s no point in driving is there? but it ha they erm they can
388. late well ain ' t like cos we ' re just circling around the same place well you see it ' s funny centre of is you take a wrong turn you get stuck in the one way system and that one in it ' s like it ' s some kind of a different place i ' ve never been to that it ' s er down by the in the the the erm oh right i
389. ' s what what takes up the time yeah i see reading through taking in the information correctly anyway it ' s really boring but and who ' s gonna check it though i mean what ' s the system behind it? well the system behind it is that they ' re then i mean i asked that as well so i said oh you know? well someone ' s gotta supervise it right? well they have
390. the time yeah i see reading through taking in the information correctly anyway it ' s really boring but and who ' s gonna check it though i mean what ' s the system behind it? well the system behind it is that they ' re then i mean i asked that as well so i said oh you know? well someone ' s gotta supervise it right? well they have all these editors i mean it
391. realm yeah it ' s it ' s all completely in the digital realm erm mm and then apparently erm and apparently so then it ' s written and we put it on to the content management system mm and then it goes live and then i think there ' s random quality control so i might end up looking at somebody else ' s stuff and having to randomly edit it oh so you so you you
392. are actually saving a lot of money by eliminating the kind of manual labour but er er creating er an intelligence you know yeah almost artificial intelligence yeah yeah to erm to to to have this kinda automated system to deal with mass data yeah yeah you know and that ' s more like the longer that ' s the kind of approach we have now in anything any processing but any any don ' t you think though
394. or i can open it in word mm right? but it ' s not and and you can i think you can put word documents into here or on to the top level mm but as a filing system it ' s not that m it ' s not great really yeah but we ' re talking about you know i i you know i ' m seeing this as an upgrade from the iphone so you know everything
395. one time every one of the five hundred kids have got something that they ' re doing for an hour yes so then it ' s and then move onto the next thing they go on or and whatever system which at first was to so does everybody have a little schedule for the day? er pretty much i but i was activity precious which means i stayed in one place and ran an activity for the kids that
397. way was just twenty yeah you couldn ' t do it in the car or anything twenty? twenty pound wow erm but if i muck - up if there there ' s a break in the system i pay loads more because you pay full price for a ticket yeah yeah so if the train ' s late or something you? i think you get away with it if the train ' s late oh right
399. the real world so for example they work at tesco ' s mm because that to us seems like it ' s the real world cos it ' s outside our bubble yeah they are in a system of bubbles themselves aren ' t they? yeah absolutely erm and their idea of the real world exists outside of their spheres so i i can understand where it where it comes from but and we do need
400. over their own lives it ' s like drive you know cars that drive themselves it means that you can ' t speed you can ' t yeah if the authorities or whoever ' s got control of the system well means you can ' t go down there and you can ' t go down there we ' ve already got and we ' ll all just gonna cars that park themselves they ' ve developed that already yes
401. ye so it ' s my own fault actually yeah well it ' s no it ' s it ' s er you ' ll get out of it because that ' s a it ' s an automated system that that ' s er that that ' s an automated system and erm voice recognition which has just gone towards the n rather than the m how mu is the fine by the way do you know?
402. ' s no it ' s it ' s er you ' ll get out of it because that ' s a it ' s an automated system that that ' s er that that ' s an automated system and erm voice recognition which has just gone towards the n rather than the m how mu is the fine by the way do you know? i dunno it doesn ' t actually say on there is
403. the next couple of months so ah he ' s got various things he ' s got some guy ' s come to them with this amazing sound erm what is it? it ' s a speaker system that is sort of that thick you can put it in the back of pictures and all sorts and it will both give out sound and record they want financing so anybody that wants sort of financing as a computer
404. teaching cos it ' s such a big market yeah there are for anything there is for anything i remember we had we had a problem cos when we moved schools we had all this wonderful computer system computer system and erm they provided us with some package which had got some on they were erm whiteboard eh sort of you we us resources you could use with the whiteboard and they said this
405. ##s it ' s such a big market yeah there are for anything there is for anything i remember we had we had a problem cos when we moved schools we had all this wonderful computer system computer system and erm they provided us with some package which had got some on they were erm whiteboard eh sort of you we us resources you could use with the whiteboard and they said this is just
407. the henry miller was the museum is that right? maybe something like that yeah gotta remember this too yeah it ' s important information isn ' t it? yeah that was a really cool spot though honesty system coffee on the porch and it was basically just a book shop in what used to be his house wasn ' t it? erm i think so yeah henry miller memorial library psst henry miller memorial library
408. they ' re all lit up it looks amazing yeah it was pretty cool it was so funny yeah yeah shari elf ' s studio was great the way uhu that was like more of that honesty system just it ' s here for whoever stumbles across it kind of yeah like cos the the world famous crochet museum i have seen on the internet and it is just that green box full of
413. to er i ' ll get that cup of tea what kind of chocolate you have? oh it ' s orange green and black ' s dark erm we need to get a better sort of drying system washing up well you know what i ' m what i ' m going to try and get? cos you can start drying now to do erm and when he comes back i want i thought you
420. ' s yeah not going to reflect yeah what it is but it ' s just that the standard is doing it by how many bedrooms isn ' t it? yeah but they should almost have a different system shouldn ' t they than what is it? it ' s a study it ' s two yes yes two reception rooms i mean actually i think it ' s best described as wait a minute one two three
421. creativity i don ' t think you ' re supposed to do these things just for doing you know i think the idea is that you become a better er well the er when puts them on this online system he chooses things that it ' s like well you know help with learning new challenges or whatever whatever like the learning outcomes from it it ' s just bull yeah i mean don ' t swear that wasn '
422. of er of wa well in theory yeah but like a fingerprint database what? every? if you think of every song that ' s ever been produced you ' d have to set up a whole system of people putting these things in for every single song into this system well yeah but once you ' ve got a fast enough computer that should be easy enough shouldn ' t it? if people want your well
423. database what? every? if you think of every song that ' s ever been produced you ' d have to set up a whole system of people putting these things in for every single song into this system well yeah but once you ' ve got a fast enough computer that should be easy enough shouldn ' t it? if people want your well er f want their work copyrighted specially then they ' d just
424. submit the song that they want yeah in the future i think that would be hopefully conceivable the computer records the wavelength but is it worth paying all that money to set up that kind of system? which is a huge project well it ' s massive right? probably better than paying a thousand people to yeah but randomly check what i was saying about the copyright law it ' s surely gotta change?
427. ' d think you ' d at least get a copy of the x - ray yeah that was damn it but yeah it d it was impressive it was so quick they just wanna get you through the system i guess at that point so that ' s good mm but erm did you m were you made to wear a little lead thing over you over my what? over you no no no? it '
428. i just thought if you had it done you had it done yeah i did as well they so i was like na ah and the second time no you ' ve got a weird body i know the system of an eight eighty year old it ' s a little oldie and they ' ve never gone to the doctor ' s never gone to the dentist in their life you know like oh no go to the
434. go to germany and then pay it blooming again when they stop you and catch you god that happened to you did it? oh dear i went there one christmas right and uh i bought a stereo system yeah sort of stacking system yeah and they pulled me in and checked the boot why haven ' t you declared this i said hang on a minute you haven ' t asked me any asked me to declare
435. it blooming again when they stop you and catch you god that happened to you did it? oh dear i went there one christmas right and uh i bought a stereo system yeah sort of stacking system yeah and they pulled me in and checked the boot why haven ' t you declared this i said hang on a minute you haven ' t asked me any asked me to declare anything? and they go oh
436. he had that bloke write his own program he did didn ' t he? whereas he could have just gotten the sage that ' s right fork out five hundred quid and got a perfect system that ' s right which would work for anybody cor dear they said coming yeah he was there every day wasn ' t he? he ' s there every day yeah while he ' s fiddling oh
437. trouble there cos when you look at the map you ' re never quite sure whether it goes under or joins that ' s right yeah ain ' t it? yeah whether it ' s one way system yeah or yeah but this one kept taking until we we give up in the end and just just went anywhere mm well i i looked i thought well ' s birthday is coming up i want to buy her
438. power completely erm for for say a week because of some disaster something got flooded or you know erm i don ' t know what would happen say the thames went into the flooded into the underground system well i mean it ' s up above it anyway isn ' t it? mm and if that got into it and then the whole all the electrics went and and it mm well the underground have got
439. a loo and to have a little tea making corner really? for people that visit so it ' s it makes it friend so people will want to visit no one is gonna and improve the heating system people won ' t want to visit in the week yeah it just it just seems a bit silly when right next door they ' ve got all the cups and saucers and everything there mm yeah yeah well
450. that is they ' ve done that er has that ever broken? mm only that time the other week when cos they didn ' t put the no that was the chimney that wasn ' t the system well yeah the chimney flute well why would it break? it ' s only heating the water pipe unless the water pipe bursts and there ' s nothing to break i don ' t think well i don '
451. buildings and clearly very lucrative rental cottage oh called cottage this cottage has its own entrance and grounds and there ' s a good sized swimming pool to keep the gardens and then you get access to a private system but of course it ' s er it ' s only for a certain limited amount of things yeah yeah extras cost er cost a lot extra right you know yeah so it ' s all yeah yes the grounds
452. done that bang yeah but these companies aren ' t using it no i don ' t think they ' re using it because no they want the facebook thing yeah we had erm a automated log on system at the at the fire station so you had to you had a well you had to go to their that web page then put in all your details and then put in when you were going to be out
453. ' s why i would never do it myself mm er but in theory you can i mean it ' s not like a pressing you can replace cos i ' m sure because of this rather weird system of you know running this pulley across the top of the door and down the side yeah i ' m sure somebody must ' ve um put that in er and the wooden um tut er ha er
461. think it ' s a type of writing it may come from some culture i don ' t know any more details about it other than that i think but i just know that it ' s a writing system yeah yeah yeah it ' s just cuneiform came up here somewhere cuneiform yeah yeah do you know what a diacritic is? no diacritic is any kind of mmarker
462. ##cn i don ' t know international standard cd number have to see when we get a cd won ' t we? lets type c in see what happens acronym what does iscn and international system for human citogenics no that ' s not right is it? i mean it probably is slightly different if you hold this and keep talking i ' ll go and see go and have a look
463. heavy which they also talk about kind of trials and tribulations of the pre digital age linguistics researcher ah a stenograph is a keyboard machine for reproducing letters in the shorthand system oh right is that what you were thinking of? nothing to do with what you were saying where would that be used? for erm minutes i guess would have been used yeah courts yeah they have to
468. me of cou yeah really to say that we ' re a first world country we have an amazing health care system yeah our utilities are through the roof yeah no that ' s amazing our public transport system is quite frankly bonkers yeah i er yeah it ' s completely bonkers the underground how much does that shit cost lately? oh my god don ' t oh every time i look at the national express
475. looked to get some more right cos l reckon it was quite effecti and then you can put it in hanging baskets you can put it in yeah yeah yeah and it will improve the the root system yeah mm mm but i guess they won ' t keep selling it cos the people who have already bought it it will now be in the soil right i see so once you ' ve established it and
476. i don ' t trust them at all i ' m not saying that there aren ' t amazing doctors out there yeah who are very knowledgeable mm but i think in general mm they go through a system where you need to go oh yeah they do and they ' ll they ' ll push the pills before they do anything else yeah oh take this er antidepressant mm yeah take that try this anti
478. shouldn ' t be mm and there are a hell of a lot of people that probably should be having children that aren ' t mm so i don ' t see why we just what i my perfect system would be i ' m cold you don ' t you don ' t have a child i if i ' m talking sci - fi like you know what i mean? mm like in a in the future
486. else but that ' s why i ' m saying like so everyone will not work for football so then it ' s like it ' s like you don ' t why don ' t you reset the system? no no no like the players and things like that so just the players just switch off the switch it back on again just like fifa i don ' t mean like people who work at the grounds or
487. the fact that we ' ve got at least sort of four five different retailers doing online deliveries that and had have had to work it means you ' re going to have to try have some kind of system that overlaps with that and mm in common i don ' t think that would work terribly well considering how erm competitive and volatile the erm supermarket industry is yeah but obviously it will be nice when
490. back wall garden yeah yeah yeah so we just sit in the back garden and we just watch the back wall yay and we ' ll hook up like uh you know like a bit of a sound system to it and get the full surround sound it will be great fezel ' s driving yeah yeah absolutely and people can bring their films or you know it ' s just a dvd player isn ' t it
493. okay so it ' s all done by computer? that kind of? well the computer controls the the processes but did she was she being was she very hands on or was she more developing the computer system? well i think she was eh controlling doing the software that controlled what the machines did oh wow so it ' s programming cos she i went up there to see her and she showed me around the
498. i don ' t know how many times i ' ve told them that i don ' t live in anymore and they keep ringing me and i ' m like will you please just take me off your system? i don ' t live there and they ' re like oh okay it ' s like well obviously you ' re not no computer systems aren ' t very good are they? well no it ' s
499. the people using it yeah or people who can ' t be arsed to clean the databases yeah human computers that would only do what we tell them to do so you can ' t blame the computer system we we ' ve had a lot we have we get a lot of s er criticism about couriers but i was really impressed with this this week i mean er the office they looked and went well i
502. up with the the girl and the bedrooms and the wedding didn ' t i oh yeah and how i thought couldn ' t do anything and then chris did it yeah well today found the reservations in the system oh really? yeah and what did he say? did he kick off? he said what ' s this? yeah proper kicked off um cos apparently chris has got them and stuff based on selling things
503. thing is though like in my erm at my hospital at home like when i went to an orthodontist appointments it would pick up eduroam from really? because they use the same system in like hospitals and stuff like oh my god learning hospitals yeah but it ' s really shit that one really oh god so what who ' s emailed oh god today? i don ' t wanna know
504. of it right we ' ll go we ' ll go up we ' ll head up now is daddy ready? yeah and don ' t forget whenever you want us to have a charity bin keep pile system that ' s it yeah it ' s grea it works for me i ' ve done that before when i ' ve been having one of my many clear rounds charity keep bin yeah or charity keep tip
505. ' s was that? well it couldn ' t have been mine i would never leave that yeah but i think there ' s another danger in having all of your stuff erm on a centralised system that is that sounds quite orwellian really well certain talk erm where yeah i know what you mean you ' ve gotta be free you get to the state where you you know you get to a
507. yeah beware but what would you ever do that you are really concerned about somebody watching do when you ' re walking around the city? no that ' s not the point the point is once that system ' s in place mm it can be used for different purposes in the future once you ' ve allowed it to er get established mm then later on it can really be used to oppress the people that
515. i walk quite a bit erm round the back of mine and i can go sort of all sorts of right near the number ninety - four road near me uhu and there are the the drainage system is amazing mm i wonder if in the uk the drainage system is equally amazing but it all seems to be underground perhaps but here you can see the motorway run - off erm there ' s never gonna
516. and i can go sort of all sorts of right near the number ninety - four road near me uhu and there are the the drainage system is amazing mm i wonder if in the uk the drainage system is equally amazing but it all seems to be underground perhaps but here you can see the motorway run - off erm there ' s never gonna be a problem with flooding or rain or whatever mm so yeah
521. we had to put them er sort them into these boxes according to er surname and our customers and then we all had certain sections to post it called posting now it was all based on a double entry system for every debit there ' s a credit and nobody ha could leave at the end of the day until the and they ' re called sides had been balanced okay so all the total of the debit
522. piece of um online paper i find that that i c and a pencil with a rubber on the end i find that i can alter as a bit as i go along so there is some kind of system in it yeah what are you looking for? butter knife there it ' s in the butter in the butter oh in the butter should ' ve thought of looking there and i ' m very pleased that i
525. a what can be an extremely noisy environment plus the fact that with ear ph you know in - ear yeah monitoring you can ' t hear anything that isn ' t coming through the back through the pa system so it can be a bit erm you know if you say to somebody on the other side of the stage we ' re skipping this one and we ' re doing so and so and so and so
526. for the highways department yeah and they all got these flash phones yeah i d you know when when smartphones were quite something yeah er yeah because now they ' ve all got to have windows the whole system is based on windows you have your emails with microsoft you have your yeah they chat to each other on lync which is a microsoft thing and the whole website is basically oh right and now they '
527. ? yeah and then you ' re they ' re all based around google so they ' ve all got google gmail accounts they all use google documents yeah google spreadsheets yeah which is a separate system isn ' t it? yeah and i d i don ' t use that i just stick to excel yeah i saw something and they said that you had to er submit something via a google doc cos
528. ##el the scissors do you want a hand over there? i think i ' m good it ' s just literally pouring the gravy into the jug and we have an interesting gravy serving system which is a a big measuring jug and a spoon fair enough we have not quite managed a gravy - boat oh actually what you could do is put frank sinatra on whose ipod ' s that on
530. all the clocks hang on two watches car phone i assume the laptop ' s updated it might not have done the the heaters did it automatically i was really impressed with it ' s an intelligent little system it was the only clock that was right this morning when i got up how could you tell? cos it ' s the it ' s an hour ahead of everything else it ' s an hour ahead
532. on sunday night and we ' ll sort of plan the week on sunday night so no that ' s the one i couldn ' t they can ' t book an induction until she ' s on the system so and she so she needs to go down on the monday night erm he said just call in oh yeah we can go straight from work call in and fill the form in then they can book her
538. time british people can ' t get benefits or jobs abroad and then we ' ll complain about it yeah when all those erm oaps in spain won ' t get treated on the spanish health system and get sent home or get charged huge amounts of money or whatever no cos apparently there ' s about a million of us but but but they ' re afraid of labour i mean it is now a
550. there ' s no break in the speech so it ' s it has definitely improved though now it ' s improved but from what i ' ve read it ' s really difficult to make a very good system well all all of the algorithms i thank you er basically build and work on are that so at one point i was thinking working i haven ' t given you the grand tour yet have i? yeah so
551. know make a macro yeah whatever macro smacro ma yeah erm so that ' s not very good is it? mm loads of people haven ' t paid i think you should revolutionise the system get strict reminder emails and stuff that ' s what we ' ve done mm friendly but more do you do them all one group or? cos i do them all in the group? it was only
553. little while and yeah see how it goes so that ' s what she ' s going to do mm so well i heard that um talking about beating the beating the getting round different the system yeah the system well the insurance system i ' ve heard that a lot of people are using these mobility um ah tut carts oh what are they called? yeah disability cars yeah is that what? yeah uh - huh
556. know because yeah okay i mean but last week i got two hundred and tw actually two hundred and twenty bearing in mind i had a flex day half i did half a day on friday and the system was down for part of friday mm mm that was only thirty off the target and we were low on examiners as well so she said that was really good mm oh my erm eqa score '
557. the rules like in some places the rules are there but if you bend them you ' ll probably get a bit of a slap on the wrist like at ours if you search for mm anybody on our system that you ' re not supposed to search for you ' ll get sacked straight away there ' s no way around it you will just be sacked mm they they ' re really really strict on like rules and
558. a problem yeah but you could not be able to get up and then i can ' t mm leave you on the friday you certainly can ' t lift me up exactly some kind of makeshift pulley system yeah but i think after like cos if we ' ve got those two days and then the weekend yeah that ' s right mm by the monday you ' ll s be starting to feel a lot you
559. yeah exactly that ' s what i mean you ' re pushing buttons i push buttons says that i ' m a bushon putter it does feel like you have an overly erm complex erm system to deal with though it is got in there it yeah it is so don ' t feel cos like all the lights are remote controlled so a dozen remote controls okay on my phone i have sky remote
562. ' t pay for me i ' ve got parents for that you know what i mean? mm worst case scenario eh anyway they ' d signed me up for it even though they have notes on their system to say that i declined it and they ' ve been charging me for it since two thousand and ten jesus christ i kid you not so i spent on phone at work accumulatively about two hours
563. see who ' s doing it oh that ' s a bit boring wait it ' s my favourite person oh my favourite yeah let ' s see it what are the implications of s crispr case nine system as a gene therapy technique and how effective is it? interesting who invented mathematics and where does it come from? interesting okay mad how algorithms control society is leon or classic leonhard euler the most do
564. it back to reading and when i got onto the motorway it was really raining and there were vans and then my abs light comes on my dashboard and there ' s a problem with my anti lock breaking system and it ' s in the garage and it ' s all the time it ' s service coming up shit done to it again what my dad said can ' t always be paying for your car i just
565. then i got back on it this morning and it said it again so i was like but exactly the same for the same quarter so the same quarter wow and i was like that ' s a good system i was like okay so i get off it so i gave it a kick like to see if maybe the floor or maybe it was just kind of stuck on the same weight as i got on and i
567. last year you got my dark ice oh yes you still want me to log into to the diddly - squat yes yes so i can just download it because actually ripping cds is just honestly the the system to which they name the erm for the tracks is well it ' s not designed for it i know it isn ' t but honestly i have done audio stuff and i have got german rock music track
568. to have it functioning yes functioning functions wow oh and the fact it has a silly thing where it doesn ' t always organise them by track it sometimes it has a an inherent erm sort of ordering system that it it doesn ' t show you in the track name or number or sort of date or anything mm and so then when you transfer it to other things it doesn ' t keep that inherent ordering it
569. this bag almost at at the top of the tree and thought well i ' ll never get up there but then when i looked there was a rope and they ' d actually formed like a pulley system so i was quite remote in the wood you know and this pulley system and they ' d sort of tied it round erm what do you call it? erm when it comes out of a
570. ll never get up there but then when i looked there was a rope and they ' d actually formed like a pulley system so i was quite remote in the wood you know and this pulley system and they ' d sort of tied it round erm what do you call it? erm when it comes out of a tree like little sticky bit that comes out of a tree? branch? no
572. say mhm so if they say well i ' ve got a sore throat then they ' ll go well we ' ve got an appointment on friday okay erm so so like use a triage system and try and just er you know either put them off or say well can you go to your chemist and get something? or can you? i mean they ' ll be more training for people obviously but
574. it on monday and then it says they need to have it by thursday which is it ' s a bit short notice really isn ' t it? oh yeah so they must have a note on the system cos she said oh you need to be interviewed by another supervisor or erm they must have had a note saying may be not entitled to treatment yeah and to you know wait for the interview but this
575. now they ' ve admitted that she ' s been mm how stupid is that if you ' re going to deny that someone ' s been and then answer their comment on the internet saying oh well our system wouldn ' t accept you well it just shows you that this woman this morning yeah they went in said oh he ' s going to have to pay and i said well erm he ' s he he
579. yes yeah that ' s it yeah erm dream on er yeah so i said yeah you must have children that occasionally you know of course yeah step out of line and yeah chi the children test the system and she said well yes we do she said but only once she said we er if that happens we inform the parents and if it happens twice we take the parents ' party card the parents ' party card
581. obviously they have mm different lecturers and then they can start using the technologies to say oh you didn ' t give us enough of this or you didn ' t put this up on the learning management system quickly enough or i couldn ' t find it or you didn ' t make an announcement or so they are challenged then yes on nearly every single bit of their yes in terms of teaching power and i also
582. to within the start of semester the first week they ' re able to tell students don ' t bother going to that lecturer because a such and such and such just look at everything on the learning management system they have videoed the lectures so you just can skim through them you can fast forward them like a film mm mm erm and then they complain about u coming up to the exam time that they
584. yeah lose it and the best they can do is operate an ipad or an xbox and and complain about their tutors yes yeah yeah yeah i agree it ' s tragic i agree but they also the system shouldn ' t be allowing that i don ' t know whoever said why don ' t we have all of these em these students being able to email their lecturers or course convenors directly i mean
587. you want some change? i ' ve got some somewhere have you got a pound ' s worth of change and then i can erm i can just up toddle up there and i have a system now for when i go to i am allowed to renew aren ' t i it is not one of those ones? no no no you just put the money in and get another ticket you don ' t
592. ' ll have oh yes yeah absolutely i tell you my witch er d well ' s had erm things are working again the cash ththe er the s ' s got some sort of fingerprint system for one of the holiday parks i forget what it ' s for but they ' ve had a few people complaining mm about not er er not even about the fingerprints just about stupid things like well not stupid
593. m removed for and and i don ' t want it because it ' s there until the next person books in oh really? well i don ' t like that that ' s not a very good system er particularly when had stuff taken out of his locker yeah no so there are you should have a word with about that yes i ' m gonna have a word bbefore he logs me on but all
594. his sandwiches and then he won ' t be so starving like today on a monday with his referee course but so it ' s a pit ' s it ' s a pain for us the cashless system we ' ll just have to work out how to do it with erm the money she gives them yeah well if they want the forms back by wednesday i ' d better sit and read it properly i
595. you ' ve created that by analysing the site wow that ' s absolutely fascinating well that ' s how it ' s done and it ' s it ' s the british that actually invented this system of dissecting these these tells it was er mort does does the name mortimer wheeler mean anything to you? no oh no he was the first person to popularise archaeology on television oh oh steam driven
596. it ' s like erm an attic and he imagines it like an attic and he only keeps the things that he needs which is why when watson ' s talking to him about like the solar system and he ' s like what? he doesn ' t know anything about it and then watson ' s like how can you possibly not know? and he ' s like well cos i don ' t
597. - core computer in any case yeah it is ain ' t it yeah even though it ' s f six years old it is dual - core yeah and i could probably g i can get the operating system yeah it might be worth giving it a go you might as well mm yeah mm for a hundred pound i could have that machine up and running again yeah probably yeah yeah cos er actually it might only
598. hammer? no with my hand like that hm you want a lump hammer and a ir irish screwdriver so but you spend a hundred pound on buying a new hard drive and a new yeah operating system and you can get a new basic computer for two hundred and twenty pound yeah mm yeah yep so mm you can ' t get anything off the hard drive then? i don ' t think so yeah but
600. got a recovery disk on the on the er on the s other disk got you switch it on and it says press f eleven for recovery oh i see ah right so so has that got a raid system on? yeah i think it has yeah mm cos raid system you have two disks mm and it automatically copies everything onto the sesecond disk oh does it? yeah so that if the first
601. disk got you switch it on and it says press f eleven for recovery oh i see ah right so so has that got a raid system on? yeah i think it has yeah mm cos raid system you have two disks mm and it automatically copies everything onto the sesecond disk oh does it? yeah so that if the first disk which you use go for it g you know breaks down or
602. you? before you use it? dunno i dunno i think it probably automatically does that mm to recover yeah the trouble is with the recovery disk is mind you if yours has got a raid system it ' s permanently up all the updates updating it yeah yeah with ' s laptop when she first bought it i made a recovery disk yeah and then about six years later she gave it back cos
603. learning them when you ' re abroad mm hm you ' re not necessarily translating you ' re not really developing the skill of translating cos if you learn it through immersion you have kind of a separate system in your head yeah so i found it quite difficult to to i don ' t know sometimes english would just sound when i translated it into english it just didn ' t sound english and i didn ' t
604. ' s his coach oh he looks so bloated yeah he ' s a fat pig oh it looks like i ' m getting a new erm i ' m getting an update on the operating system oh my god that ' s why it ' s doing all that binging i don ' t want one won wow he ' s broken through this set see that ' s bad though that ' s dish
606. in the room yeah if we did but actually i had i hadn ' t set that one on the right temperature though cos the room was a the rooms are all programmed according to a reasonably complicated system actually where you i ju aha yeah i know there ' s so many options each we ' ve got three rooms and each room has you can set the weekdays i know and you can set the weekend
607. it so we if we did a i know from the woods man ' s thing get a stick right split it and then stick the sausages in between the split and then set up a tripod system and do it do that that ' ll probably probably yes eh eh yes erm well okay then we have to start stop playing then go well thank god for the electric oven then
608. ve actually eggot a gift of seeing how to be that long - term and that planning and that how everything should fit together where to put the files how to make it all happen what sort of system to run that makes it all work mm it ' s all like coming inherently to him i haven ' t got any of that like he yeah thinks like that he thinks in that way he want you know
612. yeah that would nice wouldn ' t it? yeah and then yeah so we ' re doing that oh my gosh i was doing all these notes round it and i need to develop some kind of system for annotating because my page was full yeah oh oh wow really? i was looking at erm room with a view and that as well yeah and erm they don ' t have that much
613. my bank to bypass all those stupid options oh right so you can just actually speak to a real person i want to speak to a person and your bank it ' s see to be fair their automated system did work the hash tag they just gave me a really weird message yeah yeah well it wasn ' t very complete was it? yeah no it sort of didn ' t really tell you what you ' d
614. small flatbeds yes i remember the erm in there was a sort of like a it was like a piece of cardboard er was it called dycron? di er er er a system where it was impressed on a piece of card and then that was impressed onto a roll that was put on a roll and then it was rolled out what oh was that method called? that came somewhere in
616. there there was a a curious pipe connection sticking up into the middle of the kitchen it was really very very odd indeed oh but the disconnect the the discontinuance of the communal heating system was one of the erm jobs which er was supposed to do erm and er they mmade a horlicks of that too they didn ' t realise that half of the estate is er
619. to exchange contracts oh until they see a written quote cos that ' s how much of a problem it is that people cannot insure a new build house because it ' s not on any one system you can ' t get the postcodes right and it ' s not the post office the post office has them years ahead they they ' ve delivered post yeah fine from the beginning yeah it ' s because
620. ##s we were renting a new build crazy yeah and it wasn ' t recognised anywhere except by the post office you ' d phone up and they ' d go no you ' re not in our system yeah can ' t help you no barclays bank who i ' ve banked with for about fifteen years said they couldn ' t insure me oh blimey yeah yeah and then i went a
621. blimey yeah yeah and then i went a couple of weeks ago and said why don ' t you have your house insurance with us? it ' s cos i ' m not on your system yeah it ' s your fault yeah yes yes yes oh yes you must be a new build no yeah it is funny that ' s very odd though yeah you still have to get competitive prices do you when
622. t found me yet yes you find a whole pile of brown envelopes when you arrive don ' t you? yeah yeah well luckily they haven ' t found me oh i must be not on their system either no electricity bill they ' re coming no water bill they ' re coming no council tax bill i must sort this out and it says dear occupier the only one that ' s found me
623. it via the internet which is on a data - related service mm so if you ' ve got enough money to pay for the data you would access it through there mm but presumably the text message delivery system is the cheapest possible way to get the message out there mm erm okay who knows? there might be other ways to deliver it that are that er that that ' s that that ' s that
624. a certain type of pc right? let ' s just talk about yeah? phone mobile phones yeah but that ' s er it ' s an example of yyeah yeah of built - in delivery system yeah yeah? so but no but that ' s slightly different because i think what i ' m saying is and you ' re gonna get to the tech bit in a minute but what i ' m saying
625. investment goes up like that mm straight away the quality of their investment is huge because they haven ' t had to spend all this money in the past mm they don ' t have to keep an old system going mm i mean it ' s in a way it ' s you know? so they can actually jump the jump the gap a lot better this is what s australia should be doing forget the fucking broadband
632. said there were some other bits he couldn ' t get into so possibly he didn ' t have the right erm mm you know passwords clearance whatever to to erm use that bit of the system and i suspect you ' ve been given the code number for fussy woman who we won ' t do anything about well i don ' t know that would be a good thing wouldn ' t it?
637. they had three hours sleep now i don ' t know if that was because that he wasn ' t ready to go to sleep or whatever yeah just or by the time they ' d got through the system the other end mm so they had three hours sleep and then they picked the car up as i say very pleased with that and then drove to to uncle now uncle is selling the house in right they '
639. ? yeah it ' s from the a year ago bought it so i like the idea of that stuff that you flush your radiator with as well mm you put this put it in your cooling system and stuff and it erm it er like fills any small hole you may you may have or er that might be forming yeah so before you go wash it with that so hopefully nothing bad happens on your
641. think that ' s yeah even possible yeah and you you ' re er the rubbish gets collected once a week doesn ' t it? yeah we i mean you ' ve got an amazingly efficient rubbish collection system here yeah that ' s yeah that ' s okay because down in we get food waste collected every week oh do you? yeah and we have a okay little a little bin for food waste do you use
642. m saying if i ' m gonna put mushrooms in i think we should turn the wraps off because mushrooms are gonna take more you know okay what ' s it doing? has it reinstalled my system? in technical language fuck all oh did it do anything weird when you shut it down last time? did you have no did you have the options when you turned it on? no right or at least
643. it when you turned it on without actually doing anything i don ' t normally do anything well yeah but it doesn ' t normally come up with the dos screen saying do you want something? lau launch system repair recommended or start windows normally ah ah right that would yeah um i think i just wasn ' t looking mm there ' s nothing critical on your laptop so i just did that ha ha apart from like
644. nice to have a quick meal be nice to go home actually it ' s true er i agree shall we just go home? sorry darling we were meant to eat weren ' t we? wine their system doesn ' t really work no yet er well let ' s go to the chinese and have just a small quick meal like not a million plates just a couple yeah and in and out yeah okay darling drink
645. have five days yeah and then there won ' t be anything do here anyway apart from get the stuff organised no i ' m just organising myself so that ' s fine getting myself a bit of a system in place i mean cos they would ' ve got everything ready for the start of semester so yeah there won ' t be any yeah can ' t remember doing any work last year well they ' re
646. yeah in the flight yeah they fou they ' ve they ' ve they ' ve they ' ve gave erm an investigation so there was something wrong with it but the staff kept resetting the system so oh my god what the the one that landed? the one that went missing the other one how do they know that? how do they know that? from the er but i dunno but they
647. ver reverberate around the wow the whole ship why can ' t they avoid them? i guess it ' s quite hard if i dunno but they ' d come on their tracking system wouldn ' t they? but maybe they wouldn ' t be able to i don ' t know they probably don ' t give a shit god i ' d give a shit imagine that? it ' s
649. i don ' t know if it ' s the trees yeah or whether the soldiers have got some sort of damping syst i think there maybe some blo er there may be some blockage system going on round the erm round all the barracks er so you can ' t get a signal on the barracks like in a hospital where you can ' t get a signal mm cos they ' ve
652. you have a good birthday by the way? did you get my card? i did i got it a bit late i ' m glad you got it because we ' ve got this weird post box system yeah and refused to let me have the post key for a while cos she was like it ' ll get lost so she had it on her thing all the time so i couldn ' t get into
654. joins the two together yeah and the the the thing i do like about it the antithesis of what i ' m talking about is that you always have a continuous flow of new people coming into the system mm and they ' re connected yes in a way by the time that you ' ve kind of you know gone through this pr this format that ' s that ' s gonna be a real skill to get
655. no no this is oh this is the engine this is this is something else is it? oh cos i had that flashing light last week you remember? is it th is it the engine management system light do you want a biscuit? okay did you? yeah i got that one from morrisons for like thirty - seven p like a whole packet yeah yeah with the big gearbox on it or something
657. day and you just validate it when you travel so you could have bought it for the day after maybe it hadn ' t got a date on so that ' s how they that ' s their system they know what they ' re doing don ' t they? well if it hasn ' t got a date on it you could you know you could use it at any time maybe i don ' t know
658. it? i ' m inside it cos i was yeah inside a yeah big complex yeah you were i was nowhere like i was outside must come through all the air con or something or the ventilation system yeah no i do remember that i don ' t know what if the pollen ' s high or not at the moment i have i have no idea haven ' t er usually they report on the weather don

