Cluster 1
3. her because she ' s not been eating oh no she ' s not been taking her tablets that she should take she ' s she ' s had a bit of a rough time of late within her marriage erm i don ' t know anything it ' s just a couple of things has said erm but she she shshe spoke about it because she ' s so concerned about her and she said
6. and you build a picture up that you think you couldn ' t ever n ever imagine imagine she went you ' re absolutely right she said erm there ' s a lot to it she said their marriage had been over for years she said erm she said i ' m devastated she said because i love she said but won ' t let us keep in touch with her we ' ve been told can '
7. so who she ' s married to yeah yes yeah erm she said we ' re not allowed yes cos they always seemed to get on very well she said i love she said and and the marriage was over a long long time ago she said and you ' re absolutely right with your thoughts she said because erm it ' s my washing machine oh erm you ' re absolutely right with your thoughts
16. had divorced him yes she had divorced him then why did that fall apart so quickly? er me really quick me fair me that ' s the reason why so you went from boring to breaking apart her marriage in the matter of about six months? er longer than that there was a what happened was if you it didn ' t really kick eighty - three was when i met her i think she might have started
19. like all those years family laughs and stuff you remember it all he ' s just no yeah course you would course you would bothers me i think what happens is when when it divides like when a marriage breaks and it divides you you pick up new roots with a new part of a family don ' t you? yeah yeah like you have with ' s family he has with what ' s her name?
20. the weaker path and choosing not to have children in the first place so i mean look you know at the moment you you and you and in the beginning somebody new you know huh you know broken up marriage and two kids can react we know that we ' ve been there ourselves but you know if wasn ' t the sort to make some effort mm towards and mm because he loves you mm because when he takes
23. prprobably erm erm your become an alcoholic on the local banker ' s draft or whatever well they obviously the the breakdown of your er er your mum ' s and i ' s marriage forged you to be the kind of person you are now you would ' ve been different er like is different before this w was very extrovert mm you were not you were you were but he was
32. they before they come out of the green room shall we say how many questions ddo the does the p celebrity or whatever are allowed to sort of say i don ' t want to talk about my marriage don ' t want to talk about my divorce and you ' re not to mention my mother or whatever it might be don ' t they? yeah well there probably is quite a bit of that because don
38. what people were telling her um yeah so i think for those reasons you know that was obviously a massive part of why she moved out of so yeah um and ultimately what led to the end of their marriage but yeah mm i think because she had a really crappy upbringing mm a really really rubbish time and um it ' s amazing like you know told you about that book they fuck you up like it '
41. ' s very different oh right a lot of them don ' t move around they s live with their family yes and husband and they can but that ' s good but it can also break up the marriage can ' t it? yes depends yes that ' s right cos pilots ' wives have always had to do that haven ' t they? they couldn ' t move with their husband right but then those
42. that? i mean i knew it was yeah but i just i just couldn ' t mm quite get it i i grew yeah i grew a moustache first did you? this was after my marriage had broken up so oh er didn ' t er i never knew you yeah you don ' t with a beard and that ' s it well she knew me because we as as no but as as a
48. having a discussion and then yeah i didn ' t and a little bit of an argument as well mm erm and and i were within that twenty oh right and er there was a i then my marriage ended and was coming to lon he was coming to the uk for something i think he was coming to london to see a friend so he was still in dublin at this point? mm yeah mm and
52. least she gives that other side of it but with and erm again they ' ve erm they ' ve kind of stood back a bit mm and er cos he was in a very unhappy marriage i think for a long time erm but he wanted to do the right thing you know? yeah yeah kind of comes out more doesn ' t it now i didn ' t realise it was that '
53. ' m sure she ' s alright i ' m sure she ' s fine but and she might well be but bec oh but went through quite a sort of he ' s gone through a tough marriage erm and he he has he wa he was really depended on wasn ' t he? erm depended on him entirely yeah and wanted more and more and more yeah each job more money you know?
57. kids myself mm hm in a way it was a benefit in one way because some of them used to go home and i ' m not saying their marriages were on the rocks but to have their strong marriage you ' re got to put a lot in to it yeah yeah and so that means you ' ve got to be eh either understanding or say you have eh not in the right frame of mind one way
83. kids yeah yeah it ' s not very nice yeah a bit bizarre mm and then i suppose if you just segregate the sexes then you can ' t really expect people to have like a normal marriage afterwards you know? that ' s true cos they don ' t know how to relate to each other oh cos they ' re segregated you mean just with social situations and yeah yeah so then the
96. maybe not no er not single sex single parents what those chi what those children turn out to be well there ' d be a few years because there are erm some celebrities have in a same sex marriage and they ' ve adopted and there ' s been pictures of them so luck then yeah yeah oh yeah he was like institutionalised it ' s interesting is it ' s okay to do that? yeah before
99. again i mean i spoke to him last week so that ' s fine for old time ' s sake handsome erm your man so weird maybe he ' ll lose god one day and realise that his marriage is a sham based around yeah while he ' s actually been in love with me for twenty years yeah exactly maybe how old are you? all i ' m gonna say is before he got married to like
101. ##esar ' s background from what we right now know oh is that right? but er i didn ' t know yeah he ' s he was caught erm he well he had troubles with his marriage and i think that folded and then he was caught urinating on a g on a guy outside a nightclub you know and monty? that ' s amazing yes yeah but that ' s not the image that
103. wanted the boys just to be kind of normal i didn ' t want to sit round go oh mm because we had a chap ninety - three years you know? fifty - odd years of happy marriage yeah lovely career yeah yeah family home great children grandchildren mm nothing really to be sad about no nothing no no at all nothing to be sad no lived completely independently till the end mm you know so absolutely yeah
107. gave a beard? oh my god that ' s hilarious but now i ' m taking it off her maybe doesn ' t fancy when she ' s got a beard and that ' s why no their marriage has gone wrong and er although i ' ll probably have to look after all the i took i took the beard off i ' ll probably have to look after the three children i need to give them pocket
108. dutch though erm he was a difficult man i wouldn ' t like to have lived with him god how long were they together for? oh for years ages? ages? yeah that was her whole marriage wasn ' t it? yeah it wasn ' t like she got married to someone oh no no that was her whole marriage and junior was the only one who just she wanted to leave him years ago but
109. together for? oh for years ages? ages? yeah that was her whole marriage wasn ' t it? yeah it wasn ' t like she got married to someone oh no no that was her whole marriage and junior was the only one who just she wanted to leave him years ago but she stayed together oh she should have done then she should have done she should have done of course he came here mm it
128. guy was saying he was sort of so he was so i th so he said a lot of people say like oh my family was absolutely fine until my dad walked out or my um you know my marriage was really was great until i found out my wife was being unfaithful and there there ' s lots of these kind of um so p people have like a big disaster in the family it just
129. ? he is nice yeah he does doesn ' t he? i think he has a wife and kids erm you know that he that he ' s like not l that long ago you know their marriage broke or whatever erm he ' s a nice guy he was so interested to talk to us like and to talk to about didn ' t he study classics or something? no i don ' t er
152. twins were by surrogate but she had one i think originally oh i see with matthew broderick mm they ' re still together aren ' t they? yeah after like twenty - odd years of marriage i think they had a bit of a rough patch but i ' m talking about them like i know them personally they had a bit of a rough patch but they got through it in the end they got
163. just shows doesn ' t it? how things can change long long time ago and we were laughing at school one day about the fact that finishes six months before and this was long before any of their marriage problems i ' m going back years and we were laughing about it and he said oh yes and i ' ll be standing on the corner of waving him off to work oh? yeah waving him off to
166. the boys are getting older now i ' ve got myself in a life sentence which i don ' t have to have it ' s time a life sentence? yeah that ' s how he described his marriage that ' s a shame isn ' t it? i know and he said it ' s time now that i had get release something for me a bit of love and affection and he said and i thought
167. of this happened and he said it ' s made me realise that probably i ' m approaching it completely wrong that actually what i shouldn ' t be doing is holding the family together and living in a marriage that ' s miserable i should be addressing the problem and sorting them out and making plans to split up really this is all i shouldn ' t be saying all of this oh well no well i ' m
168. to be honest yeah well i think i mean if that was your husband or something you ' d tell someone well leave your husband wouldn ' t you? you wouldn ' t say continue in a violent marriage no no i mean maybe in times gone by people would put up with it yeah but nowadays you know people would say you need to call the police yeah this person is dangerous what was he? what did

Cluster 2
5. you he didn ' t do enough ' s right he ' d been trying for like two ye he tried ttwo more than two years he tried for guns laws he ' s been trying for gay marriage for longer he ' s been trying oobama if you ever hear this but it ' s like they he ' d been trying for obama care i know but it ' s not like it ' s
26. it ' s fair to come out and put down like gay people campaign agai people s you know people spend big big money to try and stop homosexuality? that ' s oh to try and get marriage illegal yeah religious and non religious people spend big money to do things like that i dunno if you wanna was after the american legalised same sex marriage to our fellow americans just tell me if i '
27. ? that ' s oh to try and get marriage illegal yeah religious and non religious people spend big money to do things like that i dunno if you wanna was after the american legalised same sex marriage to our fellow americans just tell me if i ' m getting boring hey there it ' s two of your it ' s two of your brothers who are writing to you about the supreme court decision to legal
28. americans just tell me if i ' m getting boring hey there it ' s two of your it ' s two of your brothers who are writing to you about the supreme court decision to legalise gay marriage the good news is that a whopping forty - two percent of you muslims support marriage equality as do both of our muslim elected officials in the united states congress one even serves as vice chair of the lgbt
29. your it ' s two of your brothers who are writing to you about the supreme court decision to legalise gay marriage the good news is that a whopping forty - two percent of you muslims support marriage equality as do both of our muslim elected officials in the united states congress one even serves as vice chair of the lgbt equality caucus there are many faithful gay and lesbian muslims in the us and we love and
30. fast during ramanam and swap turkey bacon on your blt all in an attempt to establish a firm muslim identity in a non muslim country but now that s now but now but now that same sex marriage is legal in america it ' s shaking up your faith you ' re afraid of the future and what this could mean for your kids you recognise this growing acceptance of gay rights but personally you just can '
31. ##s so that we can easily identify us as a muslim we shouldn ' t be per we shouldn ' t be perpetuating our marginalisation by marginalising others rejecting the s right to same sex marriage but then expecting empathy for our community struggle is hypocritical think about the way er people look at your hijabi sisters what i said earlier or your bearded brother when they walk through the
44. it ' s like when something happens in the law and then three months later there ' ll be a natural disaster and then someone religious will say it ' s this hurricane is because they legalised gay marriage three months ago it ' s horrible but it ' s it ' s horrible they they s and they ' ve got children as young as six holding holding a erm sign that says god hates fags
46. kids and counting? yeah the show was cancelled after josh oh fucking hell oh what? fucking hell oh that is vile oh oh god oh right touring the country giving talks on the sanctity of marriage and campaigning against same sex marriage what the fuck? fucking hell wow he sounds like an absolute dd what ' s mm that ashley madison thing? it ' s like erm er infidelity so you
47. show was cancelled after josh oh fucking hell oh what? fucking hell oh that is vile oh oh god oh right touring the country giving talks on the sanctity of marriage and campaigning against same sex marriage what the fuck? fucking hell wow he sounds like an absolute dd what ' s mm that ashley madison thing? it ' s like erm er infidelity so you go on it to like er
58. ' t i can ' t he ' s just walking his head ' s like this high just bobbing along oh my god but yeah he was pretty big today we discussed er a lot about gay marriage fundamentalism do you know who would ' ve love this? yeah no shall we shall we use his code name for the podcast? well micro penis? no i like squadcast it ' s nice squad
94. they believe in having numerous er children cos that gives better better gifts to god or something i don ' t know and they were all going on a march in madrid that weekend mhm against gay marriage because gay marriage was just about to be legalized in spain mhm and there was a a girl in class who was a lesbian and quite openly so and she came to class with three of her friends
95. having numerous er children cos that gives better better gifts to god or something i don ' t know and they were all going on a march in madrid that weekend mhm against gay marriage because gay marriage was just about to be legalized in spain mhm and there was a a girl in class who was a lesbian and quite openly so and she came to class with three of her friends from school so
117. so mobilised about an individual issue it ' s a pity what with paedophile priests aids third world poverty yeah et cetera that they w of all the things to get excited about is gay marriage yeah a bit more interesting a bit more worthwhile so do you honestly want to punish people you don ' t like or help people? you ' re catholics mm sorry let me be more accurate you '
155. mm so we ' ll see mm yeah but it was you know it was just such a shock and then he started a sentence that was something like oh i just don ' t get that about gay marriage and me and were like no no no no no no oh he ' s like i just don ' t believe that people you know are so against it and i was like thank fuck for that i was
156. this man i can ' t live with this man i ' m sorry yeah we were like er this was sort of after the ukip revel er revelation yeah mind you david cameron voted for equal marriage there ' s still big problems it ' s a big issue in northern ireland still erm mm mm with er the dup vetoing it all the stormont executive has said yes let ' s have
157. s still big problems it ' s a big issue in northern ireland still erm mm mm with er the dup vetoing it all the stormont executive has said yes let ' s have equal marriage and the dup er have this petition of concern mm which is a a legal thing that they can use to block legislation from being passed if they believe that it ' s gonna unfairly disadvantage either the
158. big petitions trying to get their petition overturned to bring it in to to law that still hasn ' t happened mm mm mm i do wonder you know if it does come in if my legal rights of marriage w s might get backdated because and i had a civil partnership in northern ireland mm mm so i don ' t have equal rights you know financially and that ' s going to affect me in later
162. s just too much it ' s too much you have to say something for the cambridge but yeah miss interesting views yeah i ' d say that interesting views are like i i assume miss miss supports gay marriage she supports well she supports gay rights erm she supports i don ' t think she ' s miss i think she ' s cool gay rights at least i i think maybe just she support gay rights i
169. country mm who she goes out to on the tram erm and teaches english to and this woman apparently is ultra ultra conservative uhu and also ' s facebook friend and had put some pro - gay marriage campaign thing or changed yeah the rainbow picture oh that ' s what it was yeah she put the rainbow picture on in support of the american supreme court mm erm saying yes gay marriage across the country or
170. pro - gay marriage campaign thing or changed yeah the rainbow picture oh that ' s what it was yeah she put the rainbow picture on in support of the american supreme court mm erm saying yes gay marriage across the country or marriage for whoever wants it across the country and her student picked her up on that and started quizzing her on her own beliefs erm and said look i ' m your teacher i
171. thing or changed yeah the rainbow picture oh that ' s what it was yeah she put the rainbow picture on in support of the american supreme court mm erm saying yes gay marriage across the country or marriage for whoever wants it across the country and her student picked her up on that and started quizzing her on her own beliefs erm and said look i ' m your teacher i ' m here to talk
172. so that all the priests who are pra um who are celebrating mass today were gonna read out a petition to ask their congregation to turn against the government ' s plan to introdu introduce same sex marriage the government want to introduce it make it law by twenty fifteen yeah civil partnerships but the church is absolutely against it couldn ' t believe it even now oh my god i ' m gonna speak to my dad

Cluster 3
0. de montaigne he ' s a philosopher isn ' t he? a french philosopher or something oh is he? mm about the the thing about a friendship the difference between a oh friendship and a marriage right i like it i mean i looked it up and tried to read it and er you ' ll probably be better at it than i am but it was re really hard going with english mm and er
11. day? yes it was actually yeah a nice day how long were they together before they actually got married? erm er that i don ' t know they were cos people seem to dive into marriage pretty quickly don ' t they? yes yeah exactly might be half of the problem i mean there was one there ' s there was a song in the charts that that you kind of does sum it up
13. and the south coast and that kind of thing but not it ' s not just about women but he he does think and also he ' s sort of saying you know m the whole original rhetoric of marriage being with one person was when people were dying in their fifties and sixties and that made sense you know yeah you sort of got married when you were twenty yeah and then you ' re gonna be dead by
21. about a send - off before you go bloody out there? you can ' t god hold on he ' s only just got back he ' s not going anywhere no but he ' s talking about marriage we ' re talking about the marriage thing and he doesn ' t want we may not even get married if we if we to go there you have to yeah but if we get a job that ' s
22. go bloody out there? you can ' t god hold on he ' s only just got back he ' s not going anywhere no but he ' s talking about marriage we ' re talking about the marriage thing and he doesn ' t want we may not even get married if we if we to go there you have to yeah but if we get a job that ' s not there we ' re not explicitly
35. you know it was the works so they had like a beautiful ceremony and they had like this amazing reception in um park lane right so they were she was pumped by the idea of the wedding not the marriage? absolutely and they you know they had all these like you know folk dancers in between he came in on a horse you know it was like the full - on shebang when did they meet? how
43. jane the virgin you watched jane the virgin? isn ' t it amazing? what the hell ' s that? awkward basically there ' s like she promises to is to not to not have sex till marriage yeah she does and then and when she gets to have a when she goes to have a smear test she accidentally gets artificially inseminated oh ch no mm hm awkward and she ' s engaged
49. okay i can show you the picture of me proposing so erm i think i ' ve swapped over so if we get a job in the middle east we ' ll sign the paper next may no marriage nothing just forty pounds sign a piece of paper so are you doing anything with mum? dad? or anything of that nature? some sort of cultural blessing? or? well we ' ll have to have
51. re married but they ' re not no you know they ' ve had a son they live together do everything but she goes we just don ' t don ' t need it don ' t believe in marriage don ' t wanna get married no right and i think after those many years it ' s like well why do it now? and they almost feel like maybe it ' s like jinxed or something it
54. marry though are you? well yeah because if you are i ' ll be i wouldn ' t want to kiss i love that we ' re working this out like on eggheads yeah yeah would be marriage material even if the attraction ' s not there he would be he would be a nice husband wouldn ' t he? let ' s be serious you would rather marry than i ' d rather marry none of
63. if i could have yeah? cos i think gays should have the same right to marry as anyone else yeah cos marrying can be a really good thing for someone yeah why do you think marriage would be a good thing for the people? erm it ' s kind of like it ' s kind of like you you share a bond with each other and you really like love each other and you
64. you necessarily have to have a good job or a good house you can just have i it doesn ' t really matter i think as long as you are committed to your partner then that ' s what marriage is about and not about a good house or a good good like not about having a rich house or anything just about commitment and just loving each other do you think they might need sa stability though? i
65. ? i think stability would be a very a very big factor in it i think it ' d be hard to marry if you didn ' t but i don ' t think iid let anything stopping marriage i ' ve ba a lot of people getting married and then they ' re they want kids so they want to bring up kids in a stable way don ' t they? yeah they ' re not kids
69. ? that ' s average of what people spend oh yeah that ' s the average of what people spend it can go down to about half of that i was gonna say it it ' s like the marriage thing you can get married for two hundred pounds but they quote fifteen thousand pounds to get married that is the same as these quotes on funerals but seriously they can blow lots yeah you don ' t need
75. you have one t? damn it er i could still do that er it ' s tricky if you look at that what word do you see immediately? rain er ira oh air okay yeah i see marriage but i ' m missing marriage? i ' m missing a few letters but don ' t you just see marriage? is that a freudian slip there? no yeah i can see that it sounds like
76. it er i could still do that er it ' s tricky if you look at that what word do you see immediately? rain er ira oh air okay yeah i see marriage but i ' m missing marriage? i ' m missing a few letters but don ' t you just see marriage? is that a freudian slip there? no yeah i can see that it sounds like a freudian slip erm
77. that what word do you see immediately? rain er ira oh air okay yeah i see marriage but i ' m missing marriage? i ' m missing a few letters but don ' t you just see marriage? is that a freudian slip there? no yeah i can see that it sounds like a freudian slip erm or carriage perhaps boring boring hey there was a carriage in the chelsea flower show was
78. ? oh it was cool i watched one episode i think there were only three episodes ever i couldn ' t believe they were getting married oh they did but i didn ' t but you can nullify marriage within like yeah two months can ' t you? yeah exactly so that ' s what they did yeah so they had five weeks oh okay to and then if they didn ' t like each other yeah it
80. how they ended it oh i think that was the last one in the series wow but i guess they ' ll do another series it is quite cool because yeah you know in the middle east like arranged marriage is still the way it ' s done but it ' s not erm blind like that normally okay like they do normally meet like normally it ' s the parents and the brothers and the sisters are out
86. ' t there no it was just the girls they ' re they are a weird couple though because i think they are like they ' re moving at very different spa paces like ' s ready for like marriage kids house the lot what? and ' s just like no way like doesn ' t wanna buy a house with her yet doesn ' t wanna move in with her erm like she was goi she
92. they didn ' t wanna make a change when they got married mm but after being married for a while you know like me er they decided they would um or they ' re in a relationship leading to marriage we ' ve got a couple er like that there ' s a hungarian guy and a um er an asian er woman who are getting married fairly soon and and er mm the they want so the they they
115. hell was a very appropriate response mm my favourite thing is that he going on about so they had to they had to get something to focus their argument around and what it is is that they focus around marriage should be marriage is for creating a stable environment in which to bring up children right so infertile couples shouldn ' t be allowed to get married then fuck off and die you bigot sorry mm it
116. very appropriate response mm my favourite thing is that he going on about so they had to they had to get something to focus their argument around and what it is is that they focus around marriage should be marriage is for creating a stable environment in which to bring up children right so infertile couples shouldn ' t be allowed to get married then fuck off and die you bigot sorry mm it ' s alright
118. okay my life was a lie okay it is with an s they lie they do ah do you feel like getting married to? yeah absolutely i mean to be honest i don ' t really agree with marriage anyway so yeah for me like yeah i ' m starting to think that you know? like that marriage might not be and it ' s like a considered a classic you know the way pathway yeah but that
119. like getting married to? yeah absolutely i mean to be honest i don ' t really agree with marriage anyway so yeah for me like yeah i ' m starting to think that you know? like that marriage might not be and it ' s like a considered a classic you know the way pathway yeah but that ' s that ' s the problem with it but it ' s the classic pathway like it ' s
120. ' t afford it a wedding a house and a baby shit i ' m not gonna do that am i? no think the baby ' ll come first remember you said you wanna have a baby in marriage didn ' t you? i understood it was okay to have a baby out of marriage okay so but then you ' ll also have to wait till you ' ve got enough time to lose the baby fat
121. do that am i? no think the baby ' ll come first remember you said you wanna have a baby in marriage didn ' t you? i understood it was okay to have a baby out of marriage okay so but then you ' ll also have to wait till you ' ve got enough time to lose the baby fat true to get married to get married no one wants to be fat on their wedding photos
122. so but then you ' ll also have to wait till you ' ve got enough time to lose the baby fat true to get married to get married no one wants to be fat on their wedding photos marriage first and obviously you don ' t want the baby being too young because then they ' ll like oh i don ' t want i don ' t want babies in wedding pictures that ' s just yeah gay
123. reason that we ' re getting engaged really it was we were talking before and like we we ' ve spoken so sorry i ' ve got it no no it ' s fine we ' ve spoken about marriage quite a bit and mm this time it actually got to the point where we were talking about practicalities of marriage mm mm who would come where we ' d do it how much it would cost when we
124. sorry i ' ve got it no no it ' s fine we ' ve spoken about marriage quite a bit and mm this time it actually got to the point where we were talking about practicalities of marriage mm mm who would come where we ' d do it how much it would cost when we ' d do it and at this point i kind of thought that ' s really not very romantic is it?
127. is it ' s to like keep the church going it ' s more like we ' ve been this pra yeah i agree yeah and it ' s we ' ve been so pragmatic about marriage that you might not even change your name because it ' s only forty pounds to get married it ' s a hundred pounds to change your passport so like it triples the price of the wedding just to
136. home mm but she ' s not she ' s just like sitting in the living room watching my tv not doing any work but having her laptop on her lap taking up the entire downstairs this is what marriage is like you know i ' m not married to her it feels like it it fucking annoys me i ' m just like go away and she ' s like just wrap it up or eat it don
148. if i do want to get married soon i ' m probably gonna have to back down on that cos i ' m not going to convince him otherwise what is it you want about a catholic church marriage? just because i dunno it ' s more of childhood thing like i just wanted to get married in the church i ' ve always gone to and i still go to when i go back to hereford
164. unloved one yeah tut ah dear don ' t love her so she ' s showered with money tut definitely tut right so when are you planning to get married? like i said marriage isn ' t er something on my topic isn ' t it? it ' s not my cup of tea no so you ' re gonna stay single for the rest of your life? yeah you seem keen
165. that ' s the next thing oh no no i oh okay why? is that what you believe? no no no as soon as you ' re married have kids like i said pop pop pop pop marriage isn ' t my cup of tea no what the hell? what ' s with the sound effects? so what is it? you ' re gonna be like a baby machine? pop pop pop no that
175. of good morals and they ' re yeah they have they are nice people but some things that i don ' t agree with they say well we ' re really good we don ' t have sex before marriage but then they get married at like fifteen so yeah yeah well that ' s probably s that can be er younger than the legal age anyway so it doesn ' t really count yeah yeah and the way they

Cluster 4
8. that i ' m glad that he was not suggesting that you beat your actual wife no his actual wife beats him just your pretend wife yeah it ' s his fa it ' s his fake loveless marriage aw it ' s his faithless violent marriage it might be a fake lo m fake marriage but it ' s not loveless aw that ' s the saddest sentence i ' ve ever heard yeah
9. suggesting that you beat your actual wife no his actual wife beats him just your pretend wife yeah it ' s his fa it ' s his fake loveless marriage aw it ' s his faithless violent marriage it might be a fake lo m fake marriage but it ' s not loveless aw that ' s the saddest sentence i ' ve ever heard yeah aw poor with his deep - filled ham sandwiches
10. actual wife beats him just your pretend wife yeah it ' s his fa it ' s his fake loveless marriage aw it ' s his faithless violent marriage it might be a fake lo m fake marriage but it ' s not loveless aw that ' s the saddest sentence i ' ve ever heard yeah aw poor with his deep - filled ham sandwiches deep sorry but there ' s a massive inn
33. like you know he ' s best off without her but they ' re married couldn ' t deal with tension so they ' d been married for a year and a half did he not realise before the marriage that she was a nutcase? you know what? i think she just really liked the idea of being married mm and they have this like fairytale hollywood like marriage like they got married it was you
34. did he not realise before the marriage that she was a nutcase? you know what? i think she just really liked the idea of being married mm and they have this like fairytale hollywood like marriage like they got married it was you know they pumped all their life savings i mean that wedding cost at least a hundred and twenty grand oh my days it it was the you know it was the works so
45. mar to be married legally to more than one person because as soon as you if you are already legally married to someone and you try and legally marry someone else in the eyes of the law that second marriage is invalid because you ' re already legally married so it ' s actually impossible to be legally to commit the offense of bigamy oh go no thanks you made me jump boom no no you looked at it
70. on the immediate family as well yep so so for example oh so the child is indirectly affecting itself? yeah by affecting those around it? exactly so all good gifts around us mm sent so a bad marriage from heaven above a bad marriage can influence the child but a fussy baby can also create frictions in a marriage wow so oh and then vice versa just keeps on going oh dear so yeah so that
71. yep so so for example oh so the child is indirectly affecting itself? yeah by affecting those around it? exactly so all good gifts around us mm sent so a bad marriage from heaven above a bad marriage can influence the child but a fussy baby can also create frictions in a marriage wow so oh and then vice versa just keeps on going oh dear so yeah so that ' s the main oh dear
72. those around it? exactly so all good gifts around us mm sent so a bad marriage from heaven above a bad marriage can influence the child but a fussy baby can also create frictions in a marriage wow so oh and then vice versa just keeps on going oh dear so yeah so that ' s the main oh dear oh dear principle of the microsystem mm then there ' s the mmacr
73. together which were daughters she probably wanted a son he probably wanted a son with her i meant it must have been debated on he would have liked to have a boy that never happened he then had another marriage that didn ' t work and then he had a marriage again and had a child erm so for him for for them they they feel like feel like our family is is it doesn ' t it doesn
74. wanted a son with her i meant it must have been debated on he would have liked to have a boy that never happened he then had another marriage that didn ' t work and then he had a marriage again and had a child erm so for him for for them they they feel like feel like our family is is it doesn ' t it doesn ' t necessarily cement the families together no it doesn '
81. oh and yeah but she ' s still allowed to say no she can oh right even when they meet she could say it ' s i don ' t like him so it ' s not a forced marriage find another one yeah yeah and then they ' ll just bring another one and that can go on for ages yeah but what ' s a bit nasty in the gulf is it ' s linked with money i
113. about the pragmatics the practicality of getting married to the point where we ' re actually talking about who would come and where we ' d do it and we wouldn ' t get a marriage we ' d just sign a piece of it wouldn ' t be a wedding just a marriage we ' d just sign a piece of paper yeah you ' d just do the thing and i was sitting there
114. re actually talking about who would come and where we ' d do it and we wouldn ' t get a marriage we ' d just sign a piece of it wouldn ' t be a wedding just a marriage we ' d just sign a piece of paper yeah you ' d just do the thing and i was sitting there thinking that ' s not very romantic is it? if she we just go and sign a
143. divorce in those days i think it took a long time yeah and i can ' t find him dead so anyway i ' ve actually written it in i think so i think this a bigamist marriage oh god so more recently when the newspapers have come out it ' s in the newspaper it is you ' re right and it ' s it ' s quite hilarious because it was a biga a big
144. more recently when the newspapers have come out it ' s in the newspaper it is you ' re right and it ' s it ' s quite hilarious because it was a biga a bigamist marriage erm a bigamous marriage and we if you read all the detail she was quite sharp she knew what she was doing say but she actually was found not guilty because he lived he lived about ten
145. out it ' s in the newspaper it is you ' re right and it ' s it ' s quite hilarious because it was a biga a bigamist marriage erm a bigamous marriage and we if you read all the detail she was quite sharp she knew what she was doing say but she actually was found not guilty because he lived he lived about ten miles away from her and they '
146. so it sort of to me it sort of revolved a a lot around you know about this relationship with this man you know the the daughter father relationship and the as my mother kept putting it failed marriage you know the way she ' d phrase it yes yes failed marriage so erm so really seeing that all guns were pointed at you know erm mm yes and er and that ' s the way i
147. lot around you know about this relationship with this man you know the the daughter father relationship and the as my mother kept putting it failed marriage you know the way she ' d phrase it yes yes failed marriage so erm so really seeing that all guns were pointed at you know erm mm yes and er and that ' s the way i ' ve been brought up you know mm yes but as i say
150. mental institution yes so conan doyle is watson and he he ' s married but he begins an affair conan doyle does? yes er sort of inadvertently but there ' s it ' s not his with this marriage? not exactly no sort of thing no? but plutonic marriage and he starts an affair his wife then develops a terminal illness mm and he supports her very faithfully through that while also seeing his mistress
151. married but he begins an affair conan doyle does? yes er sort of inadvertently but there ' s it ' s not his with this marriage? not exactly no sort of thing no? but plutonic marriage and he starts an affair his wife then develops a terminal illness mm and he supports her very faithfully through that while also seeing his mistress who he then marries after his wife ' s death mm but he
154. there could be between them but she had a lot of freedom as a married woman and did a lot of painting and became a painter in her own right so so possibly it it might have been a marriage of convenience i suppose but certain she had a lot of freedom to be an artist and and how did you come by the connection with your house? well somebody er somebody who ' s related to both of

Cluster 5
2. now oh did you see the one jennifer lawrence wore? yeah emma stone emma st stone ' s one was beautiful it was like oh did you see the one jennifer cat ' s eyes yeah she does marriage and i ' d have bridesmaids who are wearing that you wanted it would make you look like your tuxes but they have like a topshop unique line and just what i ' ll do if
4. dates go or is it just me? i don ' t know mm maybe if they cooked it and then you ' re like oh you ' re an amazing cook no and and frankly i i see marriage as simply eh you know for material benefits so eh you can cook you ' ll do is my motto em oh you ' re very cynical i wonder how well sarcasm will show up like every line has a
14. how much money you ' ve got and and i think that ' s really worrying and there ' s still i so sort of speak to girls here at david who all they ' re after is the marriage they don ' t mm mm and it doesn ' t matter who it ' s to as long as they ' re rich they don ' t care about the person how shallow what a shame it ' s
15. re like both like girls who are quite into like er j wwwwere friends like w like quite a few years ago we used to have some things in common but they ' re very much like marriage children you know like they ' re on that path and they ' re and they and erm i took the timing quite lolzy so like the waitress was coming over tto take our order and
24. no need to worry reassuring yeah reassuring to know thanks for that but um er and he was like but then he kept making comments like not just muslims that are with their cousin or sleep with cousins but marriage to their cousins right um and i ' m probably reading too much into it but then he was asking about how many people i ' d slept with and stuff mm his number ' s off the scale uh
25. okay yeah i ' m not in favour of the idea in general i think it ' s er it ' s a bit of a strange thing to do yeah i ' m not it ' s a marriage of slavery actually branding of course is a a marking of the skin for you know bad reasons yes but then you have erm but then you have them tribal markings don ' t you like you like i
36. yeah what a crazy woman yeah but it ' s just you know it screws up the whole family ' s life doesn ' t it? because yeah i bet he ' s regretting the whole marriage thing now yeah he ' s a bit jaded like when we went to that party last weekend he was just like i ' m going for an hour saying hello to sonia i was like ah that '
50. ' t traditional no wwe ' re erm where the status quo is the other way we may not even change her name like if we get married because changing her name would triple the cost of the marriage see it ' s it ' s only oh forty pound to sign it down the registry office but it ' s a hundred and twenty quid to get a new passport yeah a lot of people won '
56. each other yeah a great deal you know erm i just think in life you have to have yeah realistic yeah hopes expectations yeah yeah i go i agree with that i think you do and i know marriage is a plain sailing one and i ' m always being told that by my mum so that was good yeah yeah yeah exactly so she kind of said forewarned me and said well you know what?
59. one one asian named kid one white named kid yeah you you yeah you flip a coin which one ' s the asian kid i think that ' s a major discussion point though within a couple in a marriage what? child names baby names especially between i don ' t know sometime sometimes it ' s different sometime they let one of them take first one like okay so really wanted to call him because his grandfather him
62. invented in shakespeare ' s day i can ' t hear a word no no horsepower was though did you know that they found erm marijuana in erm? marijuana? marijuana oh i thought you said marriage he was taking the mickey i know he was but i didn ' t understand it took me a minute to work it out so yeah so they found marijumari oh marijuana in shakespeare ' s like
66. can pay for it or at the definitely not gonna happen the coach and twelve horses there ' s there ' s a friend of mine who reckons he can prove that the more you spend on the marriage the less likely you are to survive your future life as a as a married couple he reckons well why? looking ar well just looking around his friends he seems that seems to be a correlation and to
67. many times do you hear do you hear of you know oh you know they how can they afford to buy a house and all the rest of it but they ' ve just had a twenty thousand pound marriage now which is actually better? twenty thousand pounds on one day or ten thousand pounds and a deposit for a house? well don ' t confuse mm correlation and this this modern with causation what sorry
68. yeah it could be that people who are bit more showy mm are less arguably authentic yeah oh no could easily be anything and want to spend more yeah but there ' s nothing more authentic than a marriage cos you get to yeah know someone warts and all yeah don ' t you? oh yeah oh yeah say say nothing oh yeah warts and all eh? warts yeah warts and war
82. they can kind of be with probably the person they ' ve loved all their life you know they ' ve got someone else in mind in the back of their mind until they ' ve done for the marriage then then they ' re not gonna be allowed to marry them yeah i reckon that ' s what and get the money really happens and the yeah that ' s a shame yeah yeah and there ' s a
88. the surname then you could get away with it but it w still wouldn ' t be legal would it? and if she sh we can change our names when we get married but the cost of the marriage at the the place on a weekday is like forty pounds cost of a new passport is like a hundred and twenty pounds it ' s literally like three times the yeah but don ' t forget you ' re
102. little older than that no no was sixteen? yeah or eighteen yeah actually i think she was seventeen well maybe yeah i th yeah tha you ' re right but i think mm was nineteen i mean a marriage you almost well that ' s a bit like rather did you meet them? did you come to that day? no no mm i mean they married you know when they were tots they spent their first
125. we find a joke that in an islamic country the fact that we ' ve been together for nine years counts for nothing mm mm but if we got married if we are married for a month a christian marriage with a christian marriage that apparently holds some weight but yeah it is it ' s just how it is it ' s to like keep the church going it ' s more like we ' ve been this pr
126. that in an islamic country the fact that we ' ve been together for nine years counts for nothing mm mm but if we got married if we are married for a month a christian marriage with a christian marriage that apparently holds some weight but yeah it is it ' s just how it is it ' s to like keep the church going it ' s more like we ' ve been this pra yeah i agree
130. things i totally understand it and i haven ' t and i like no no mm misconception it ' s just having children massively complicates the situation so mm mm than the actual marriage bit yeah but i mean mm if you remove the children divorce it doesn ' t really mean anything does it? no no hence my first it was nothing and it was yeah it only hurts you and the
132. is yeah they all tend to be around here don ' t they? it ' s just you know it ' s just typical four five metres wide victorian type houses all around mm so you mentioned the marriage word have you been uh inspired by and getting engaged? no no no no long way to go yet long way to go yet but having said that i am thirty - five this year are you? that
141. she was she was known as yes yeah never though it is so when was your mother born? in nineteen forty - two oh forty - two i see yeah yeah right so that and then that is marriage to so fifty - four fifty - four five six seven eight nine fifty fifty - one two three four yeah she was quite a bit younger oh there you are so i was nine when he was yeah you
176. her star sign ' s was turquoise i knew most of them but i know mine ' s emerald june is pearls i think july is rubies you do know all the erm presents for years of marriage? yeah and s i know the main ones you ' ve had most of them but i don ' t know all of them cos there ' s so many i mean you start off and you '

Cluster 6
1. mm um recruiting more radical muslims mm to follow this guy ' s name i don ' t know cos i wasn ' t really paying a lot of attention mm um and you know force girls into marriage and really really extreme views mm but the the kind of idea of a conversion rate between the three percent muslim mm and the percentage of those that are extreme mm was really very high whereas the he was arguing
60. ' t you? i suppose so kind of that they have had bad luck yeah yeah and you know bad luck at yeah birth and and yeah you do in in the early years and bad luck with marriage yeah i don ' t know what ' ll happen but anyway so it ' s all it ' s it ' s usual messy self up there but she ' s going away cos i invited her has
93. memberships that are a requirement mm of the job role mm that you ' re seeking mm so yeah mm so it ' s it ' s kind of er it ' s finding the right kind of marriage mm between the two mm really isn ' t it yeah okay do you think we ' ve said enough about cvs? i think we probably have probably bored them with cvs yes let ' s stop
98. oh by the time you ' re twenty - five like you ' ll be in a really serious relationship you would of bought a house you ' ll be talking about kids you ' ll be talking about marriage and it won ' t and it won ' t scare the shit out of you i ' d be like fuck off yeah like i had no plans to be in that position by the time i was twenty
131. gonna be at different institute so mm it ' s we ' re not gonna see each other in the day no not at all i was saying to my friend some of my friends have asked about our marriage and stuff and like are you actually married and it kind of annoyed me a bit that like apparently in my dad ' s house so ' s yeah the doctor missus they ' re married now and somebody
138. ##sque stuff and i was like oh why would you want the entire train to know this stuff? like one of the girls was talking about erm well they were both actually talking about erm arranged marriage no sending like nude photos to to boys and stuff no and one of them ccos basically one of them had clearly like clearly kind of broken up with a boy fairly recently and they ' d had to
139. ? okay one of those things um it it is sort of square prism comes out at the top of a house um chimney dick van dyke it says uh oh no pass uh the male person at a marriage ceremony stop groom? oh never mind uh four? yeah yeah very good yeah coupon rice touch chimney okay uh sarah you ' re asking me no oh we go around this way now? you we always
149. wasn ' t three hours we looked we all looked really good we really made an effort i think we did sexy witches oh back in our youth i know it ' s crazy everyone ' s talking about marriage and babies and all that mm who do you class as everyone? everyone every single person on this planet bet ' s not she wants to ' s i think it ' s just an awkward situation isn '
159. years until we die thirty years ah makes well you ' ve done you ' ve done the first of the three ms but obviously you remortgage and you move you ' ve got mortgage marriage is coming and then there ' s just maternity after oh i was gonna i was trying to work out how it ' s murder it ' s murder that ' s the fourth and final m do you guys
160. ' s like heaheavily homophobic yeah i know i know i ' m er he ' s so much you know everyone thinks yeah all he ' s also heavily for no sex before marriage really? yeah yeah he is like major he is he is he is he is he is he is really? so much he is instilled values oh my gosh like his friends yeah are so
174. and i think that ' s my that ' s my fear is that like with the i don ' t ever wanna be driven by security or by by s by protect by protecting my family or by marriage or by cos they ' re all good things but i don ' t ever want them to be my main thing right that ' s cool which is the change like to see jesus come in and change

Cluster 7
12. this then you don ' t get deported mm well his his grandfather the celebrity ' s great grandfather was english and his name was yates yeah but the the trib the funeral erm decided that the marriage that erm was had taken place between erm the his his father ' s parents sorry grandparents wasn ' t official so therefore they didn ' t recognise it fortunately cos his mother had got british she
37. hour saying hello to sonia i was like ah that ' s so sweet so much fun then i remembered hold on a minute he ' s you know quite tender actually and we ' re going to a marriage celebration so don ' t rub it in oh is that the part? ' s you know that leaving party oh i thought ah it was leaving party? oh cos she was leaving to go and get
39. because it ' s a different office oh no and they can ' t oh they ' re not can ' t they they can ' t which means access your i will need your london copies? my marriage certificate your passport your marriage certificate all of that all of those the originals? no certified copies probably originals and certif erm and i had to do that three colour certified copies yes because i had
40. different office oh no and they can ' t oh they ' re not can ' t they they can ' t which means access your i will need your london copies? my marriage certificate your passport your marriage certificate all of that all of those the originals? no certified copies probably originals and certif erm and i had to do that three colour certified copies yes because i had when we did it in
79. matched three oh so that was but they they had to be a really high yeah success rate they went really really high to to make it work and then of those three couples one pulled out before the marriage oh cos the girl kind of got cold feet and her family didn ' t approve so she was ththat was out when she when she met him? no th no they weren ' t allowed
89. here was cos her cousin is only down in fareham alright okay so she ' s only half an hour ' s drive away mm and she er er had sent me a l copy of the marriage certificates of my grandfather and we knew about my mother ' s father ' s side but not my mother ' s mother ' s side so i just put in put in her name and and the records came
90. ve been he could ' ve made a lot of money he he could ' ve done i guess so he possibly did and like the american or something? mm he could ' ve done and on this marriage certificate oh his daughter ' s marriage to erm my mother ' s father erm he ' s described as of independent means oh but the he made a fortune out of it erm well plaus
91. a lot of money he he could ' ve done i guess so he possibly did and like the american or something? mm he could ' ve done and on this marriage certificate oh his daughter ' s marriage to erm my mother ' s father erm he ' s described as of independent means oh but the he made a fortune out of it erm well plausibly he has but in the same
97. at oh and then yeah do you know she still has a reunion with her digs friends there are nine of them right? they ' re all girls and they ' re all still on their first marriage wow mm heaven for you it ' s interesting that isn ' t it? it is i ' m not sure what the statistic or it ' s some just women? no no it ' s both
137. they just said bring all your papers what are they? not a lot well i mean you you should but i ' ve got my my pension things here and er yeah your i ' ve got my marriage book yeah and i ' ll take er ' s er form i ' ve got to say that er what? she ' s registered with the british government with the yeah yeah so you ' ve got all
140. nineteen forty - two that ' s my half - sister yeah oh yes i got that down yeah then this is his erm oh that ' s his birth certificate and and then that ' s their marriage certificate to gosh yeah yeah and here now that ' s interesting isn ' t it because then because my grandmother ' s so right okay so she must have changed her name around at that point i don
142. s how i go can go back you find out where she was born so then you ' ve got her mother ' s name and her father ' s name and that ' s so this is their marriage certificate they were married at the congregation in and then their death certificates mm so that was a sub - acaroid haemorrhage acaronoid haemorrhage yeah i don
153. s nobody looking after on wednesday so wednesday i ' ve got to spend six hours there cos no one else will look after it there and have his visit and which we have everything out burial register marriage register christening register service records yeah? and i ' ve got to check everything and mmake sure everything ' s there on this the list of stuff the whole lot oh oh right just see if it
161. you had to be married catholics you know catholics cannot oh catholics aren ' t allowed contraception no yeah can ' t have sex yes hello i ' m here everybody else had to sort of produce their marriage certificate mm yeah but the ones who really needed it didn ' t get it then yeah mm no yeah but it really yes it ' s quite recent we ' re quite if you yeah well women have only
173. yeah three months it ' s gonna take us about that time oh for a child ' s passport now we need erm all of the grandparents ' information we need everything it ' s ridiculous you need marriage certificates and all sorts it ' s is this because people are abducting kids do you think? are they clamping you know you know? i don ' t know but when kids get taken

Cluster 8
104. get it deary me well the the first step was made but unfortunately the second second step has proved a hurdle which is the actual not drinking of wine sorry so i ' ve spotted a performance of marriage of figaro and of all all the places no of all places it ' s in yeah sounds good so i ' m thinking i should invite my mother ah that ' ll be nice okay my love you
105. ' m going get all of these pots in the dishwasher no don ' t worry just er just put hot water and soap in them and leave them in the sink heating these up so er marriage of figaro dad sing me a key theme right you ' ve got all your dark wash is washed and dried thank you mum there ' s a beautiful aria on the cd that i bought from figaro
106. sure what to do about it anyway i ' ve forgotten to write to him and now he ' s gone behind my back erm right an array of socks some of which could be yours is that marriage of figaro get clothes on mum ' s like come on get on with it there ' s a certain enthusiasm towards the pub visit i ' ve noticed is this after half a day without a glass of
133. i was just about to turn it off and suddenly this lovely aria appeared oh right two the two sopranos er mm who marries figaro and er the countess really lovely oh right were you listening to marriage of figaro rather than magic flute? marriage of figaro yes mm yes did i say magic flute? mm marriage of figaro only cos i was thinking cos i saw the magic flute in
134. suddenly this lovely aria appeared oh right two the two sopranos er mm who marries figaro and er the countess really lovely oh right were you listening to marriage of figaro rather than magic flute? marriage of figaro yes mm yes did i say magic flute? mm marriage of figaro only cos i was thinking cos i saw the magic flute in plymouth mm when glyndebourne were touring
135. who marries figaro and er the countess really lovely oh right were you listening to marriage of figaro rather than magic flute? marriage of figaro yes mm yes did i say magic flute? mm marriage of figaro only cos i was thinking cos i saw the magic flute in plymouth mm when glyndebourne were touring mm i really liked it mm yeah the um you had it on vhs

Cluster 9
17. make excuses to my girlfriend as to why what was and the rest is history was there a point then there where you kind of both decided that you ' re gonna break up you know finish her first marriage or was this something she decided or oh well i she probably erm yeah once i was on the scene erm i think it was found out about it did you get any problems from? no i
18. quite a difference between the two of them yeah yeah yes but he ' s got a whole other family ' s got erm a half - sister stepsister half - sister half step is is through marriage but no blood no she ' s in her forties with like children oh good lord she doesn ' t see them very often i think her dad ' s calmed down quite a bit as he ' s
55. he come into it? had the same dad as your mum but i don ' t understand i think he is related to the family not by oh he ' s blood line but i think maybe through marriage or something oh so he is he ' s related oh that makes it a bit less weird yeah i thought i cos i didn ' t understand what was going on and i just thought that i don
61. on a saturday morning i know this is really short notice but is there any chance you could babysit tonight? it ' s all of them cos she ' s got three children from her first marriage and little from her and and erm when has looked after it it ' s only been she ' s looked after right cos if it ' s all of them she tends to get her mum so
84. thing so this is your mum ' s dad mm who had your mum is your mum born first or after they were my mum was born first mm yeah and so mum er my gran then the second marriage is the other ye well actually that ' s the thing at the time that was what happened was probably why they never met was because though my fa my grandfather married my mother er grandmother well that was her
85. actually that ' s the thing at the time that was what happened was probably why they never met was because though my fa my grandfather married my mother er grandmother well that was her name yeah became through marriage and then they got divorced when my mum was quite about er erm young maybe five - ish around that mark oh right so does oh you don ' t know did your mum remember him? you
87. it ' s not perfect but it ' s it certainly seems to be fairly yeah solid i ' ve yeah well i i ' m happy to come over and oh dear ' s cousin ' s by marriage you i don ' t know if you remember and that were in erm they were at our wedding do last year no? well anyway they moved to bulgaria they ' ve bought a house in bulgaria really
100. got four brothers all these brothers okay wow yeah erm i def i was gonna say i definitely thought he had an older brother he ' s got and who were his da his dad ' s first marriage and then he ' s got who was his mum and dad ' s okay so yeah he ' s got four brothers and then obviously he ' s got shit loads of family and like cousins and stuff like
110. she was sleeping with her boss exactly oh disgusting really not at all have lived er are they still together your parents? no no have they remarried? yeah both of them have yeah which is nice second marriage? or have they been married again? no only both second marriage my mother ' s on her third marriage now is she? yeah ridiculous is he nice? yeah he is ni i ' ve known him
111. have lived er are they still together your parents? no no have they remarried? yeah both of them have yeah which is nice second marriage? or have they been married again? no only both second marriage my mother ' s on her third marriage now is she? yeah ridiculous is he nice? yeah he is ni i ' ve known him now for a little while they divorced when i was seventeen and she
112. parents? no no have they remarried? yeah both of them have yeah which is nice second marriage? or have they been married again? no only both second marriage my mother ' s on her third marriage now is she? yeah ridiculous is he nice? yeah he is ni i ' ve known him now for a little while they divorced when i was seventeen and she ' d already been married before she met

