Cluster 1
0. be students which makes life cheaper yes cos do you know how much a cinema ticket costs nowadays? um it ' s sort of eight nine pounds goodness gracious yeah whereas if you ' re a student you can get in for about five or six blimey and it ' s sort of it ' s one of those situations where i don ' t think it ' s reasonable to pay nearly ten pounds
2. um yeah i ' ve still got a few years left before my student card runs out so i ' ve got unlimited years yes because um because works for the university press her work card looks like a student card so i go in and flash my work card and oh a student excellent i ' m enjoying that yes i ' m surprised no one ' s tried to stop this before now but if only think it
3. card runs out so i ' ve got unlimited years yes because um because works for the university press her work card looks like a student card so i go in and flash my work card and oh a student excellent i ' m enjoying that yes i ' m surprised no one ' s tried to stop this before now but if only think it applies to so few people that they ' re not too worried in all
12. mention bohemian rhapsody cos of the website the last school i was in they had a video of the students all singing it as well did they? yeah bohemian rhapsody? mm but you know deach student doing a different part but it was so bad it was it was embarrassing and these were mainly korean students? on the course yeah well yeah on the course who must have really enjoyed that being made told to
15. m telling you right now no you ' re not though i am because if you if you i talk about life and its meaning and shit like no but if you no you ' re a stereotypical student yeah yeah i ' d agree with that i ' m a stereotypical student but my point is like you don ' t live up to that purposefully it ' s just the fact that you ' ve
16. you if you i talk about life and its meaning and shit like no but if you no you ' re a stereotypical student yeah yeah i ' d agree with that i ' m a stereotypical student but my point is like you don ' t live up to that purposefully it ' s just the fact that you ' ve been exposed to education and that ' s why you talk about it whereas une
23. students at library yeah doing like nursing and that nursing and things yeah and they are more than willing to just come to the desk and just clear their fines with no question yeah you do get the odd student who will ask or have but they pay they must pay over sort of like twenty pounds sometimes yeah because they on away on placement yeah and they can ' t get their books in yeah and they ' re
28. nice and then er went to the aquarium we walked in and we were looking at all the ticket prices and this was er this was when we were at uni so we were all students looking for student prices and i went first and went t to the girl at the till and said oh can i have i was looking at the ticket prices i was trying to work it out there wasn ' t a student
31. girl in on work experience oh yeah? so had kind of said oh yeah we ' ll go out for lunch et cetera and er i hadn ' t realised that she wasn ' t actually a student she was an a level yeah student i was like so what are you saying? she was like i ' m still dong my ass i was like okay wow so i was like oh they ' ve taken
32. ? so had kind of said oh yeah we ' ll go out for lunch et cetera and er i hadn ' t realised that she wasn ' t actually a student she was an a level yeah student i was like so what are you saying? she was like i ' m still dong my ass i was like okay wow so i was like oh they ' ve taken on someone young for work experience but
36. considering getting prime but then they doubled it cos they added all their tv stuff i was like well i don ' t want all the tv stuff i just want like the bit can you not get student? i can i guess i didn ' t think about that actually mm cos i have a student email which i don ' t use i just got assigned it i didn ' t even know it '
37. i don ' t want all the tv stuff i just want like the bit can you not get student? i can i guess i didn ' t think about that actually mm cos i have a student email which i don ' t use i just got assigned it i didn ' t even know it ' s just my like you click on your profile in word or something it comes up with your that mm
41. it which is a shame cos i loved it how long did you do it for? i did it for well i got my film degree in two thousand and two i started making films as a student obviously right then i went and did erm this professional training course in france and germany in two thousand and three so i started my production company in two thousand and four mm so i did some training first
42. as well yeah getting your head back in the books i thoroughly i thoroughly enjoyed it yeah you know really really kind of you what were these st you know what ' s it like as being a mature student to go into you know like a tutorial or seminar or something and just being in with a bunch of newly kind of you know turned on adults you know in the sense they ' re still kind of
44. taking power from local authorities and i think that was a big mistake democratic centralism that brings me back parents but this was the father and i ' m sure the card - carrying tories of a student that i had and he was telling me that he student politics and he said he was working extremely well with the president of the union was marxist but it was democratic centralism so it was mm mm mm
47. ll get hungry of course you can eat but then i think am i allowed to just start eating a sandwich? yeah what about you? during a lesson i know or with a private like or individual student am i allowed to just be like can i just eat this sandwich? sorry i ' m really hungry give them a reading task that lasts at least seven minutes yeah can you just please eat er can you
51. try and develop skills that would otherwise have remained completely dormant and it ' s another line for their cv in that regard yeah you know they ' re going to go to places which are gonna expect the student to be able to do a re a report on something yes you know yeah yeah be it be the performance of the shop in the last six months or mm you know undertake to do a survey of their
54. on the one to one basis erm probably during my time quadrupled i would think mm and in addition to that when i first started which was probably thirty years ago we had an hour per student nowadays we have ten minutes mm what can you do in ten minutes? so not o well the doctor has to see you in three so what can you tell him in three minutes? is it three?
56. you know we used to run practice ones of those and erm er going into the foreign office yes you do a classic yes a classic my niece failed that three times she was an a star straight student all the way through but she couldn ' t pass it for the life of her yeah i don ' t ah is it asking for something that ' s it ' s three rs actually is it? well
64. s a girl in my er in my literature class there ' s a girl there ' s a girl in my er english class whose surname is oh that oh she was destined yeah to be a literature student erm so maybe learning from people get them get and then understand for yourself what the skill is understand what happiness is for yourself f yeah and then practice it in everyday life so maybe the skill that you
65. from there was still wikipedia two thousand and eleven popping up in all their essays so i just showed them i put it up on the that ' s the worst the screen and i chose the thickest student in the class which obviously i didn ' t say okay you thickest student in the class come here but yeah the kind of the black sheep of the family as it were that everybody knew i said okay
66. so i just showed them i put it up on the that ' s the worst the screen and i chose the thickest student in the class which obviously i didn ' t say okay you thickest student in the class come here but yeah the kind of the black sheep of the family as it were that everybody knew i said okay marina let ' s look at globalization in china can you see anything on wikipedia
67. as well which actually there ' s a massive tie i would be interested to er hear about that yeah well if you ever need i don ' t know if yeah he ' s a phd oxford graduate student well that ' s very good and he ' s he ' s a i mean he ' s his brain is made for researching so if you ever need someone quite high up i always i always do yeah
71. over more now that she ' s in? yeah er no she ' d no she doesn ' t no cos she goes straight home to mm mm we ' ve got a second year yeah er student from her that school school mm wh we ' re not we ' re from it ' s not called in sixth form isn ' t it? oh right mm it ' s called in sixth form yeah
72. oh it was just a nightmare then all of this emailing back and forth when i can ' t even get email on my computer can only get it through the internet yeah erm about the american student and all of that palaver which i think is sorted out now apparently none of the international engineering students do the listening and speaking component anyway i didn ' t know that did you? it ' s in
73. sign up? yeah like talking about moodle sign ups sign up to a workshop yeah on time management yeah if that ' s what you want to to study yeah not if you ' re an international student w from hong kong or something mm like been in international schools all your life you don ' t need er mm don ' t need it anymore yeah they ' ve grown up in a different way to us
74. if you want but now they ' re used to it yeah they ' ve been taking notes erm if i gave them like ti i gave em time to think about what their goals were as a student mm and stuff like that they were all writing it in a word document mm they weren ' t writing it in a notebook mm yeah that ' s good but i mean for the reading and writing class they
75. tortoise and the hare he might pick that up now it took for me to go to university to learn that because let ' s face it prior to me going to university i was a terrible student yes no yeah yeah i didn ' t turn up i didn ' t do anything yeah you ' ve learnt through experience like i said i ' m hoping the the female in spain who seems quite a nice
76. from mediate him yeah did you meet did you meet his housemates or er one of them one yeah erm american girl oh okay yeah so cos was locked in the toilet she almost became a student herself you got locked in the toilet? i ' m in the toilet i can ' t get out and i ' m thinking oh crap did you get out? obviously well actually yes we did but it
77. do phd part time if you can i mean we may do and i have seriously considered trying to go to america or canada to do a phd because it ' s easier to get funding as a foreign student than it is as an as a native student yeah more more people get funding when they cos the the university it ' s good for the university to have foreign students so they fund people to come into
78. we may do and i have seriously considered trying to go to america or canada to do a phd because it ' s easier to get funding as a foreign student than it is as an as a native student yeah more more people get funding when they cos the the university it ' s good for the university to have foreign students so they fund people to come into the university mm it would also be a way
79. been living on his own effectively mm he ' s okay he ' s currently been living with mum but as far as apparently they ' re concerned he ' s been working so he ' s a mature student so yeah he will get more help because he ' s been assessed but he also seems to wanna take all of the money and and the impression he ' s given me is yeah just it ' s free
82. get as much of it as out of it as i should ' ve mm but it was just so expensive i don ' t know how people afford it and everyone else there was a full - time student there was me like beavering away at work and doing homework and doing classes and just like huh can ' t do this it ' s exhausting like yeah it ' s fun but it ' s exhaust
87. mean they play at school i guess but it ' s chores when they come home and it ' s not chores it ' s school again i mean oh studies yeah if you take the average high school student they pretty much in a lot of the schools live on site they ' ll go to school they ' ll go to school at like seven am they ' ll finish school at like five or six then they
88. a philosopher yeah in china and they they followed confu their confucian a lot of countries and confucius believe that there is an innate erm hierarchy between father and son between teacher and student between there was all these different kinds of hierarchies yeah and then there ' s your place in society and what you must do it ' s kind of like a caste system affectively but it
89. no we didn ' t have flu jabs no kind of don ' t agree with them no i see we were all our they were giving it to students were they? yeah you you as a student you could have the the thing up your nose oh right the spray up your nose yeah right the flu erm oh yeah but all the staff were told that they well the head said the old head said
90. for the new principal well of course it was yeah you know mm and it was interesting because i heard i heard the conversa i did hear the conversation cos i ' d er had a student who had misbehaved on thursday a year seven student and i ' d asked my line manager what are we gonna do with him? because everything ' s in limbo at the moment yeah because
91. mm and it was interesting because i heard i heard the conversa i did hear the conversation cos i ' d er had a student who had misbehaved on thursday a year seven student and i ' d asked my line manager what are we gonna do with him? because everything ' s in limbo at the moment yeah because we don ' t know what the consequences are gonna be because
93. yay to them being filmed being filmed or whatever yeah now we we have on record everybody ' s consent to say yes we can no we can ' t yeah but if you ' re a a student and it ' s like well yeah you know oh yeah i want to be on tv and you parents said no you do it you do it i mean i had a a problem when i was student his
94. student and it ' s like well yeah you know oh yeah i want to be on tv and you parents said no you do it you do it i mean i had a a problem when i was student his parents had says he couldn ' t have his picture taken yeah and it was a whole school photo and he wanted he wanted to be in it yeah yeah and his parents said he couldn ' t and
95. it yeah but because sixty - sixty to sixty - five percent of our students are pupil premium yeah we get the yeah yeah mm now i heard i heard the principal say on f on friday to this student have you got a jacket have you got a waterproof jacket have you got a have you got a warm coat? wow because if you haven ' t got one we ' ll buy you one with your
99. effective mm mm it was interesting what they did teachers know all students ' strong and weak points now that was a definite one that i chose that ' s got to be because it ' s all completely student centred yeah students are like well it ' s all about me well no but they do you know oh he knows that i ' m not good at this yeah she knows that you know of course you do
100. teachers their expectations feedback the same accents equally motivated over new ideas admit mistakes mm i oh that ' s an interesting one mm i always admit my mistakes in class teachers have a similar amount of stt student talking time mm oh i don ' t know how they ' d know that so the biggest that ' s interes oh the biggest one okay what ' s number seventeen? er teachers that are open to
101. so anyway he it was something about why teamwork is good yeah uhu er reduce the staff turnover boredom and blah blah about competition antagonism yeah right erm improved productivity motivation sense of community student results mm improved students ' results maybe at a university not quite sure it ' s so hard to measure student results in a continuous enrolment school mm definitely how do you know if they had a different
102. and blah blah about competition antagonism yeah right erm improved productivity motivation sense of community student results mm improved students ' results maybe at a university not quite sure it ' s so hard to measure student results in a continuous enrolment school mm definitely how do you know if they had a different teacher that did things differently? they would have well quite often they do have different teachers but then oh a
103. ' ve got nine other students in your class and nasa and erm i can ' t yeah ' s really i can ' t sick of people saying that should be fine yeah she asked for a student to come up mm oh yeah? and erm suddenly everyone from where? to a pre - intermediate? from a pre - int yeah to int cos she has been there for quite a while and
104. probably more like so what like posters on the floor? it was just a complete you know stuff piled all all over the place just a completely mess oh okay it ' s kind of true from a student ' s perspective it might yeah but they normally only get two experience two teachers i don ' t one morning and one afternoon think they so they ' re not do gonna be making that many comparisons yeah well
106. so that they all look like all the teachers are running round looking for number three but there isn ' t one i like that that ' s clever that ' s the kind of high calibre student we had at er at a high functioning sociopath yeah that ' s what they were breeding us all to be mm there ' s enough sheep to play that sort of game not quite what was what was
107. people ' s work and claims it ' s his own okay erm bit like us really yeah bit like us no and we don ' t plagiarise no honourable students the best kind of student and erm he claims to find like a a manuscript by dickens of another book that dickens okay oh yeah made up like that ' s been hidden but it turns out it ' s not right it '
110. know there ' ll be always girls available yeah so get your erm but he was concerned initially about he delaying it and i was saying look delay it because you ' re not gonna be an old student not by any stretch and but you ' re gonna be older than a few of you f f f ppeers and so the these young ladies ' ll all look up to you anyway as a bit of
114. here mm if i have to drive to sheffield mm to collect it i will be claiming back my mileage absolutely i mean ultimately they have a resp um a duty of care yeah you were a student once yeah do you know what i mean? it ' s not like you you you exit out the door it ' s not a big school liz really? it ' s not a big school it '
115. okay adidas and smirnoff for university students oh okay so it ' s particularly for for unis yeah which is quite cool so i guess he ' s got the experience of being a student exactly yeah and he ' s got a job now as well what ' s he doing now? a full time waiter at a pub but like a gastro pub oh cool so yeah in do you know
116. i ' ll just i ' ll erm what are you ordering? post graduate er job role position job role position? oh oh i don ' t really have a job at the moment just say student student well i guess i do a bit i keep going to write student on stuff and then i ' m like oh i ' m not actually a student anymore oh yeah survey programmer topic of recording catch up
117. ' ll just i ' ll erm what are you ordering? post graduate er job role position job role position? oh oh i don ' t really have a job at the moment just say student student well i guess i do a bit i keep going to write student on stuff and then i ' m like oh i ' m not actually a student anymore oh yeah survey programmer topic of recording catch up life
118. post graduate er job role position job role position? oh oh i don ' t really have a job at the moment just say student student well i guess i do a bit i keep going to write student on stuff and then i ' m like oh i ' m not actually a student anymore oh yeah survey programmer topic of recording catch up life life yeah just life life in general oh oh my god is there
119. really have a job at the moment just say student student well i guess i do a bit i keep going to write student on stuff and then i ' m like oh i ' m not actually a student anymore oh yeah survey programmer topic of recording catch up life life yeah just life life in general oh oh my god is there more? sorry you just have to put your signature on it okay you can read
121. first? i need to change this thing that it says two thousand and thirteen i want to edit it so that nobody can see it can i go on yours to see what i can see as a student of yours? yeah i ' ll enrol in yours you enrol in mine and then see i don ' t even know how to do that how do i enrol in yours? i that that
122. by week five essays see moodle page if students need a referral weak students go to moodle to refer for any problems on moodle need a forum for activity next week make moodle nice student no moodle centre e - learning support right that ' s it that ' s that ' s that ' s basically it for the for the meetings but edit profile maybe up here in the top right hand
123. description is that is that basically what they ' re gonna see? i guess they ' re gonna see a d i well i think we ' ve got to do it and then go in as a student and have a look so they ' ll see a picture of me and whatever i write here? yeah so i change the font and everything yeah? make it big and yeah colourful if i can you change
126. if you wanted to have a look where he goes this afternoon yes so i believe mm mm that ' d be nice show where he goes and his route and mm hey pretend i ' m a new student pretend? i ' m a new student show you round a mature student where ' s my where ' s my cap? mature ah left it a bit late have you been up there before? i have
127. he goes this afternoon yes so i believe mm mm that ' d be nice show where he goes and his route and mm hey pretend i ' m a new student pretend? i ' m a new student show you round a mature student where ' s my where ' s my cap? mature ah left it a bit late have you been up there before? i have seen the brick building of hall hall yes
128. i believe mm mm that ' d be nice show where he goes and his route and mm hey pretend i ' m a new student pretend? i ' m a new student show you round a mature student where ' s my where ' s my cap? mature ah left it a bit late have you been up there before? i have seen the brick building of hall hall yes didn ' t we go with
129. you know so when the so our lessons are usually like two hours or an hour and a half so when there ' s a changeover lesson you get all the noise and you might get a a student who ' s being silly come into your classroom yeah right that ' s a bit s that ' s daft ain ' t it? daft i thought they were you know cos you complained about
130. ? no no? he don ' t inspect? no no he d he won ' t do our place no? conflict of interest yeah so i ' ve got say i ' ve got a era student tomorrow who is really slow so i ' ve gotta think i ' ve gotta think about how i ' m gonna support him mm might just need a laptop for him yeah i was gonna say give him something
142. all of a sudden he left mm yeah we ' ve have quite a few there haven ' t we? quite a few dentists yeah mm yeah i like the student ones w i i had two student nur student do mine when i went there did you? two girls student nurses d student dentists oh and they made a wonderful job of these bottom ones cos the last dentist had grind ground em off
143. a sudden he left mm yeah we ' ve have quite a few there haven ' t we? quite a few dentists yeah mm yeah i like the student ones w i i had two student nur student do mine when i went there did you? two girls student nurses d student dentists oh and they made a wonderful job of these bottom ones cos the last dentist had grind ground em off oh i
144. few there haven ' t we? quite a few dentists yeah mm yeah i like the student ones w i i had two student nur student do mine when i went there did you? two girls student nurses d student dentists oh and they made a wonderful job of these bottom ones cos the last dentist had grind ground em off oh i know can ' t believe that he ground em off all down
145. ' t we? quite a few dentists yeah mm yeah i like the student ones w i i had two student nur student do mine when i went there did you? two girls student nurses d student dentists oh and they made a wonderful job of these bottom ones cos the last dentist had grind ground em off oh i know can ' t believe that he ground em off all down i don '
147. ##r oh that ' s i ' m from though so i can ' t really speak it i can ' t even say er think properly i say fink so and i ' m an english literature student come on i should be able to say that it all sounds the same to me yeah it ' s so funny sorry it ' s your fault now i ' m confused what is fink? so like
149. never tried it it ' s good and they don ' t sell them here so pointless you ' re gonna be well sought after when you go to uni surely why cos i? travelling mature student knows how to cook perhaps we ' ll see yeah definitely mm if you get out there and start cutting up real ingredients and stuff these nineteen - year - old children are gonna be really impressed people grow up
155. it ' s a place where you kind of get off at a destination that ' s why we got the idea airport harbour port you know? you ' re saying well you pitch this to an international student saying you ' re arriving from outside of this place so one of my dogma questions in the interview is so sarah tell me what ' s so cool about studying in where you are? mm exactly and
156. be? sage spod sage sage sage on a stage right okay wise one whatever yeah okay and sage is gonna be the word of reason and reflection so what happens is that i interview the person the student and we have that nice dialogue going and then sage will listen at a later date and he will he will er re review sorry he will the footage he will listen mm will make some notes and then he
159. somebody who ' s in education basis i could get to do it for a little while? yeah great she ' s smart yeah and and sh she ' d be interested probably she was always a good student yeah she can write could do it yes exactly so you want yeah and and er the idea is to try and get people to do it on a friends voluntary basis mm don ' t have to pay them
160. to teach so what they do is they buy the licence to the textbook so they actually put that into the syllabus of their unit yeah okay because that tells the appropriate story and they get the student to buy a subscription so they get to practise it right mm so if we were to write down some some first - hand core actions that need to happen before i go away yeah we talked about
162. ' t ring in sick it ' s pretty obvious as well though innit? yeah erm truthfully yeah like that ' s why i haven ' t got a job because i know being a student and shit like i would have to fucking work christmas and stuff and i just don ' t wanna do that i i know like well i ' ve not got a job this had one last year at but
170. than cries yeah it ' s like no the drawing ' s bad and then like yeah laughs like rather than being in tears or hyperventilating she ' s not used to being the the bad student yeah yeah so it ' s i i know what that feeling is like it ' s just you feel like you ' re at a completely uphill you feel like you ' re standing at the bottom of
173. remember seeing her she ' s never seen her before seen us once before and her dau her daughter or is it son? is at? daughter is a yeah is a what is a as a student? yeah yeah i don ' t know how old they are or anything they ' re probably in in the lower level school year eleven year eleven if i remember yeah cos i ta i taught a did
175. our student rep i don ' t know who voted for her vote for more she does this thing our course she does this thing with her hair where she ' ll put and they ' re like mature student she ' ll put it like here like twenty and then she like clips it there erm so she puts a massive clip like here is she okay? on her hair and it ' s oh she she
177. senco job not at our place what does that entail then? special educational needs oh i see yeah of course yeah oh mm that ' s quite hard isn ' t it? every ev every student ' s got one and if they haven ' t they ' re trying to get one oh gosh yeah oh oh dear so what is special need cases like then? well they? really they can be
178. to do with them you know i ' ll keep out the way sometimes they get bullied don ' t they? yeah i i ' ve my product design groups are year nines apart from one student who just will not do anything yeah? he ' ll be negative towards me so i ' m feeling picked upon picked on yeah you ' d be so bored wouldn ' t you if they ' re not
179. now i have sent emails off saying that this person should not be in school yeah yeah nothing back i ' m covering myself yeah as a head of year as a form tutor as a class teacher this student is not safe to be in school yeah yesterday i wait until something ' s really serious and then yeah yeah and it ' s why isn ' t something been done about it? it ' s wrong yeah
180. don ' t any more cos never sees them but i just used to say the same thing she didn ' t used to be like this i ' m sure she had a life she was a student don ' t you know? mm that ' s true yeah that is a massive give away i think it was just an on stage thing with meat loaf i don ' t know but no but she used
181. that i ' d ever been down to the photography department oh was it? because it ' s just like the whole art section it ' s just nobody ends up there unless you ' re an art student because it ' s right at like the far end of the building yeah you just don ' t need to go anywhere near it and you barely even you know see it right from any and then erm
182. attached to the dental school and erm for the last four or five years i ' ve been going two or three times a year erm er with well i started off with a a third year student who then became a fourth and fifth and mm graduated and i ' m now on my next third year student who ' s fourth so oh that ' s alright so i ' ve been going for three or
183. or three times a year erm er with well i started off with a a third year student who then became a fourth and fifth and mm graduated and i ' m now on my next third year student who ' s fourth so oh that ' s alright so i ' ve been going for three or five years i ' ve been going so what sso you go to? i go yeah i go to
184. a patient sitting as near to you as i am okay erm and i said to you know how many patients have you have you seen so far? i said brightly and she looked at a fellow student who acts as the sort of dental nurse handing her the various things grinned sheepishly and said you ' re my first mm ah so that would make me a little nervous but if you ' re not gonna
187. one way ticket didn ' t buy a return oh so she put the sticker over the top of her ticket did you do that in history? no to be honest you cannot be a seven eight student you can ' t you keep dribbling how can you dribble? it ' s true it ' s true it ' s wrong where did it all go wrong for your brother? oh i
188. more and more in my students but then it ' s obviously like it ' s i ' ve started to like i had a dyslexic i think had a dyslexic student a while ago but it ' s not my place you know no can you imagine someone saying to you your arabic lessons are going terribly why can ' t you write in perfect arabic script and it ' s
191. going to teach there not not in this stage at lea you know since i was there essentially it ' s become worse well it sounds yeah yeah than that yeah and the this kid there ' s one student lad i w was teaching there and he wanted me to send over download some google thing and send it to him because the government had stopped all the people really yeah yeah oh bollocks well my friend
192. doing drugs in shandong like a line of coke they ' re not doing drugs she they they ' re doing co they ' re doing salt salt it ' s but it ' s true i had a student from shandong he came to my flat to cook for me one day uhu and he put i kept saying to him do not put salt in the food because you put like three tablespoons of salt
193. just don ' t know how to put it into words just feeling really good good but it ' s so i just also feel like from an outside perspective and probably really boring that was that was the student you know always finished first? oh yeah yeah yeah i kn i know him yeah erm you know erm did he what did he tell you you were boring? no no no no no i '
194. to that town i know and you keep ending up back there this year don ' t you? and i ' ve been back up there six times erm that ' s so funny i met this student and he was in my upper intermediate teenage class last year yeah and he was just like the naughtiest kid and yeah every week i have to go to like the director of studies and be like i
195. ##actise room i had it in opposite the computer room yeah and there ' s all like year sevens running around and she used to like stand outside and stare at them and be like i have a student and we ' re doing proper music so can you please be quiet and i had to stand there like hiya alright guys i ' m doing proper music you ' re running around in the corridor proper yeah
196. right i think that ' s about it who ' s? why are you looking people up on facebook? wondering why he ' s not on in the in the bloody uk he ' s an exchange student i dunno there ' s treasurer he ' s what? yeah he ' s at the university of oh oh an american bank transfer oh i am so out of that so out of here so you '
197. you come out at school at sixteen or eighteen with a c you ' re gonna carry that for the rest of your life that ' s that ' s what you are you ' re a c grade student because clearly at eighteen you get that oh my gosh i don ' t agree with that at all i think no because what you experience and studying should be a lifelong process you should it shouldn ' t
206. don ' t do anything about it yeah so yeah i got a text from the medicare saying that i ' m entitled to the flu jab have a cigarette who ' s got a lighter? a student had it a student mediquest is a right pain in the arse isn ' t it? why haven ' t you got a cigarette? i ' ve got to pick one up are you fucking
207. anything about it yeah so yeah i got a text from the medicare saying that i ' m entitled to the flu jab have a cigarette who ' s got a lighter? a student had it a student mediquest is a right pain in the arse isn ' t it? why haven ' t you got a cigarette? i ' ve got to pick one up are you fucking retarded?
212. ##s each year one semester was your teaching practice well yeah plus each year you had a teaching practice and and it wasn ' t like your six weeks it was a fourteen week teaching practice so you the student going out who we used to really have good fun with students when they came to the student teacher yeah some of them were brilliant yeah and some of them we yeah yeah now i was fortunate i suppose co
213. practice and and it wasn ' t like your six weeks it was a fourteen week teaching practice so you the student going out who we used to really have good fun with students when they came to the student teacher yeah some of them were brilliant yeah and some of them we yeah yeah now i was fortunate i suppose cos i was that little bit older type thing i i didn ' t know that much of
219. come round to each other ' s flats and? mm kind of smoke drugs or? yeah smoke drugs? yeah do shocking things like that yeah but i have to say compared with my life as a student your life sounds tame? i ' m disgusted like it i think it sounds really interesting i was in student room seventy - five nineteen seventy - five to eighty the punk explosion man why were you in university
222. it technicians are are critical to oh gosh i anything running because often their networks are so poorly put together and patched together and there ' s so many different oh variavariables with student you know accounts and restrictions that they have on the network yeah that that ' s why you end up going to the technicians half the time because either they haven ' t programmed something properly or the user you
223. sign of respect that you know he will he will shake their hands and it certainly wasn ' t something that i did in my childhood at all no well i can remember when we had the french exchange student over for i took this french girl around to the house where her friend was staying this other french girl and the girl opened the door and these two french girls kissed each other teenagers that was kind of normal
224. let me tell you a story i know you were gonna tell me a story but i ' m going to tell you a story first you going to tell me a story? yeah me and have this student erm and we wrote well i sent her some comments for the report and she wrote this report and it was very good because he ' s not very good so his parents made him come to friday discussion
225. here for a whole and then low and behold he ' s created that reality for himself uhu you know what though? that ' s nuts the the worst part of this is if the if a student misses more than a few classes because they ' re ill yeah they have to have lessons three isn ' t it? i can ' t remember yeah and you have to do extra private lessons yeah but i
227. pincer movement she ' s gonna go in istan the pincer movements do you know what you ' ve gotta do yeah how are you gonna get this is always the worst honestly there was a student i played with and i didn ' t think she had a clue and then she cleared up at the end mm yeah yeah but i don ' t see the connection there ' s no connection dad? what
234. be here what did you get him? i just found it was going to be really hard to get a job at uni because a lot of them if especially like where i am if a college student who like lives in all the time applies for the same job as me they ' re always going to go for the college student because they ' re there during the holidays i was like okay well i have
235. because a lot of them if especially like where i am if a college student who like lives in all the time applies for the same job as me they ' re always going to go for the college student because they ' re there during the holidays i was like okay well i have to go home at this time of year and at this time of year and then i can ' t do these dates and then
238. i don ' t get it good times come on do do do i ' m not sure i think i ' m under my dad ' s insurance or something cos i ' m a full time student so i think i ' m under it till i ' m like twenty - five you don ' t have to pay if you ' re a full time student no only once you ' re ei er
239. cos i ' m a full time student so i think i ' m under it till i ' m like twenty - five you don ' t have to pay if you ' re a full time student no only once you ' re ei erm nineteen no yeah read the back of the we i have a form at home read the back of the erm prescriptions you can claim it back but
240. was funny again like i was on so many antibiotics it cost me so much it was like worth it it was like an extra like thirty pounds and i as lo as long as i ' m a student i ' m okay so is it like supreme health of something? yeah that ' s what my parents were on and it just wasn ' t worth it cos it ' s an extra four pounds a
243. though you know you ' re there as a british citizen studying at a british university french university yeah but you ' re is that not um just an exchange thing? i mean you ' re technically a student of hull university yeah but for that semester i ' m not oh er so you they were accountable for you mm for that year? oh that ' s interesting like i have my student card from there still
245. with er thermal spa? what ' s this? num does that say two hundred and thirty pounds? mm yes yes it does oh zoom in zoom in i think they think i ' m a student there as well i haven ' t corrected them of course that ' s definitely fine how much do i pay if i ' m a student? s two fifty? bargain ah badminton i have badminton rackets
246. zoom in zoom in i think they think i ' m a student there as well i haven ' t corrected them of course that ' s definitely fine how much do i pay if i ' m a student? s two fifty? bargain ah badminton i have badminton rackets now oh good let ' s go yeah you can hire a racket there lovely do you wanna go play? yep we could do that
247. society and gender issues and all these things erm but it ' s not a syrian refugee thing it ' s a north african migrant worker thing mm mm yeah mm yeah mm oh interesting according to my student this week it ' s syrian muslim refugees who are coming along and raping people mm mm yeah erm it was also actually no it wasn ' t it wasn ' t syrian specifically i ' m thinking
248. through it yeah so yeah horrible but i also wonder you know how much of an issue is it? because the the general perception that i have from er the woman that i stayed with and from the student was that this is an enormous problem and that it ' s the majority that are raping people and i you know i don ' t believe that ' s the case for a minute and i said to
249. got to know each other a bit better the last couple of lessons we haven ' t even looked at the book so i ' ve had the pdfs open at the right page the teachers book and student book ready to use if he wants to but he hasn ' t wanted to so i ' ve just been kind of following his lead all i do for all of my students is i ' ve got a
250. can eh wander around and feel eh feel smug at all of the stressed students really smug and yes and really calm and smug i ' m just gonna look really serene i ' m gonna dress like a student and then look really serene so that people ' s brains are like what? what student calm? student? calm? cannot compute yeah put your feet up actually no they ' ll just be like first year
251. and yes and really calm and smug i ' m just gonna look really serene i ' m gonna dress like a student and then look really serene so that people ' s brains are like what? what student calm? student? calm? cannot compute yeah put your feet up actually no they ' ll just be like first year english student really old looking first year english student really? no sorry sorry a nineteen year
252. really calm and smug i ' m just gonna look really serene i ' m gonna dress like a student and then look really serene so that people ' s brains are like what? what student calm? student? calm? cannot compute yeah put your feet up actually no they ' ll just be like first year english student really old looking first year english student really? no sorry sorry a nineteen year old english student
253. look really serene so that people ' s brains are like what? what student calm? student? calm? cannot compute yeah put your feet up actually no they ' ll just be like first year english student really old looking first year english student really? no sorry sorry a nineteen year old english student yeah i was gonna suggest a a level student yeah that ' s it ooh just smells like water okay looks
254. s brains are like what? what student calm? student? calm? cannot compute yeah put your feet up actually no they ' ll just be like first year english student really old looking first year english student really? no sorry sorry a nineteen year old english student yeah i was gonna suggest a a level student yeah that ' s it ooh just smells like water okay looks like it could be water roll my
255. ? calm? cannot compute yeah put your feet up actually no they ' ll just be like first year english student really old looking first year english student really? no sorry sorry a nineteen year old english student yeah i was gonna suggest a a level student yeah that ' s it ooh just smells like water okay looks like it could be water roll my sleeves up and that next part of the costume changes too
256. up actually no they ' ll just be like first year english student really old looking first year english student really? no sorry sorry a nineteen year old english student yeah i was gonna suggest a a level student yeah that ' s it ooh just smells like water okay looks like it could be water roll my sleeves up and that next part of the costume changes too nice the open shirt em yeah so that that
260. in there and he was saying well what about this boy? mm is he well behaved or not? and yes he you can go and and he said well what about? he seems like a good student mm i remember him saying something like yes like but he ' s not he ' s a he ' s a sly bastard a sly bastard i remember do you remember him? yes and i was i i
265. my granddad on my mum ' s side so on both sides i ' m scottish yeah cos always used to think you were icelandic didn ' t he? well that ' s because of a student that was was because of a student a student asked me he says can i ask you a question and he said he said where do you come from? and i thought where where does he mean meaning what
266. s side so on both sides i ' m scottish yeah cos always used to think you were icelandic didn ' t he? well that ' s because of a student that was was because of a student a student asked me he says can i ask you a question and he said he said where do you come from? and i thought where where does he mean meaning what county? i ' m local you
267. so on both sides i ' m scottish yeah cos always used to think you were icelandic didn ' t he? well that ' s because of a student that was was because of a student a student asked me he says can i ask you a question and he said he said where do you come from? and i thought where where does he mean meaning what county? i ' m local you should have
268. ve only ever been through it once and that was in probably cos you weren ' t spending money at the time yeah that ' s it i didn ' t have any money i was a poor student it ' s not the point if you go through switzerland they expect you to cough up in one way or the other that ' ll explain why they were grumpy with me so yeah i bet you
269. you then? i don ' t know roughly roughly i twenties anyway but that was seventy something right so when was the first time you flew? oh the first time i flew was when i was a student right and that was nineteen sixty - nine or seventy sixty - nine probably it was it was a how many wings did it have? it had the propellers for all i can remember no it was em we
272. ve got one for business english it ' s called and then one for business i can ' t remember what the other one is anyway mm we ' ve got two exams so you ' ve got two student ' s books per level you ' ve got erm a study book for the students and you ' ve got a teacher ' s for the teachers mm you ' ve also got accompanying audio for the student
273. ' s books per level you ' ve got erm a study book for the students and you ' ve got a teacher ' s for the teachers mm you ' ve also got accompanying audio for the student ' s book so for this new edition we ' re using some of the old edition material some of and then recording new material mm but there ' s also also authentic recordings so like this basically you and
274. s like he is thirty this year he ' s like god is he? ancient practically a grandad and then he was you know i told you he was sleeping with his eighteen nineteen year old house student thing oh yeah awkward yeah he was like she ' s gone back to poland now but he talks to her a bit i was like this is just weird you know she ' s nineteen weird and you '
276. mm and and christmas you know it ' s not that merry back home because a lot of us are not around and my father works also at christmas at the hospital mm and my mother you know a student doing the homework so oh and but i can ' t wait to go home and just live like i used to live mm oh oh it probably won ' t be changed very much where i live what '
277. ' s just a random research thing oh i see anyway so i have to do that yeah but i mean i er yes i i need to you know because i can actually work part time as a student so now i have some time on hand i should there are loads of university kind of er which unfortunately i can ' t do cos i ' m not a student but erm there are generally loads
278. actually work part time as a student so now i have some time on hand i should there are loads of university kind of er which unfortunately i can ' t do cos i ' m not a student but erm there are generally loads and loads of kind of positions yeah temporary and i yeah i ' m actually turning to some scientist i mean because now i ' ve got involved this the museum thing i
282. america or canada somewhere or australia somewhere oh you ' ve got lived in america have you? no somewhere because as well you ' ve got more chance of getting funding yeah if you ' re a foreign student than if you ' re not so if i go in as a foreign student in in america or somewhere then i mean potentially i don ' t need to save all that money but i ' m going to
283. have you? no somewhere because as well you ' ve got more chance of getting funding yeah if you ' re a foreign student than if you ' re not so if i go in as a foreign student in in america or somewhere then i mean potentially i don ' t need to save all that money but i ' m going to anyway because maybe i do need to and i ' ll apply to do a
284. i ' m not interested and yeah most i told my colleagues and they ' d all all they were like i ' d hate that person i just blah blah blah i think if you take how a student reacts personally you ' re not gonna be a very good teacher you can ' t no and you ' re not gonna take it well i didn ' t i made an effort to you have to to make
285. and i i actually think it ' s quite important perhaps to have teachers and it ' s a very responsible position being a teacher that weren ' t necessarily good students i wasn ' t a very good student at school so i can look at those people and say you know what? when i was in your position i didn ' t wanna be here either mm so i understand where you ' re coming from and
286. remember having peanut butter mm what as a child? well teens i think it came in i don ' t remember it all you see my i don ' t remember peanuts or my mm or perhaps a student peanut butter on toast but we used to eat far that ' s good we used to eat a lot of carbohydrates because we used to have cooked puddings at school mm and at home
287. so that ' s where we met and then when his father died he got a job down here he wanted to come down here workworked for a place where he ' d worked as as a student and so we came down here locations usually are decided by work aren ' t they? mm which is why i ' m always amused that you know people get qualified as teachers or whatever and expect to work
288. ' s the students that ' s what all the academics say to me it ' s the students wwell it ' s the no no it ' s the structure of learning it ' s always the student ' s fault than the other way round although students have come but they seem to come through this it ' s made that task alien alien to them or they they picked up with completely the wrong handle that
289. ' t even say the word yeah yeah exactly it ' s the rhetoric yeah yeah it ' s the rhetoric yeah that you read it and you just believe especially if you ' re a first year med student you read it and you go wow this is amazing yeah i remember because i i was lucky cos i had erm a job where i had students coming to me and asking me really great questions about
291. so how about you over here who hasn ' t talked for two months what do you think? yeah i mean what can you do? but then if you ' re if you ' re a mature student you ' re a mature student right i could see how this could work where the other people have been looking at you going okay rather than you being and kind of coming across to them you ' re not
292. who hasn ' t talked for two months what do you think? yeah i mean what can you do? but then if you ' re if you ' re a mature student you ' re a mature student right i could see how this could work where the other people have been looking at you going okay rather than you being and kind of coming across to them you ' re not a know it all but you
296. ? so no and um two hundred and sixty pounds two hundred and sixty? yeah i expected that i had no idea yeah cos i went in there and i thought that you know well as a student your eyesight is free t test is free no it ' s not it ' s twenty - eight pounds and then you got a student card? yeah but it ' s not you don ' t get
298. ? here so oh right that ' ll do won ' t it? forgive me for er yeah being confused at the saucepan back to the students days yeah we are students anyway you are actually a student aren ' t you? yeah i know that ' s a pretty sweet little job you ' ve got there is that gonna be your part time work now then mm? i needed i ' ve got enough
300. famous chinese philosopher oh yeah yeah yeah and and basically a lot of cultures in asia are confucian yeah they believe in the hierarchy they believe like father to son you know mother to daughter teacher to student yeah all these kind of like roles which is why it ' s sort of a very respectable society yeah yeah absolutely yeah so unfortunately that has its negatives and everyone dying in a fucking ship yeah it is
301. like after hours public school is just day care we ' re just looking after the children so they oh what so they all go to private or after the school? it sucks mate the average high school student goes to school at seven o ' clock finishes at six o ' clock has a one - hour break and then goes to a private school until midnight or one o ' clock and then does homework and they
302. put with the head of english mm naturally he couldn ' t speak any english yeah but that ' s see he ' s the head of english and can ' t speak any english he i see this student about ten minutes into the exam has fall he ' s fallen asleep on his desk yeah it ' s a two - hour exam and i ' m thinking there ' s no way he ' s finished his
303. and i ' m thinking there ' s no way he ' s finished his paper you know what i mean? so i kinda look over at the the head of english and he he looks at the student and i look at the student he gives me a nod and he ' s kinda i understand he very slowly walks around behind the student mm stands behind the sleeping student looks at me again as if to get
304. ' s no way he ' s finished his paper you know what i mean? so i kinda look over at the the head of english and he he looks at the student and i look at the student he gives me a nod and he ' s kinda i understand he very slowly walks around behind the student mm stands behind the sleeping student looks at me again as if to get acknowledgement is this the right
305. over at the the head of english and he he looks at the student and i look at the student he gives me a nod and he ' s kinda i understand he very slowly walks around behind the student mm stands behind the sleeping student looks at me again as if to get acknowledgement is this the right student i give him a nod yeah yeah it is he ' s he punches the student full force twice
306. english and he he looks at the student and i look at the student he gives me a nod and he ' s kinda i understand he very slowly walks around behind the student mm stands behind the sleeping student looks at me again as if to get acknowledgement is this the right student i give him a nod yeah yeah it is he ' s he punches the student full force twice in the head just in the
307. gives me a nod and he ' s kinda i understand he very slowly walks around behind the student mm stands behind the sleeping student looks at me again as if to get acknowledgement is this the right student i give him a nod yeah yeah it is he ' s he punches the student full force twice in the head just in the fucking head the student goes ah grabs his pen starts to write and starts writing
308. behind the student mm stands behind the sleeping student looks at me again as if to get acknowledgement is this the right student i give him a nod yeah yeah it is he ' s he punches the student full force twice in the head just in the fucking head the student goes ah grabs his pen starts to write and starts writing and what ' s he even writing? he ' s just pretending i th yeah
309. as if to get acknowledgement is this the right student i give him a nod yeah yeah it is he ' s he punches the student full force twice in the head just in the fucking head the student goes ah grabs his pen starts to write and starts writing and what ' s he even writing? he ' s just pretending i th yeah just pretending are you pretending to write? are you pretending to write
311. so it just basically says that they can use the recordings for elt materials you may end up being i ' ll tell you what i think is cool and you ' ll like this as a history student if ever this is i as far as i know there hasn ' t been a spoken corpus as big as this being collected before mm so pretty much as a historian if future historians wanna look back that '
315. remember it that ' s weird isn ' t it? yeah and my friend because i know her because she came over the year before to our university in hull as a teacher of languages she was a student but that ' s what you do do the exchange so we went back over to see her and she did say to me fuck like you ' re screwed you never came to any of my classes what are
316. him and she ' s chasing it every single thing he does she ' s on his back because he ' s shit he ' s capable he ' s going back to uni to be a mature student at twenty - one but she has to flow every single phone call that he makes he ' s on seventeen and a half really? yeah and she was like i ' m sorry but i watch him and
320. book in like east london stereotypes or something do you know what i ' m talking about? yeah i ' ve seen it it ' s so and then there ' s one like american grad school student and it was like she ' s done fifty internships and she ' ll stab you in the back for the fourth assistant curatorship or i don ' t know something like that i don ' t know
322. stuff? about what? like how well it ' s no it ' s not her parents it ' s my mum more than anything and her parents quite a lot that sorry i was quite a good student like i enjoyed doing it and getting good marks like for myself yeah and like for my overall year grade and stuff and she was the same like we were both quite ambitious and driven and stuff but my mum
323. raths outgrabe yeah you ' re quite good at reciting books yeah you ' re very good at reciting books er i literally know one one poem that i know could be an english student er and the other one was a kid ' s book so well we ' ve all got something from there oh right do you know mrs armitage? what this bike needs no no i don '
324. make them feel like uncomfortable or just like so you so some of the stuff we did was just that ' s really strange just wjust weird yeah pure weird it was like you know your classic drama student like crawling around on the floor going ah? weird and i was like oh my god the only reason i love drama is cos of shakespeare mm ah did you say you can ' t do tomorrow night
327. really cool mm no it ' s a it ' s a lovely shop yeah oh that ' s interesting yeah there was a lot of um oh indeed another english er english fellow there was he an english student? does it tell you? er i think he was yes that would explain why there were so many english fellows coming out to be fair it wasn ' t the best thing to do in the world no
329. him there wouldn ' t be a special occasion which i love cos i get free hotdogs you don ' t get free hotdogs that ' s true i remember once telling a chinese student why we have fireworks night and she thought it was very strange that we remember killing somebody in such a beautiful way killing someone but yes it is nice to have fireworks mm mm or odd make some new invention
332. ' s like a gesture probably to him as well isn ' t it? but yeah fact is that it ' s erm didn ' t i hear that he was a local he was not a student at? oh i don ' t know so if that ' s true that could be then that he ' s a long - term could be that he ' s on the scene for a few years yeah
333. ##s they had they had to write out you know some speech are you serious? about what it is to be a good person punctual oh dear that ' s really old - fashioned a good student well we didn ' t do it it was dire and they had it was like a paragraph and they had to write it three times erm just mr made us do that as well with detention she didn
336. ve only got gcses or a - levels then probably a page is long enough yeah um so really i ' d say a page or two pages but you know if you are a mature s student and you come in and you ' ve got quite a bit of experience you might not want to lose some of that so you ' d want two pages mm um i do really it ' s interesting i
340. it ' s useful to start with your work history mm and just as you ' ve done summarize your key skills but have a separate key skills section mm um whereas if you ' re a student maybe who ' s just looking for that first graduate position mm it ' s probably better to start off with your education and mm work history mm and then your skills section but i think you mm do need
341. my name isn ' t your standard english name so i put my nationality on because other things will be indicators to employers you know your name um your education work experience especially if you ' re an international student mm so i do believe there will be elements of that that will already make an mm employer mm question whether you ' re a british student a home student eu mm or international mhm in which case if
342. um your education work experience especially if you ' re an international student mm so i do believe there will be elements of that that will already make an mm employer mm question whether you ' re a british student a home student eu mm or international mhm in which case if they ' re already asking those questions by you putting in your status or your rights to work mm your visa status mm you can make it
343. work experience especially if you ' re an international student mm so i do believe there will be elements of that that will already make an mm employer mm question whether you ' re a british student a home student eu mm or international mhm in which case if they ' re already asking those questions by you putting in your status or your rights to work mm your visa status mm you can make it much clearer mm
345. he says without ever having read it without ever right so it ' s like a dog his interpretation is a dirty animal that you can ' t have a dog and some of the things they believe one student adamantly believed that if he wrote in the quran and closed it when he opened on the same page it would be gone and he would be damned because it ' s you know it ' s the quran
346. ' s to read? yeah is it me to read? you to read who ' s starting over here? i ' ve forgotten lost count is it? yeah to start are you ready? typical student possessions oh possessions? textbook laptop which w direction are we going? just keep going alcohol erm pens mobile phone protractor student railcard rice yeah rice? oh yes pencils passport calculator
347. lost count is it? yeah to start are you ready? typical student possessions oh possessions? textbook laptop which w direction are we going? just keep going alcohol erm pens mobile phone protractor student railcard rice yeah rice? oh yes pencils passport calculator mugs er a bag time time a b thirteen i had a great one what? syphilis ah eleven twelve thirteen you win
348. cancelled it so i saw something online about like amazon prime for students and i don ' t know if it ' s discounted or if it was just like a free trial if you ' re a student or something but i didn ' t look at it i think i had to pay something so i was like no oh right i won ' t bother i don ' t use amazon as much as i used
349. old woman weird honestly she goes home at every weekend to see her parents she lives in she goes home every weekend oh oh and she ' s she ' s a really lovely girl she were a drama student as well just very shy really yeah really nice girl how does that work you ' re doing drama if you ' re shy? i don ' t conflict than being lawyers but like i ' ve heard them
350. s how it got back so no like that was good of so it wasn ' t as bad as i thought i thought oh my god like everybody in has like everybody seen me everybody in every single student no it turns out it were frigging who ' d been telling them lot cos he ' s obviously mates with all them so i was like what the hell and i thought i was in the
352. teaching but it doesn ' t happen that way people say it happens like that but it doesn ' t right okay alright so what is it that you like? you like that that if you are a student yes and you want to learn about start - ups you ain ' t get your needs satisfied at university unless you ' re incredibly lucky yeah so if you are young you are thinking about making a start -
354. rather than yeah okay erm well we could ask or or both or even or yeah or or true i don ' t think will be here as in he ' s he ' s still a masters student so i don ' t know yeah but it ' s a most it is an mphil which is a kind of masters true i think that because it is taught though it ' s not taught is it
357. well what i was gonna get actually oh no that wa maybe put them get do microteaching where one of them is the teacher and explains what it ' s about and then for b the next student can explain what that one ' s about groups of three mm that might work cos i i ' m not gonna stand up there and like and go through all of that oh no get them to explain
358. that one ' s salty the blue one ' s sweet oh what ' s the mine now supposed to be? well it ' s not supposed to be salty is it? look i feel like a student cooking this that ' s alright there ' s nothing wrong with that is there? it ' s got broccoli in it i feel like a right student that a student dinner we ' re gonna have
359. is it? look i feel like a student cooking this that ' s alright there ' s nothing wrong with that is there? it ' s got broccoli in it i feel like a right student that a student dinner we ' re gonna have to well i suppose once term starts but like once we get into a routine of term then we can decide who ' s cooking dinner what nights and stuff and
362. for students? no or just for living? no well no just like an average flat okay that ' s what it ' s like in yeah well to be fair if you were if you were a student it ' s it would still be expensive it ' s quite likely you ' d get special you would have to get whatever flat is yeah if i actually how do you do i don ' t think anyone
365. she does eng she does and you make a module handbook english language i ' m i like to be organised this kind of thing would be perfect if i could lay out at the beginning and go right student yeah there ' s your module handbook this is what we ' re doing this year i ' ve already planned it l check on study direct because every week i ' m gonna upload the next week '
366. sounds of things unless one of these other people that we haven ' t met yet have chosen it or i guess somebody on a part time module has done it? mm i could be the only masters student in there yeah which might be a bit strange mm yeah i wonder i bet some you ' ll have some part timers in there or something although they are running pidgins and creoles twice so
368. i do look smart well turned out mm you see i ' ve followed suit a bit yes you ' ve got a similar type of jumper on indeed it ' s the student look you know well stu student for them maybe stupid for me yeah i think has only got is it four weeks or is it five weeks? five wee five weeks of lectures left haven ' t you? yes that ' s right incredible
369. your studies you could just spend your entire day sat down reading mm i actually think oh i can go and get a piece of toast now or i ' ll go and get this i think being a student made me thinner yeah really? just like just not eating very well and yeah that ' s just being that comes with age as well i think smokers tend to be thinner as well yeah well that '
372. ##d character like really likes their mum and thinks she ' s really really cool but teejay and katy really like ashad ' s mum and she ' s going to be based on my er student sumi and she ' s like really quiet and lovely and keeps the house really clean and bakes for them all the time and teejay and katy kind of think oh that would be really cool
373. t sing well that ' s not true no it ' s not and then he embarrassed me in front of the whole class that ' s because he actually loves you no he doesn ' t as a student as a student that ' s cool what are you doing now i am trying to find a paragraph it ' s the eyebrow isn ' t that awful i broke off my moji ' s eyebrow has to
374. that ' s not true no it ' s not and then he embarrassed me in front of the whole class that ' s because he actually loves you no he doesn ' t as a student as a student that ' s cool what are you doing now i am trying to find a paragraph it ' s the eyebrow isn ' t that awful i broke off my moji ' s eyebrow has to be one eyebrow
375. which i think is probably why what are you gonna draw? you okay doing spanish homework yeah it isn ' t really homework to be honest i ' m just doing it because i ' m a lovely student yeah i ' m going to do that as well but not now yeah i ' ve got i don ' t want i don ' t want to do the maths test because i ' m really really
379. mm and er i just said oh she said oh w oh we ' re going out now and i said oh erm someone ' s blocked you in and she ' s like oh okay and the student was like is it you? and i was like no why would you d why wouldn ' t you say? if it was you you ' d be like oh sorry my car ' s in the way
381. hole stop pointing out all my flaws like making me feel vulnerable like you ' re so much better than me exactly what i felt like saying mm i ' ve got a hole and you ' re a student now fuck off very odd very odd people just do very weird things mm like one guy told off not told her off but kind of spoke to her because she put the milk in before she removed the tea
382. a different career but is the name of the young chap er mm well he ' s not a young well he ' s a sort of yeah yeah mid - thirties now erm he was a student here and is an honorary official at wimbledon right and for about the last seven or eight years he ' s been kind enough to get me tickets for various things and this year he ' s got me two
384. my sister likes you oh dear she says thinks you ' re really good you listen and you help oh right oh really? and that ' s gone into him as well gone into from a year eleven student yeah to a year nine student ah in yeah three weeks kids are coming to me and saying yeah that ' s no that ' s brilliant ain ' t it? that ' s brilliant ain ' t it
385. she says thinks you ' re really good you listen and you help oh right oh really? and that ' s gone into him as well gone into from a year eleven student yeah to a year nine student ah in yeah three weeks kids are coming to me and saying yeah that ' s no that ' s brilliant ain ' t it? that ' s brilliant ain ' t it? mm but you wanna take
389. just get them something like small though it ' s like literally like i ' ll have to say like my parents are just like no don ' t get us anything this year because you ' re a student for my parents if i had brothers and sisters i ' d probably get presents for my brothers and sisters but i i say like grandparents aunties or anything no yeah yeah i couldn ' t afford to get
390. cos like but i mean i ' ve seen like that that that one roundabout that i was talking about at road like it ' s really treacherous like there ' s um i once saw a chinese student i imagine student riding the wrong way around the roundabout and i was just like oh my god you ' re dicing with death like mind you though if you go the wrong if you go the wrong though
391. but i mean i ' ve seen like that that that one roundabout that i was talking about at road like it ' s really treacherous like there ' s um i once saw a chinese student i imagine student riding the wrong way around the roundabout and i was just like oh my god you ' re dicing with death like mind you though if you go the wrong if you go the wrong though it ' s
392. so i think at that level of you ' re a rude boy and you recognise that you have to jump through hoops that ' s just the same as like you know like a an english literature student jumping through hoops who ' s mm actually gonna turn out to be like a fucking corporate director or like yeah more like a manager of sainsbury ' s or something you know i mean? yeah
394. i was like lovely i ' ll just go back to lancaster now well that was only the foreign ones tense face up on the train between me wearing my uni sweater and a cov uni student wearing his i ' ll keep you posted ah it ' s funny maybe something like turned out he ' s alright actually what? that says two replies why does it say no replies? i don ' t
396. buy at mm chestnuts and things so i drove down to a little supermarket down in can i make some tea? mm in the old village yeah and i parked the car and i saw an old student of mine who well she ' s just an amazing girl anyway she runs erm and she ' s in a big choir and she ' s been running it for about ten years and i i was first
397. retirement so she was the first one out and another one that i ' d been at college with she left to go and live in erm and then that left myself and that was my ex - student and erm i had the opportunity if i didn ' t take early retirement then i ' d have to have committed to another five years and i couldn ' t face five more more years so i thought
402. famous example or famous in terms of archaeology where they had these coins sort of persian coins and no one could understand what was shown on the coin they came up with all these different ideas and then a student at university girl at university got to say it ' s quite obvious that this is a map of persia and no one had noticed good lord is that right? well of course one forgets that even the
404. weeks review it but mm which i think it i don ' t know i don ' t know which is best it might be better for them to do it so slowly mm probably depends on the individual student i yeah exactly would think there ' s no right or wrong and it ' s hard to do it yeah yeah but i ' m just like in no man ' s land there ' s really they '
405. it cost a week? well i paid a h one thousand two hundred for twenty sessions mm which works out at sixty you know it ' s like ten pound seventy - five which is which is one student a session yeah take he ' s the easiest so for one hour a week can pay for all your personal training needs mm that ' s a good point that ' s a good point yeah cos yeah
406. just want the day when i ' m not working at all what what are you doing on fridays then? you ' re doing college? i do sugar craft i do the sugar flower work as a student or? as a student oh okay and they and i ' ve also been in cake decorating not not really i don ' t really need it i did it initially because i ' d never done any
407. i ' m not working at all what what are you doing on fridays then? you ' re doing college? i do sugar craft i do the sugar flower work as a student or? as a student oh okay and they and i ' ve also been in cake decorating not not really i don ' t really need it i did it initially because i ' d never done any courses and then the college
409. beautiful aria on the cd that i bought from figaro i ' ll put that on for you is there? mm oh no i haven ' t written to this guy oh no there ' s a student doing a tra translating the ' s stuff into spanish mm and er do you think we might have some hot water we do yeah he translated like this whole bit this this whole series of articles and er
411. tia and tamera tia and tamera erm what else were my favourites? i used to like the flintstones and the jetsons you used to like student bodies yes i did used to like student bodies who didn ' t like that? a cartoon slash teenagers with problems it was great i never saying that though really watched clueless that was on that was definitely on this show as well like they were
413. like a month before it was the postgrad open day? yeah yeah yeah and they didn ' t like tell us it was happening on our course which was quite annoying when i ' m like a student there yeah and i can ' t even attend cos it was fully booked but erm because i sa i ' d in expressed an interest in it mm they like emailed me to say erm
414. a back of a ak forty - seven in their snout yeah doesn ' t matter if it ' s a girl or a british well they they the israelis actually shot at a british he was protesting that student was protesting and they shot him and then they said sorry yeah didn ' t mean to yeah they said just sorry so boom ooh sorry didn ' t mean to oh dead what a shame yeah but apart
415. very interesting subject there ' s one tiny bit of evidence that ' s just come through that maybe there was yeah that there was interbreeding yeah i ' m so tired i ' ve been a student for a week and it ' s just like killed me it was really fun so how was it being a student? it was really fun were you just were you being like a college? were you being
416. that there was interbreeding yeah i ' m so tired i ' ve been a student for a week and it ' s just like killed me it was really fun so how was it being a student? it was really fun were you just were you being like a college? were you being a guest or? what were you doing? oh for may week mm a guest a that ' s not being
417. was really fun were you just were you being like a college? were you being a guest or? what were you doing? oh for may week mm a guest a that ' s not being a student so so back in so i almost got stuck in actually like if this had been the come back when did you come back? we left early so we left at eight yesterday to get back in time like
418. this had been the come back when did you come back? we left early so we left at eight yesterday to get back in time like with the snow for me it wasn ' t like being a student it was like more being a student than i i ever was was it tiring? d didn ' t you didn ' t get to lectures? no i exactly i didn ' t have i didn '
419. did you come back? we left early so we left at eight yesterday to get back in time like with the snow for me it wasn ' t like being a student it was like more being a student than i i ever was was it tiring? d didn ' t you didn ' t get to lectures? no i exactly i didn ' t have i didn ' t have to do all that yeah
420. ##ring? d didn ' t you didn ' t get to lectures? no i exactly i didn ' t have i didn ' t have to do all that yeah it ' s just like being a student yeah that ' s very true it ' s like being a history student yeah you don ' t go to any lectures i didn ' t ever go to any lectures really? but they ' re interesting that
421. no i exactly i didn ' t have i didn ' t have to do all that yeah it ' s just like being a student yeah that ' s very true it ' s like being a history student yeah you don ' t go to any lectures i didn ' t ever go to any lectures really? but they ' re interesting that ' s why you go to lectures yeah i really enjoy them no no
424. it was below the whatever so i thought what should i do with myself and i i thought i ' ll going to see if church needs any help so i so this is well it was before i student ' s found it very amusing that there ' s like and all the others working away with these fingerless gloves and their like breath hitting the computer screen and condensing and cos we had no
425. this gonna go to chinese students? no i don ' t no it ' s completely anonymous actually oh right all the names and places get taken out mm but some of them i gave i gave one student a ten today out of ten out of a hundred for his essay that was er one? er? how much? ten ten out of a hundred ten out of hundred? yeah and that was generous i
426. a none everybody likes the sound of their own voice absolutely yeah and it ' s the same with me if i ' m a teacher i ' m always the same you know less teacher talk time more student talk time you know that ' s the whole kind of thing that you get you know trained into knowing that you ' ve spoken for too long mm mm and and i think yeah if you prepare something very
428. his mouth but they don ' t want people to smoke yeah but everybody smokes here don ' t you think? well yeah i was up in that yeah campus today you were what? nearly every student had a gasper you know it was i ' ll try and get this just chuffing away like anybody ' s business mm i ' m just trying to get this net working so that when i
429. erm in american schools they have police officers onsite as well mm there is in london sometimes i think oh there was a i saw on the news yesterday a police officer who just assaulted a student was sacked why? well cos he assaulted the student yeah but why did he assault the student? i don ' t know i think she was being misbehaving in the classroom so he was
430. ##e as well mm there is in london sometimes i think oh there was a i saw on the news yesterday a police officer who just assaulted a student was sacked why? well cos he assaulted the student yeah but why did he assault the student? i don ' t know i think she was being misbehaving in the classroom so he was called in whereupon he just assaulted her so that ' s
431. sometimes i think oh there was a i saw on the news yesterday a police officer who just assaulted a student was sacked why? well cos he assaulted the student yeah but why did he assault the student? i don ' t know i think she was being misbehaving in the classroom so he was called in whereupon he just assaulted her so that ' s how it ended so of course being this
432. ' ve chosen the weird modules that nobody wants to do then cos i ' ve done two undergraduate modules also pidgins and creoles and syntactic theory i ' m the only masters student in in both classes are you really? so i was gonna do syntactic theory but erm then she put me on bet you ' d be glad you didn ' t i said i ' d
435. charities good charities i should say i ' m always looking for ways to i suppose thematically i am very interested in children you know the types of charities i support yeah are pretty much always student er student woo my students i ' ve been writing this paper about bloody university students there was about two or three yeah okay so i wonder if there is like thematically you know erm a way of drawing together
436. ? oh i went ice skating how was it? i can ' t believe you went ice skating and you didn ' t tell erm oh oh yeah i could tell her it ' s like a student is like eleven pounds something it ' s at that ' s the same bloody price as in yeah it was at how was that? that ' s so far hey it was really pretty well not really yeah
438. those students which was really nice which really cheered me up yeah but it makes you wonder where did she where is she coming from? where does she get this idea from? it must have been one student on one morning or maybe she said what don ' t you like about er ' s course? and also it was interesting you know when you give feedback you usually say one well the the sort of practice
439. called old age must be some genetic like squirrels i realised though when i was at er a meeting i used the work interesting wrong in france mm because some somebody there was some teacher was moaning about a student you know these these miage students they do two weeks at university and two weeks in a company? company yeah anyway one of these guys well who well you never saw and nor did i he never turns
441. in in the north? yes why? i ' ve been there i ' ve been there as well to? yeah that ' s where i did my languages really? ah yeah i was the only student in the whole four years in the er the department there oh you were seeing for the no you that ' s before i came to london to do my phd yeah yeah yeah i like i love it there
444. extra study yeah but do you know how many extra hours that s takes out of your time? what for the teacher? yeah yeah quite a lot i mean i know it ' s better for the student definitely yeah god definitely definitely yeah well as but as long as they figure this into the pay scale of these jobs the teacher needs to have some time to do that yeah you need some down time and you
445. skill to get the teacher to know how to yeah well and that ' s what works it ' s the learning space that ' s works with me when i was working with who ' s the other student who ' s up in and she ' s trying she ' s a teacher at school and she ' s trying to learn english so she can teach english in a spanish school and erm so she got
449. ' t they when we didn ' t have our students cards yeah but then like they would not let us in but then again when i went with and stuff i went in without any id or my student id it might be because you were with me because i look older and i am older cos like they looked at my passport and then they asked for my student id yeah it might be because i '
450. went in without any id or my student id it might be because you were with me because i look older and i am older cos like they looked at my passport and then they asked for my student id yeah it might be because i ' m older but also it might be because and her friends had already gone in and they came out to get me cos they thought that i ' d gone home
452. was like yeah okay kiddo that might work i was like kiddo? yeah how old is he? erm i think he ' s quite old oh okay right yeah he ' s a mature student ah okay like dunno maybe nineteen or twenty and you class that as a mature student well and he ' s saying kiddo? well you know what i mean it ' s just a term of end
453. old is he? erm i think he ' s quite old oh okay right yeah he ' s a mature student ah okay like dunno maybe nineteen or twenty and you class that as a mature student well and he ' s saying kiddo? well you know what i mean it ' s just a term of endearment cos the first time he text me erm i didn ' t know
455. mm to be a doctor or did i make that up? no i made that up is it something like that? or a nurse or no? i can ' t remember what she ' s a student for oh no she ' s doing she ' s studying science or something is she? biology maybe something like that yeah rings a bell biology i really don ' t know maybe it ' s just clashing
456. days just reading yeah that ' s still but it ' s gone quickly dear yeah too quickly how much input have you had? maybe too much and not enough at the same time i feel like a student on erm finals week in korea yeah i ' m gonna start becoming we ' re gonna start waking up at six am and studying until eleven pm well that ' s the thing as well if we er
459. that yes so the audience are looking at going i wonder if the lecturer will say yes i really hope the lecturer will say yes cos i wanna know what the lecturer ' s gonna say about the student and if you wanted to you could like wait a whole week or two weeks and you can thread of that story through each of your subsequent interviews whether it ' s er a little bit at the ends where
460. otherwise now that ' s a perception whether that ' s true but that ' s just my experience from when i was at university that ' s what it felt like i might have been the type of student who chose not to engage with these people maybe they did engage with others but erm but i don ' t think so i don ' t think it was like that it was definitely an us and them
461. of study and this is a way to engage your your learners so if you ' re learning about collaboration but you can ' t collaborate because you ' re physically not able to you ' re an online student and you you need to learn about it this is a moving images case study which is a real life example of collaboration and you pepper it around teaching materials and learning materials so that basically the instructor knows how
462. between there and there and publishing there is a model for us to sell to higher education institutions mm there is a model because what you ' re providing is a high quality content which will engage with a student target group cos the the universities are going to have to get a lot cleverer at producing content to engage with certain age groups they ' re really gonna have to get clever at that so if we
463. a coffee and have a chat about it? and the lecturer was like oh my god somebody ' s come and asked me to go and have a coffee with them and they ' re an undergrad student i don ' t even talk to undergrads the you know what i mean? so there ' s this kind of like you ' re selling on a a feeling you ' re not selling just a
464. mm hm uh they ' re just like answering these questions by email and i think it sort of doesn ' t break down a barrier necessarily but it makes us a bit more one to one with each student er yeah and are you emailing them back? yeah and they always try and add that ' s cool even if it ' s oh thanks so much we ' ll look at this yeah er i '
465. such a nice guy good and just really funny he laughs a lot i love that great trait good it is in any human and he ' s and he ' s so funny and he ' s also student twice a week and he said oh i got my test results from ninety - eight percent i said i bet you were gutted and he was he was kicking himself that he ' d got a couple wrong
466. is a f a er f a generic structure to a for like can i help you? yeah yeah yeah but but maybe it is more formulaic in some languages than others you know but also the student is not aware of how language works right no matter what background they ' re from cos you might have learners english speakers trying to do that in another language as well mm can you write down some sentences
467. write down some sentences for me? and then they mm mm they get the same problem yeah so it might not be a problem with the language background of the person but it ' s the er the student ' s lack of awareness about how language works mm and that could be from any cultural background true you know and indeed it ' s also a a a mistake that coursebook writers make themselves yeah and i
475. invigilated it ' s really boring walked around for hours just doing nothing but the first exam i ever invigilated was a two - hour exam and i remember really clearly that this student fell asleep within about ten minutes of the exams completely down on me and i remember looking at the the head of english and kind of giving him a look you know communicating without words kinda looking at the student
476. fell asleep within about ten minutes of the exams completely down on me and i remember looking at the the head of english and kind of giving him a look you know communicating without words kinda looking at the student yeah being like you know is that okay? he kinda nods at me and very suddenly walked round the back of the class and stood behind the student looked at me again as if to say is this the
477. look you know communicating without words kinda looking at the student yeah being like you know is that okay? he kinda nods at me and very suddenly walked round the back of the class and stood behind the student looked at me again as if to say is this the student? and i went yeah yeah he ' s asleep obviously smacked him twice in the head in his fucking head the student gets up gets grabs the
478. being like you know is that okay? he kinda nods at me and very suddenly walked round the back of the class and stood behind the student looked at me again as if to say is this the student? and i went yeah yeah he ' s asleep obviously smacked him twice in the head in his fucking head the student gets up gets grabs the pen starts writing i was wow oh my god like you '
479. and stood behind the student looked at me again as if to say is this the student? and i went yeah yeah he ' s asleep obviously smacked him twice in the head in his fucking head the student gets up gets grabs the pen starts writing i was wow oh my god like you ' d literally wouldn ' t be able to do that here i would never could ' ve pointed that out if i knew
480. or like make them hold a position for ages it works wow i ' m i used th yeah yeah i mean dunce cap within reason i mean th yeah i genuinely use one i i get the student up stand next to me you try and get them to help you yeah the cap is good help me teach you know what i mean? do the board and stuff but it just doesn ' t really work
481. i ' m gonna kill myself and runs out of the class you all you can do as a teacher is sit there in that class ask er another pupil to go and inform reception inform reception that the student had vacated the classroom and having said this that ' s a reception problem yeah and that ' s it mm it ' s it ' s i mean i think it ' s school it ' s the behaviour
482. it ' s the behaviour is not that good in korea you think like the like you say it can ' t be like they ' re definitely getting worse and also the parents because they like make the student study so much like ridiculous hours from such a young age that they kind of allow them to behave however they want like in general yeah and also cos parents like pay for their children like his standard that
483. thought that was hilarious don ' t forget to wash your balls the other boys they don ' t think in english one drew a big penis didn ' t they or something? ah yeah that was another student drew a massive penis in class boys are funny man they ' re just don ' t forget to wash boys are easier to teach than girls i think genuinely i think boys generally are easier than girls girls yeah
484. high school attitudes you have to understand these things as a teacher i often think that some of the best teachers will probably be students who weren ' t very good students i wasn ' t a very good student at school so i can understand the students yeah i guess you that aren ' t really good at school yeah have like empathy with them i think don ' t take things too personally i wouldn ' t have
494. your siblings yeah it was in my family always acted or demanded it is a different responsibility to really oh well with three kids that sounds like it ' s i don ' t know yeah i had a student that were like fifteen no that ' s just a fucking nightmare are you going to the shop? yes i will what do you want? do you just want cigarettes? well i don ' t know are
496. yeah casinos are filthy i think maybe i ' ve been there once and it was i swear like years ago before i went to uni was it at uni? they tried to make like a student maybe it wasn ' t a thursday night yeah yeah there ' s a student night but they did like an alternative music night like we saw oh really? in casino rooms? in casino rooms ah there you
498. like a guitar when you first get it so yeah mm yeah the well it ' s it ' s a even if it ' s a good instrument we ' ve erm so she would like a student instruments like this like yeah the to me like quite ththey ' re not you know this isn ' t erm as when you said it was gonna it was like a i can say it co
499. got some really? and i ' m like mac and cheese yeah you they think they ' ve created mac and cheese you put cheese on pasta you think you created that yeah that ' s not a student created that and it ' s not even like proper cheese after italy did it well yeah exactly do you know what they think about british people? do you know the stereotypes? that we have bad teeth that
500. s very ingrained in like their textbooks and their culture and mm and their culture and everything and they ' re obviously like the superior asian race they ' re very racist if you ' ve got a student in your class mm but i think i think they ' re all the same that ' s like vietnamese mm they hate him i think they all teach themselves to be they don ' t talk to the vietnamese
501. your class mm but i think i think they ' re all the same that ' s like vietnamese mm they hate him i think they all teach themselves to be they don ' t talk to the vietnamese student do you know what i mean? ohh it ' s really bad cos then it ' s really harsh i mean if one student ' s like japenese mm or something or vietnamese or philipp
502. teach themselves to be they don ' t talk to the vietnamese student do you know what i mean? ohh it ' s really bad cos then it ' s really harsh i mean if one student ' s like japenese mm or something or vietnamese or philippino or whatever because the koreans are marked koreans are like but it ' s the same in thaithaithailand and laos and er
505. a korean speaking english with an indian accent and i was like you ' re brilliant like you know was he was he japanese or korean or? cos came to work with he ' s a phd student he was working with and obviously ' s like from so he ' s got a thick huddersfield accent and this asian guy was obviously learning english from went back to asia with a yorkshire accent yorkshire accent they do
506. ' t really know you how can you be offended by someone you don ' t know? can i put your job role as rentboy? mm what? job role or position rentboy just put student being a rentboy is pretty good student or slash poor you actually put poor? yeah shall i write pauper? pau pauper yeah topic various including euthenesia poorness euthenesia yeah eu
507. be offended by someone you don ' t know? can i put your job role as rentboy? mm what? job role or position rentboy just put student being a rentboy is pretty good student or slash poor you actually put poor? yeah shall i write pauper? pau pauper yeah topic various including euthenesia poorness euthenesia yeah euthenesia like you have to do this
509. ' s what i thought i was sure it was gonna be really expensive which probably cos it ' s out of term time unless they charge you like child price no cos i asked for a student or a normal or something well why? you should have just asked for a child well cos i ' m clearly not a child you say clearly but that ' s not tru you did walk into
510. er er ' s point is you could always ask er you should always ask a question which allows or require sorry not allows requires critical yes analysis oh absolutely yeah of something yeah yeah right er because the student otherwise will just simply reproduce as it were what he she knows about x yes i know er now sometimes you can do it by putting in that word in the title critically yes evaluate the contribution of z to
511. one did you graduate from? but it says to be oh you weren ' t clever enough to get in uni were you? thought so i don ' t know so you ' re not a student any more then? no i ' m graduated no no i like i but alright okay so do you work or anything? i ' m working here at the minute yeah fortunately he ' s just a lu
513. - eight eight sixteen twenty - four thirty - two forty forty - eight it ' s six forty - eight yeah so it ' s six mm so there ' s six students per teacher so if a student pays five pound per class that ' s thirty pounds per teacher per hour mm say the teacher gets paid twenty pounds and ten pounds is left over for the running of the property and for whatever else that '
514. of stuff right? all to do with the unit mm mm er you ' re not familiar with these? no right i think you only really get to see these erm if you ' re a student or a convener i guess or? yeah right i wouldn ' t really have any reason to i don ' t think i have any lets with me unfortunately but lets basically just ask similar sorts of
516. is the reality check is that it ' s more likely to be this but yeah somesometimes look there there are plenty of students as well and i i just read this wonderful email from a student telling me that you know she loves my class and all that sort of stuff incredibly biased i paid her large sums of money five dollars yeah that ' s right five dollars erm they ' re very cheap
517. you spend more than ten minutes on any assignment are you crazy? blah blah blah three minutes yeah yeah and this is like tick tick tick mark bang yeah and i hate that i cos as a student i read the feedback you know and i i looked at it and i did all some of these big key words you know you you can reflected on it and i looked at it and i saw it as
518. the students there was a there was a group of us er myself and my friends and this is probably where the my biggest advantage lies i believe is because i ' m s relatively close to being the student most of the academics here are so so distant erm both in a time sense and almost in a physical sense in the sense that they have they ' ve no interest in it so they don ' t
519. ' s go for history of students er students er fucking students they think they ' re all fucking living ah you you might get this yeah oh get ready for this who was plato ' s most famous student? oh god i don ' t know which ttwo spring to mind but i don ' t know which which two spring to mind? well i ' m thinking of aristotle or socrates erm okay but
521. hate that yeah they probably just point at people go you yeah you and i had every students ' picture this may be a bit extreme i had ev like no on on a dartboard i asked every student to bring me a passport photo that is weird and it ' s no get locked up for that over here because the no cos i had eight classes a week each class had forty students gosh what
528. well what there was that young lad who was extradited to the us wasn ' t he? he had like a film sharing thing i don ' t know i don ' t he was a student he was from sheffield i think oh right oh yeah maybe and he was i can ' t exactly remember all the ins and outs of it but they they had a thing in didn ' t they they had
529. would here cos i feel like this is quite an accepting place you ' d think so i mean we have a lot of international students here and i ' m not saying he ' s an international student but i ' m just saying like the tolerance level here seems to be you know higher than yeah definitely than it might be like most places somewhere else yeah but no it would be interesting to see what he
535. reason i got on to them was because erm my dad worked with somebody whose partner was one of the staff there i still can ' t understand why they helped you? er because i was a student from the area or sorry a graduate from wearside they help the they they help they work slightly differently in that they yeah i i was i was living in sunderland where i was from sunderland and i had
536. my lasagne dish and that was just cold but you were quite determined i was so adamant that i was making a lasagne the general theme of every whatsapp message is going to meet my student now but buying a lasagne dish afterwards oh a student ' s late but buying a lasagne dish later student ' s been and gone on my way to get a lasagne dish oh eating lasagne
537. were quite determined i was so adamant that i was making a lasagne the general theme of every whatsapp message is going to meet my student now but buying a lasagne dish afterwards oh a student ' s late but buying a lasagne dish later student ' s been and gone on my way to get a lasagne dish oh eating lasagne i just thought you know if anything terrible happened to me
538. a lasagne the general theme of every whatsapp message is going to meet my student now but buying a lasagne dish afterwards oh a student ' s late but buying a lasagne dish later student ' s been and gone on my way to get a lasagne dish oh eating lasagne i just thought you know if anything terrible happened to me you ' ll at least know i i did it something
539. word is i ' m sorry invent one if you didn ' t know what the word is what would it be? oh i don ' t know i ' m sorry i never did have a student to tell me to fuck off but i think i was probably close with some of the teenage classes funny my eighteen - year - old boy tells me to fuck off all the time yeah you can ' t
540. fuck off fucking bell end and like i ' m going to get sacked ah it ' s probably quite appropriate for an eighteen - year - old boy to to know that oh yeah absolutely i had one student who every week had this sweatshirt that said like give a fuck obviously in english yeah i ' ve got one who always wears like really rude jumpers and yeah and it ' s funny one week he kind
541. so in that way i think i ' m quite lazy and i can always draw the line and go right that ' s enough and i did it on celta i did it when i was a student i ' m you know trying to do it now yeah and you go right enough ' s enough sorry it ' s my time now bye yeah erm and it ' s you know it ' s not
542. gonna come and well where are you all stopping in then? well and all go to university there now oh right yeah doing? i don ' t know what he ' s doing ' s a perpetual student is he? yeah he is yeah he ' s now doing a phd i don ' t actually know if he in what? erm international politics and something i don ' t a phd? i don
543. shakespeare or something shit like that they needed her to be able to get her residency and for her to be able to get this internship the french laws were that she needed signatures that she was still a student and that she was erm doing this as part of her course mm anyway so this is in paris? yeah so they sent they near so they they got erm they got one of her teachers college
544. part of her course mm anyway so this is in paris? yeah so they sent they near so they they got erm they got one of her teachers college teachers to say yeah she was still a student which she isn ' t yeah then they wanted they needed a head of head of erm the u head of the building you know head of the institution to sign yeah couldn ' t get that so they
549. producers and distributors so i got onto that and that was the second year they ran that course and it ' s still running but it ' s much bigger now but but that was nice because i was student at which is one of the big film schools in france and then i was a student film school student at erm which was near and they pay for us to go all around europe and meet all these
550. course and it ' s still running but it ' s much bigger now but but that was nice because i was student at which is one of the big film schools in france and then i was a student film school student at erm which was near and they pay for us to go all around europe and meet all these amazing people it was incredible for formation of the training it was a really well put together
551. ' s still running but it ' s much bigger now but but that was nice because i was student at which is one of the big film schools in france and then i was a student film school student at erm which was near and they pay for us to go all around europe and meet all these amazing people it was incredible for formation of the training it was a really well put together course but i
554. it? different one mm i don ' t know why er didn ' t take it she forgot she had a lot on her mind at the time mm yeah anyhow now is a full - time student yeah she ' s loving it she can er have something that full - time students have what ' s that? a scruffy room a what? a what? a scruffy room a sc
555. it to work we ' ve got two summer students coming ha ha nice ha we ' ve got do you want to make the greatest sacrifice for this company? well we ' ve got a uni student and two summer students oh okay cool how long do? i ' m gonna corrupt one of them how long does uni? is it a a whole year yeah with with tcp? yeah nice it
559. m don ' t do student discount no well they ' re quite cheap anyway aren ' t they i suppose? i know still though yeah still feel slightly ripped off not that i ' m even a student really have you got a stu you haven ' t got a student card? i do yeah i still have mine cos it doesn ' t technically expire well it does it it hasn ' t got
561. what an oncologist is and secondly they ' re like won ' t ask you because if they do know what it is they know it ' s really depressing and to do with cancer so student oncologist student oncologist i don ' t then you could be on rotation wouldn ' t you? they wouldn ' t know that they work in h and m unless they ' ve got a
562. ##ogist is and secondly they ' re like won ' t ask you because if they do know what it is they know it ' s really depressing and to do with cancer so student oncologist student oncologist i don ' t then you could be on rotation wouldn ' t you? they wouldn ' t know that they work in h and m unless they ' ve got a brother or sister oh
564. like a student card oh that ' s good it ' s seventy pound not seventy - seven pounds that ' s good and it lasts till two thousand and twenty - one she is a long - time student i know so she is like definitely been a student for a long time she can get away with it sometimes they say they won ' t take it cos it hasn ' t got nus on there
565. ' s seventy pound not seventy - seven pounds that ' s good and it lasts till two thousand and twenty - one she is a long - time student i know so she is like definitely been a student for a long time she can get away with it sometimes they say they won ' t take it cos it hasn ' t got nus on there sometimes i know they ' re really picky really
570. yeah a big cost and last year they bought us all i don ' t know if you ' ve heard of office 365 but that ' s like the online one for businesses they ' ve got every student and every year seven and every staff member an account to that i never even knew i had it so i couldn ' t use it so they what when you were there? nno this is at school
571. so erm my dad was telling me about this poem and there ' s this guy called like i can ' t quite remember but he was erm a student at and he got expelled from and he ' s like a prankster or something he was he was quite clever is it real? yeah like a real person and erm he was the one he used
575. be more the work that was on it like yeah that ' d be the bad thing yeah my friend at who you know has like become a teacher? mm well her brother erm is a medical student mm and erm he his student like when he lived with all medics students and they ththat house got robbed and they nicked all the laptops all the computers all the electrical equipment and
576. it like yeah that ' d be the bad thing yeah my friend at who you know has like become a teacher? mm well her brother erm is a medical student mm and erm he his student like when he lived with all medics students and they ththat house got robbed and they nicked all the laptops all the computers all the electrical equipment and then oh thank god they didn '
578. also now that the students are now paying through the nose so yes yeah yeah i guess that makes it easier yeah it is interesting and it worked out that the full cost of us educating an average cambridge student is about eighteen thousand pounds so in reality it ' s sort of heavens yeah e exactly you ' re not paying through the nose but er well you are but well you are but it ' s it depends
579. much apply to the college you like the look of and it doesn ' t make a difference but it no really does and y yeah it ' s not so for example if you ' re an art student and you don ' t want a long walk you should apply to yes if you want to er if you ' re going to do astronomy at if you ' re a lesbian applying to you know under no
581. ' s for their progress jesus no but you don ' t have to spend more than no do you? no you don ' t it would i reckon i ' d spend two minutes well they per student they were talking about erm you know checking some people are checking all of the plagiarism things in the notes some people aren ' t and so some people are spending a lot longer doing it
582. cos i didn ' t see it at first i should have warned you last night and i was just i saw it and i remembered from last year yeah i thought you and then i had a student come up and half time and and say well hang on a minute isn ' t surely threat would be the head noun cos that matches the verb yeah why is it diseases or something and i was like
583. you know they ' ll do as well roughly as what they were told they were gonna do at like sixteen i have friends that were like sixteen they were told they were a c or a d grade student and they carry that forever and they ' re kinda like you know no i ' m dyslexic i ' ve got this i can ' t do that and i can ' t do this
589. look at these splendid houses maybe this is where people like it ' s got to be down there hasn ' t it? yeah they all look like student student houses yeah it ' s fun being a student even if you ' re having a terrible time right any ideas? yeah keep following the diverted traffic i reckon i reckon what are you going to get for his birthday? erm nothing very much erm
590. saying like she ' s not underage or it ' s not wrong which i agree with but it ' s an abuse of trust because you ' re put in er a position of power over that student yeah you can you can get bonds like that it weren ' t yeah you do yeah you do pe department at that school they were all fucking doing it i tell you that we knew about another teacher who
592. anyway tell me about is a german boy who ' s twenty - eight years old and did you meet him did how where were you? basically i got this part time job when i was a language student i got this part time job in a school did you enjoy doing that by the way? yes i enjoyed it i enjoyed it i think and it was only twelve hours a week and i was getting eight
596. added in the oddest bits though from what i remember i presume they didn ' t add in pot plants and things no they they did dedicate several lines to erm sort of miscellaneous composite student rambling about tomatoes and i presume and i presume they didn ' t wasn ' t which wasn ' t in the original i presume they didn ' t do the erm mystic sultana
598. cos i think the periodic table if you remember that do you? maybe not w i mean the periodic table of all the elements yeah i actually do think that if if gcses well any student of chemistry it ' s even more important the higher up you go if you actually understand all that mm you so much of it just er falls into place it ' s it ' s ver i remember
603. house and you don ' t need it yeah erm this was it was weird isn ' t it? yeah they used to have a a bath with a wood fire underneath and i actually had a student when i first went out there who lived in the countryside and they still did that so they ' d go out and have to go out and out of outside the house you know so the access is outside
604. ' m enjoying it i ' m sitting somewhere comfortable i ' m not harming anyone it ' s not like it ' s busy or anything you are you harming industry and business as a economics student i think you ' d understand there ' s always got to be one i think that ' s the last of the questions i think we should concentrate our efforts to who is drinking milk straight out of a
605. think it ' s okay but i mean if you ' re single i think it ' s okay but if you ' re married i just don ' t think yeah i know i remember saying to a student last year a little boy in conversation club how many people live in your house? and he was like nine people i was like er what? who? oh my goodness and it ' s you know him
606. so that was nice they were nice which is nice which is nice running out of words today we ' ve got two and two and a half hours of this er yes talk words er and then my student was there mm did i tell you this story? i shall tell you again for the benefit of our listeners cos it ' s funny er you ' ve met the really big one he ' s my
607. there mm did i tell you this story? i shall tell you again for the benefit of our listeners cos it ' s funny er you ' ve met the really big one he ' s my student? or? no here er he came bowling with us oh yes big guy yeah quiet speaks english with like a posh accent okay that he ' s got from i don ' t know where yeah er
608. he has been a prison officer for twelve years oh wow er and thought he meant i ' ve been in prison for twelve years i ' m ah right and he thought and he thought he had this student in his class he was learning english to get him on the straight and narrow ah after twelve years in prison oh that ' s funny i was like twelve years in prison? you it ' s like i
609. me in a minute and i think in some ways it is you know you ' re waking up at the same time eating the same breakfasts and going to work er or if you ' re a student you ' re going to school every day and it can be very boring erm and at the same time of course it ' s not boring there ' s so many exciting things for you to do er
612. of the first year erm from the erm this lad ' s tutor to say that he to congratulate the er head of sixth form to say really? he was the er best prepared student they ' d ever had in the department go what a compliment which was quite yeah quite a feather in our cap you know? yeah i ' d say because it was a comprehensive school it was not a
613. and i would ' ve found i actually would ' ve found that very difficult because i i think to be personally challenged on your email you know? u more or less saying i you know if a student is saying in an email erm to er a personal tutor i am not learning as fast as i should it ' s er a complaint about the quality of your teaching or it could be construed
614. wow er five thousand years ago wow in cuneiform er aramaic canaanite classical hebrew classical arabic loads of languages wow oh yeah i was that that ' s amazing and i i was the only student in four years oh how did you chose that course? and they still? well i i didn ' t really somebody said that ' s why you should do you should do that so i said oh alright
615. rid of the mobiles so they ' re gonna move things in to these three rooms yeah but there ' s no sound - proofing in the rooms hm so if you ' re telling a a student one of them ' s gonna be like an intervention room where you will need to tell a student off yeah in the room next to it it ' s gonna be offices oh right so you could be mm
616. there ' s no sound - proofing in the rooms hm so if you ' re telling a a student one of them ' s gonna be like an intervention room where you will need to tell a student off yeah in the room next to it it ' s gonna be offices oh right so you could be mm shouting at a student for instance or telling them off and you can hear everything and vice versa if
617. s gonna be like an intervention room where you will need to tell a student off yeah in the room next to it it ' s gonna be offices oh right so you could be mm shouting at a student for instance or telling them off and you can hear everything and vice versa if you ' re on the phone to a parent or a cb issue they can hear in the office and they haven ' t thought
622. station and they went to go for a nando ' s just like it just seemed like very sort of like let ' s go for nando ' s generic yeah what you ' d ex a student would happen had to go to nando ' s yeah but i it didn ' t just didn ' t seem real yeah i know i think when they do stuff like that as well it ' s very
623. the lecturers here will ' ve had experience with students like that like these are common problems yeah they ' re horrible problems but they ' re common yeah erm i ' m sure a degree level student particularly at their first time away it ' s usually like the worst like the first time you go to university if you have any problems you ' ll have them in your first year well that ' s the
628. not got a student bank account i ' ve just got a normal one have you not? yeah oh my god why not? so i have cos my parents were like don ' t get a student account we should ' ve done though cos you get you get an overdraft and it ' s completely free and how long can you have the overdraft for? well it ' s for
630. i ' m i ' m in debt but you ' re not it ' s like everybody it ' s just yeah dips into their overdraft yeah it ' s just part of being a student really i ' ll definitely make that on my agenda then to yeah convert it because if my thingy comes through i ' ll need it if er yeah i didn ' t think about it you could use
641. making the sale now but yes yeah mm but building up that relationship mm yeah erm and you had that example about when you were invited out for dinner with some students and erm actually with a student do you remember? you were invited out for dinner with a student and you weren ' t sure what it was why the student had invited you out mm you were a bit worried that cos it was
642. mm yeah erm and you had that example about when you were invited out for dinner with some students and erm actually with a student do you remember? you were invited out for dinner with a student and you weren ' t sure what it was why the student had invited you out mm you were a bit worried that cos it was a m boy or it was a man or something that you thought
643. were invited out for dinner with some students and erm actually with a student do you remember? you were invited out for dinner with a student and you weren ' t sure what it was why the student had invited you out mm you were a bit worried that cos it was a m boy or it was a man or something that you thought it might be a date or that he might be thinking of
644. got a yeah a sentence for correction that i ' ve done with with quite advanced students and that isn ' t the problem mm it ' s a completely different problem in that sentence mm and every single student i ' ve ever done it with has picked that up and said that that was wrong cos they ' ve never learnt that structure yeah they should mm yeah as a yeah as another way of saying if
645. programme or from the x factor or that some of these famous people singers people don ' t know sometimes it ' s based on some culturally specific things they ' re just s simply from before mm the student that the person ' s time that you ' re talking to yes yeah you need to know how old people are yeah and so erm or it ' s based got sometimes you can you end up talking
646. first yeah and they don ' t seem to to realise that it ' s a name and therefore it ' s unfamiliar yeah mm but it ' s important so you ' ve got to be clear that student did this morning that was upset and she said my name is yeah god i just missed that altogether cos it wasn ' t a name i ' d heard of before yes exactly but i need to put
648. i ' m pretty sure someone got stabbed back like before i came to uni as well but yeah someone got stabbed outside not great thththinking about it on a lilist of like student voted worst club in the country it kind of says something that these people have been there that it must be kind of popular to get well yeah well people go to because it ' s shit yeah don '
651. there was an engineering part an arts part and sort of more of business studies part oh right aactually the engineering and the hairdressing and all that kinda jazz and you could always tell which student was which department you know? so oh yeah yeah just i mean very erm oh gosh what ' s the word? very oh i ' ll c i ' ll think of it in a minute
652. i think it might be oh there was are but i don ' t know and all the business students are a bit straighter you know? oh yeah i mean i i actually i was a business student so you know? do you think i i fit the straight bill? oh well you are do you think i ' ve developed? you yeah you ' re always very smart for work i ' m sure
655. a link with a school in bordeaux because when i was growing up erm there was a young woman called who used to come over in the holidays and look after us yeah and er she had a student she then went on to be a student and and this stu one of her students said to her i need a placement in england so sh phoned me up and said could you take a student? and
656. when i was growing up erm there was a young woman called who used to come over in the holidays and look after us yeah and er she had a student she then went on to be a student and and this stu one of her students said to her i need a placement in england so sh phoned me up and said could you take a student? and then since then we ' ve been taking
657. a student she then went on to be a student and and this stu one of her students said to her i need a placement in england so sh phoned me up and said could you take a student? and then since then we ' ve been taking two a year so we have we had this sort of who ' s a fellow trustee said erm oh yes i ' ve just been looking at the
658. i ' ve heard of the name but i don ' t know er he was a oh really? oh right okay yes yeah anyway erm i made friends with her ages ago when she was a student and so on and i always kept in touch with her any rate it was you know two thousand i i wanted to look at some papers in the hofburg which is the the equivalent of buckingham palace
665. might have some yeah opposition yeah which is great i bloody hope so yeah er but from who? who are these people? mm i don ' t know erm actually was saying she has a private student from erm er a woman who lives in the country mm who she goes out to on the tram erm and teaches english to and this woman apparently is ultra ultra conservative uhu and also ' s
666. s what it was yeah she put the rainbow picture on in support of the american supreme court mm erm saying yes gay marriage across the country or marriage for whoever wants it across the country and her student picked her up on that and started quizzing her on her own beliefs erm and said look i ' m your teacher i ' m here to talk with you about english but those personal issues are not
667. and said look i ' m your teacher i ' m here to talk with you about english but those personal issues are not up for conversation because she thought if she carried it on she would lose a student mm a student yeah and lose that income erm which may not ' ve been a huge deal for her but she would rather have the money mm and just talk about more banal things yeah and save
668. i ' m your teacher i ' m here to talk with you about english but those personal issues are not up for conversation because she thought if she carried it on she would lose a student mm a student yeah and lose that income erm which may not ' ve been a huge deal for her but she would rather have the money mm and just talk about more banal things yeah and save her political discussions
669. there ' s an energetic imbalance there because what do i get in return? and it ' s not that sounds really selfish and it is in a way but i like when you said about your student saying do a bit of gardening for me mm and i ' ll give you some food and some money i like that a lot more and i think if i give money without asking for anything in return like
670. because it then helps people to improve their life and living conditions yeah sort of improves the sort of circle i suppose yeah uhu mm but equally i ' d hate to see somebody hungry my erm student was telling me another student another judge erm she said with her mouth full mm er this other this judge was telling me a story once and er and a man had approached her in a supermarket car park
671. to improve their life and living conditions yeah sort of improves the sort of circle i suppose yeah uhu mm but equally i ' d hate to see somebody hungry my erm student was telling me another student another judge erm she said with her mouth full mm er this other this judge was telling me a story once and er and a man had approached her in a supermarket car park and said oh can i
672. six eight or mm yeah but a full class of sort of big people yeah is just awful that was my least favourite class was in the room next door with the room shaped like a horseshoe and every student has their back to the wall and a desk in front of them yeah and you can ' t move them about you can ' t split up well you know i did in the end but you know you
673. with i think they were writing mm an email to er apply for a job as a lifeguard or something like that yeah really because you know i wanted to do my best with helpful feedback for every student mm and that took time you know it took time first of all correcting the errors and then working out the common patterns of mistakes mm you know where it ' s use of articles or prepositions
676. day for the school so yeah all we have to do is just well i think all we have to do is just kind of talk about english and that yeah talk about wlike your life as a student or whatever yeah uhu ah it ' s so easy yeah such easy money i know maybe and maybe they pay you so much cos you actually have to stand outside in the cold all day and you
677. and er keeps your daughter in yeah well whatever it ' s erm i was telling him that the way i work as a teacher on one to ones yes and i said whenever i get a new student i cos they always think or hope that they can make tremendous strides in a short time right you know and i tell them straight away like it is you know it ' s it takes a lot of
679. my prices up so that might put them off oh well hope for best i ' ll get people anyway yes er who are they? mostly students or something or? no mostly professionals i get the odd student but that ' s more unusual yeah yes professionals don ' t mind paying a bit extra cos somebody else is paying i think that ' s it yeah they only mind if they ' re keeping two places
681. my class mm they ' re just gonna be bombarding me with questions i know it for on i wanna remind myself i ' m so glad i ' ve at least taught the course once mm okay student ' s work through exercises in groups and then review as a class twenty minutes huh book oh understanding your textbook thing? yeah? yeah need to make it more of a quiz understanding your textbook is that just
682. ? this book they ' ve got to do the quiz on from this on making predictions? book onto this book oh my god that ' s why i ' ve just now emailed all of the student ' s and said don ' t forget both books because we can ' t do a book quiz if you haven ' t got this one yeah yeah i might have to do the same now as well er
683. the clclass now i ' m sure she yeah i mean she ' s very bright no i i ' m hopeless at these kind of things erm right what ' s next? post - reading student ' s answer questions that class er like my other class i ' ve gotta oh sorry football post - reading student ' s answer questions okay is that all of those? yep fifteen minutes yep vocabulary review page
684. hopeless at these kind of things erm right what ' s next? post - reading student ' s answer questions that class er like my other class i ' ve gotta oh sorry football post - reading student ' s answer questions okay is that all of those? yep fifteen minutes yep vocabulary review page ten and eleven okay complete in groups then display answers well well displaying answers we ' ve got a pdf so we
686. year? yeah she did yeah i know it ' s not weird but it is weird cos you never like i just never really think oh she ' s from ghana yeah she ' s an international student yeah you never think like that do you? no i always think that she is properly from i think it ' s just weird because she ' s been here for so long it ' s not just like
687. you don ' t so oh okay don ' t oh right okay yeah i think it ' s just what you completed job role or position shall i put central? no fuck that you ' re a student mate i just put student er my accent or dialect posh isn ' t a dialect is it? no no er but i don ' t have a norfolk accent like this isn ' t a norfolk er
688. oh okay don ' t oh right okay yeah i think it ' s just what you completed job role or position shall i put central? no fuck that you ' re a student mate i just put student er my accent or dialect posh isn ' t a dialect is it? no no er but i don ' t have a norfolk accent like this isn ' t a norfolk er shall i put sou
689. ? so they suggested that i i switch course but then it baffled why i wasn ' t doing history in the first place what did you do in the first place? i enrolled as an english literature student you see i think you ' re better off for life purposes doing english language than english literature english literature is so bloody subjective i actually think that everything that i did was the wrong choice cos i chose
690. cos that ' s all education is it ' s just a money making scheme there ' s too much impetus on the teachers i think i ' d say ninety percent of it comes down to the student ' s motivation no but i i feel like i tea i really help them yeah yeah i do by teaching them different things that if if a teacher didn ' t bother with yeah then yeah i feel like
691. oh she waved at me at lunchtime oh it was so cute she didn ' t eat much at lunchtime i went home and she was in asleep yeah i managed to tell all about my american student in chinese i don ' t know if she actually well done understood the whole thing wow i i said to her i wasn ' t happy this morning because i i ' ve an american student in my class
692. my american student in chinese i don ' t know if she actually well done understood the whole thing wow i i said to her i wasn ' t happy this morning because i i ' ve an american student in my class and she america i was saying americans can speak english so why am i teaching english to an american? and she was g she was just you know how she does? just shrugging her
693. day there and i was going onto my next place you know and i didn ' t have a lot of money with me because i didn ' t have a lot of money i ' d been a student for however many years erm so i woke up the first morning in beijing with blood all over the place and and of course you couldn ' t get any ice we were just stuck in this student accommodation
695. more the point yeah yeah? and and okay i challenge you to try and get more money somewhere else to do that job having just left uni or or or or or ' s just a continued student that he likes the freedom when he was an undergrad cos he did a million different types of things and what he loves about being in this job now is he does a million different types of thing
701. and and then i and she she kind of lost interest in helping them because it was the lower students mm i think she wouldn ' t mind with the higher students she ' s sitting next to this student who is struggling already with well make sure they don ' t sit next to each other then yeah well how? if she ' s late she ' s late into class i can ' t save a seat
702. the students tomorrow and seeing if they agree and wanna add something to it so it ' s starting a thread by a letter a letter that goes to dear university teacher and it ' s signed from university student so it ' s no names attached mm it ' s just a get the ball rolling mm yeah mm and i was thinking in that they might be something that you know students might get drawn to where they
703. there ' s a problem here that exists before you even get there that you that you need to be aware of yeah and that you need that ' s what what you ' re trying to provide the student is the mechanism to shine above what this problem is yeah yeah and then at the student end they ' ve got their problem which is that they ' re expected to try and learn within an institution that i
704. need to be aware of yeah and that you need that ' s what what you ' re trying to provide the student is the mechanism to shine above what this problem is yeah yeah and then at the student end they ' ve got their problem which is that they ' re expected to try and learn within an institution that i i er hasn ' t yet matured in such a way in context of what future
709. so they he ' s killed her at er like ten in the morning er so that ' s quite like right near the s that ' s in the in the middle of daylight and she was a student yeah and then another woman was attempted attack on her while she was running in the evening they ' ve just said like don ' t go out alone and all this stuff so it ' s a bit scary
712. dear we were like oh no cos like the typical model is a really yeah old woman was it? oh but our mod oh no our mod our model wasn ' t it was this uni student and oh right she was just like yeah and we were like and she just kept she didn ' t mind and she just kept walking round and we were just like oh god no oh so yeah and then

Cluster 2
1. ' s reasonable to pay nearly ten pounds to see one film it ' s terrible um it ' s horrendous um so um yeah i ' ve still got a few years left before my student card runs out so i ' ve got unlimited years yes because um because works for the university press her work card looks like a student card so i go in and flash my work card and oh a student
4. few people that they ' re not too worried in all fairness it it is different but just people don ' t realize why it ' s different well there ' s a tiny strip cos on most student cards there ' s a er card see on most student cards in that corner there ' s a tiny bit of colour um your thumb ' s over it at the moment um so just there oh yeah?
5. fairness it it is different but just people don ' t realize why it ' s different well there ' s a tiny strip cos on most student cards there ' s a er card see on most student cards in that corner there ' s a tiny bit of colour um your thumb ' s over it at the moment um so just there oh yeah? and that ' s the college colours mhm um but
6. at the moment um so just there oh yeah? and that ' s the college colours mhm um but if it doesn ' t have that that means you ' re a member of staff not a student but it ' s quite subtle so if you you know if you go into the and flash it and the they don ' t they ' re not gonna notice whether it ' s got the college colours mm
7. check the name against cos it ' s it ' s literally so it ' s like and is there and er is there a? there ' s nothing that correlates from the erm student list at the minute but then it could be a nickname i don ' t know yeah well you er perhaps you could get erm to go in there with a piece of paper and say i ' ve
8. activities right whereas the ma i dunno maybe sort of more about getting them to communicate still it ' s not well yeah yeah pretty much and there ' s and there ' s such a focus on student student interaction mm you know again that that students have to be doing stuff right yeah yeah with other students yeah you know the that would be classed as extrovert yeah yeah yeah cos introvert would
9. right whereas the ma i dunno maybe sort of more about getting them to communicate still it ' s not well yeah yeah pretty much and there ' s and there ' s such a focus on student student interaction mm you know again that that students have to be doing stuff right yeah yeah with other students yeah you know the that would be classed as extrovert yeah yeah yeah cos introvert would be
10. t they and let ' s concept check galileo oh god beelze beelzebub and all that palaver yeah but yeah he got the box ticked probably for extrovert oh absolutely probably student fun student interaction they were having a great time they were on task and at the end of it they were able to sing bohemian rhapsody no they weren ' t perhaps not no it ' s funny you said
11. and let ' s concept check galileo oh god beelze beelzebub and all that palaver yeah but yeah he got the box ticked probably for extrovert oh absolutely probably student fun student interaction they were having a great time they were on task and at the end of it they were able to sing bohemian rhapsody no they weren ' t perhaps not no it ' s funny you said er to
13. and he wants them all to live with him but he oh not they as in him and his crazy girlfriend? no he lives here on somewhere over there in w it ' s like a sort of student house it ' s not nice it ' s him and this other bloke who ' s never there basically he can ' t keep his have his kids round cos he hasn ' t got any
14. it so much my uncle is gay he ' s been gay his whole life i ' m sorry he actually only came out when he was twenty and only at the time cos he were like a student and blah blah blah so they living my mum and my dad who were his brother and he came out and we all knew he were gay but he came out anyway and erm he never changed personality he
17. they ' ve sponsored nus haven ' t they? yeah but like erm at uni like cos the co - op ' s like cos obviously cos it ' s like a student city yeah but they do loads of like meal deals and stuff for us mm mm erm yes i didn ' t like it cos like everyone was constantly like a four and there was like two six
18. thing mm rather than yeah which is a bit of a shame really because it is but it should be attractive things keeping you here not the fear of leaving but yeah yeah i know because i guess with student keeping yeah but then again like my flat is keeping me here cos i don ' t wanna leave this place cos i like it yeah you know? but i like this flat i mean how do
19. like a vibrant youth culture and i was like m no mm she was like there ' s loads of students in i was like well all the cambridge students keep themselves to themselves they go to their own student unions don ' t they? yeah and they ' re super cheap and the aru students have got like a massive chip on their shoulders because they ' re not at the cambridge colleges they ' re not
20. other and then this is true oh it feels cold in here really really cold it feels like a sauna in this house oww no it ' s cold need a blanket ah it ' s a student night in vodka revs on a friday oh what the fuck? yeah it ' s lips ohh yeah it ' s they ' ve changed it them being twelve years old yeah has it always? has
21. hate it they think tax is theft so but that ' s what you hear from the you know sort of you know sort of centre right or libertarian type of people yeah but you know i was a student for a long time and i ' ve got grandparents who get pensions and stuff so i suppose we ' ve just got to live with it everyone all the the sort of the the main strategy of government is
22. assistant it was just working for the liaison offices right em and it was a lot of sort of admin things and you know ordering things and right checking on em what books students wanted and dealing with student queries and things right so very very sort of general things right em and then i got moved into acquisitions right em about two years later because you know when project happened? oh no i don ' t
24. cos all the formulas and everything that we em order books are are based on the reading lists right em and the lecturers whereas in the past it used to be where the lecturer would give the student numbers now we have to work out the formula yeah right i say we but acquisitions have to work out the formula what does that mean then? it ' s the formula that ' s given according to the
25. know the one so like full volume yeah i know that one all the time i use that when my dad is calling me it ' s like the most horrid thing ever yes thank you proper student meal it ' s that oh that one which i think is loud enough on full volume is that the horn? i g is that the horn? hang on go go go full volume put put it on
26. get free music for six months? i don ' t know i don ' t really know how it works like i have some free songs on here but not many where did you get that from like student stuff or? no it ' s not student it ' s just apple music like when they launched they did a three month trial for six months for everyone oh god okay that ' s quite oh no it
27. ' t know i don ' t really know how it works like i have some free songs on here but not many where did you get that from like student stuff or? no it ' s not student it ' s just apple music like when they launched they did a three month trial for six months for everyone oh god okay that ' s quite oh no it ' s not six months it ' s three
29. prices and i went first and went t to the girl at the till and said oh can i have i was looking at the ticket prices i was trying to work it out there wasn ' t a student concession rate so i said yeah can i have um an adult to see the fish? not thinking that i was actually asking for like a chaperone around the aquarium i thought i was just asking for
30. night for students so yes i saw lots of people wearing gowns and suits and things and i thought isn ' t that a bit strange on a sunday? because obviously well i know it ' s student life but still yeah it was a it was a a formal night mm i thought there was a formal going on wasn ' t there or something? yeah si is always always has a formal on sundays they
33. to just keep opening bank accounts? yeah i think you can have as many as you want mm don ' t think it matters i think i ' ve got one with natwest somewhere from my old student account you do yeah apparently they shut them down after a while if you don ' t if there ' s if they ' re inactive no activity yeah i should perhaps contact them at some point put in some
34. ' d be very interested to know again that needs to be changed as well that should be university run because the university last year um s sourced it out to another company mm who was running all the student accommodation for profit because it ' s a business mm and all of a sudden the refuse collection is cut to once every two weeks and i mean once every two weeks? you can imagine mm with like twenty
35. s where it gets expensive i don ' t possibly i think it might have been like the amazon marketplace which is slightly different yeah it ' s i just go for prime cos i get prime amazon student yeah isn ' t that only for six months though? erm free for six months and then it ' s thirty - nine pounds which is half price yeah i ' ll pay that if i forget to
38. click on your profile in word or something it comes up with your that mm i just clicked that i was like oh okay cos i was waiting for it so i could get stuff from apple for student prices mm which is like twelve percent off what? i know that ' s what i thought wow do you think would be free on the second? erm dunno she should do what day ' s
39. ' s already included i think that ' s nice yeah yeah some houses include broadband as well yeah ours is ninety - five per week i think what? yeah i pay a hundred and twelve in my student accommodation a week no no that ' s not that ' s not the house is ninety - five per week alright how much do you pay? sstudent accommodation i can ' t remember i ' m
40. any of that just get money in money goes out that ' s it bills mm? bills mm but was it? do you know sorry what? do you know when we can apply for second year student finance? i have no idea i need to probably in june or something like that no it ' ll be earlier than that i think because will it? yeah it takes them a while to process it tell
43. we can dream no i really wanted to go to ibiza again this year cos last year was amazing but it ' s so expensive so you can ' t do that when you ' re a student do they have metal clubs in ibiza? yeah do they really? did you go there with your family or friends and friends yeah i went with a couple of my mates yeah it was just absolutely un
45. big mistake democratic centralism that brings me back parents but this was the father and i ' m sure the card - carrying tories of a student that i had and he was telling me that he student politics and he said he was working extremely well with the president of the union was marxist but it was democratic centralism so it was mm mm mm and erm somebody else who used to be very very
46. things from the shops so if you want to yeah do a bit of shopping with me or if you want dropping off somewhere or whatever then yeah yeah i ' ve got time i ' ve got a student at six but nothing before so okay well we ' ll see whichever supermarket is you think you would most like to go to oh my god look in the mirror behind you oh it ' s beautiful oh we
48. much interest for you you ' re gonna get d that ' s not even double a or a you ' re a d that means for every pound you borrow you ' re gonna pay back like your student y ththat you ' ll have no choice because er you need the money so you you ' ll cobble yourselves to these which means you ' re gonna have to p erm you ' re
49. s good i ' m i ' m dad am i? yeah the daddy look at my shoes yeah how much did it cost for your train fare to get up here when you do you get a student like card or something or? it ' s forty pound return oh right it ' s not cheap is it? no it ' s not okay erm but there ' s i can get home cheaper so
50. ? oh yeah mm oh i went to the dentist i signed up in the thing i didn ' t need any fillings this time oh good well except oh oh such a relief have you got a student dentist? er no just a nhs it ' s nice actually i tell you what change dentists if you ' ve got that guy that i had before that i kept going to in i didn ' t
52. ##verybody makes a mistake now and again come on it think of the credibility it ' ll give me you know on the street and in the pub right listen i have to go okay i have a student to see thank you very much cheers for the coffee alright my pleasure as ever i liked seeing you yep see you later i ' ll catch up with you soon yeah cheers cheers mate bye bye
53. erm you would erm develop good relationships with the head of department and with usually there would be a particular member of academic staff who would be responsible for things like erm erm supporting the student managing more sort of personal tutoring that goes on through which you would be able to get your services sort of advertised erm in some departments this is where the greatest variation is erm in some universities
55. of responsibility and it was competitive and it it mm mm so she wanted to get back out to work she wanted to well she just got a taste of what life really was about you know you have student jobs where you ' re doing this they ' re not real no no but it really got her it sort of wound her up ratcheted her up into this sort of world that ' s mm and
57. ewb like er and er i don ' t think he wants to do ewb isn ' t it a bit creepy? shouldn ' t he leave it to his undergraduates? the student well he ' s he ' s he ' s got a a he ' s he ' s the professional network coordinator um yeah shall i um do you want number one? er yes please what ' s
58. uni out of my overdraft oh right yeah it ' s bad isn ' t it? yeah so i had the overdraft and i had uh yeah and of course you have a student loan which everyone had and also the uh there ' s the fees which were introduced with like i mean i think i ' ve got like so there is i mean and of course they ' re increasing that
59. isn ' t it that they they dramatically increased i ' ll have to work out how much fees yeah i read that i had the little german uh article from der spiegel yeah um talking about student fees and um yeah like uh um and um yeah so like uh sorry student thing i did they did mention like that it was in you know in german from a german perspective but they didn ' t mention
60. out how much fees yeah i read that i had the little german uh article from der spiegel yeah um talking about student fees and um yeah like uh um and um yeah so like uh sorry student thing i did they did mention like that it was in you know in german from a german perspective but they didn ' t mention how britain had got massively higher but it w it ' s worse in
61. think which is seems to be a bit bit annoying but yeah uh y but british unis were making a lot of money from foreign fees because well it costs apparently it costs you more as a foreign student in certain places now like fifty percent of postgrads in the uk are foreign fifty percent i mean that ' s a lot well i think that ' s good i think it ' s it ' s
62. that you are in like yeah that ' s true stereotypes you know sort of standard standard types of people you know like a normal uh f um banker or a normal banker or a normal yeah uh uh student yeah scientist or something normal uh then you could have a normal criminal i suppose couldn ' t you? like a people ooh i found this website today is it like i think there ' s nothing much
63. want to fill up the the flight really? yeah remember when will and emma were living in melbourne and were saying you can get like you know just come out on standby because obviously i was a student then and they just oh just wait yeah you know to come out and go on a day when you know if you think like mid - week and it ' s not going to be very busy and they
68. of a holiday oh mm and it took him a long while then to get me abroad again mm oh but erm at the moment mind you i have at last i came home and i thought right student finance i ' m gonna get there it is there it is there it was you oh it was me yeah because no yeah yes and i got yeah you had your hat and yeah i had a hat had
69. i got home and what have you i didn ' t do it er wednesday night but and tuesday i was just out a bit so i didn ' t get it done so wednesday oh dear i rang student finance and said i want to be put through to the complaints department of which i got how can i help you? i says well i ' m ringing with regards to the complaint that i ' ve already
70. on from the beginning of april oh i says and i ' ve had to phone up numerous times i says it ' s been a complete nightmare and a pain in the butt i said you know for student finance which is supposed to work quickly well you done it online i said no we didn ' t do it online this is half the problem i says cos the first year we done it online and it
80. need to open the windows when you ' re cooking mm then and my not when it ' s damp outside yeah cos you ' re just drawing the damp in like she was awful i think most student landlords and ladies are awful mm ' s were pretty awful do i put birthplace i was born in weren ' t i? yeah oh my brother was born at i was born at too oh look at
81. have to pa i have to get i ' m getting a bursary oh you ' re doing oh that ' s right yeah yeah yeah but i ' m i ' m still gonna get some student loan mm mm because like said what ' s four more thousand on top of twenty - three grand? absolutely yeah i mean and they don ' t all take it all at once do they? so i
83. ' s got all of his erm that ' s a nice picture of the house yes where are my documents? oh and i ' m still sleeping in there? yeah oh there ' s that student loans that ' s your card but erm yeah did more than this come this is just an empty yeah yeah that that erm is is all in there the student loan stuff is in there is it
84. yeah oh there ' s that student loans that ' s your card but erm yeah did more than this come this is just an empty yeah yeah that that erm is is all in there the student loan stuff is in there is it? yeah there ' s a bit more student loan probably here so sorry there ' s a bit more okay and there ' s a bit of student loan there erm
85. yeah did more than this come this is just an empty yeah yeah that that erm is is all in there the student loan stuff is in there is it? yeah there ' s a bit more student loan probably here so sorry there ' s a bit more okay and there ' s a bit of student loan there erm anything else? erm i think that ' s about it erm what you
86. in there the student loan stuff is in there is it? yeah there ' s a bit more student loan probably here so sorry there ' s a bit more okay and there ' s a bit of student loan there erm anything else? erm i think that ' s about it erm what you er wanted i i think i put it straight here cool and it wasn ' t erm ah i
92. got to keep checking yeah and the federa i ' m sure what i was told is the federation says if they if the press are coming in you ' ve got to let every mem every student ' s parents know know they ' re coming in yeah mm so that they can say nay or yay to them being filmed being filmed or whatever yeah now we we have on record everybody ' s consent
96. i mean? i don ' t know i don ' t think it is so i guess that ' s part of the problem with assessing like if people really need them like if you ' re a student what ' s to stop yeah? what ' s to stop you just going there and getting free food? or a or a banker or a banker exactly and these like erm pay what you feel cafes
97. some beers in the afternoon and wine like a glass of wine with dinner and then when we got there we had gin and tonic and i was like oh brilliant i bet it ' s uni er student prices yes no seven pound fifty for two drinks shut up and one was a shandy is that cos it was like open to grown - ups or something? yeah basically so that was a bit of
98. get which i know the tier four one where they have to really prove the but there ' s they because of this problem they introduced this temporary type visa which was mm something like a long - term student visa mm and have they still got that then? it seems to be yeah but that was only supposed to be temporary cos they mm realised that they ' ve messed up with the tier four problem i
105. ? that ' s what you ' re kid you can ' t do that and work can you? people do they just like sneakily like take a shot of i mean working a bar for a student union isn ' t exactly serious is it? no it ' s true yeah i wanna learn if you how to make this okay i wanna make a copy write it down yeah google it youtube it yeah yeah
108. more the scan we we ' ll scan it ' s the it ' s a software problem not a hardware problem yeah yeah yeah cool erm i just need to print off one thing or with the student loans now dad i ' ve given them my brighton address so hopefully they ' ll stop hassling you after that so yeah well it ' s never really been a hassle yeah i ' ve wondered if
109. come home with enough money to pay for my rent twice out you ' d think you ' d think they ' d just be like yeah you think money talks you think money talks you ' re a student yeah go for it but no they just went no so we managed to get around i didn ' t want dad to have to go through the hassle of a guarantor so we ended up paying
111. have you charged me at forty percent rather than twenty percent? um and they said yeah we ' ve charged you at twenty percent and it ' ll be your national insurance which is twelve percent and your student loan which is nine percent no so it comes out at forty percent so it ' s a fucking joke forty percent? er you ju you might as well just die oh my god i mean what the hell
112. what? something ' s happened right basically i ' ve got two accounts yeah which are both at their overdraft limit as usual yeah since i ' ve taken this job one of them tax free student sixteen hundred quid bosh mm it ' s two hundred i paid two hundred and fifty off it so they don ' t really give a crap until this next september or something mm fine good for me
113. then you ' ve gotta get out as soon as as er humanly possible you ' ve gotta clear your overdraft because that ' s what they do they lower your er graduate account or your student account the interest free amount and then flip it and then flip it yeah over to interest er which is what i was expecting to be doing them to do at five hundred pound intervals yes yeah and then one
120. ? yeah i was deeds i didn ' t make it i knew it i didn ' t make it oh my goodness yeah anywhos yes i got in i paid yeah i lost my id my student id but i found it again i paid cloakroom yeah we went to the toilet and we died oh my goodness we were vomiting in the toilets i was flo i was on the floor in the bathroom
124. ? genre analysis? no i don ' t wanna put like is that gonna help them? that ' s the no because they ' ll kind of thing you put on your uni page not your student page they ' re not gonna know what genre analysis is okay that ' ll do i ' ll just put that yeah yeah i ' ve got a picture er on your additional names interests optional no don '
125. to close after thirty years in business because of developers and their greed were they given an offer they couldn ' t refuse because obviously the developers say well we would? a horrid well fifty floor student home no? yeah yeah it ' s all very sad i ' m not a big fan of change yeah find change i ' m very suspicious of change that ' s why i i like watching all old
131. in for nothing yeah and i i want it to be like that but i ' m gonna go to the library way more yeah me too to do my work and stuff have to try and find my student card how much did you get deducted from your rent then? for your deposit? er twenty something quid is that it? yeah i got a hundred and seventy something back i think a hundred and
132. year so no once i get my next bit of rent sorted i ' m gonna sort my finances out once you leave with my dad and stuff yeah so that i can get it set up until my student loan comes in with cos i ' m gonna pay the rent every month yeah i think that ' ll be much easier for me to do erm and then once i know how much money i '
133. like for september that ' s gonna go towards my rent so i have enough to pay september erm and then what ' s left i ' ll use that extra one hundred as living off until my student loan comes through yeah well your student loan comes back comes in the day after you land in england so you won ' t be waiting long for it exactly erm cos then with the student loan i
134. go towards my rent so i have enough to pay september erm and then what ' s left i ' ll use that extra one hundred as living off until my student loan comes through yeah well your student loan comes back comes in the day after you land in england so you won ' t be waiting long for it exactly erm cos then with the student loan i ' ll be able to get through
135. my student loan comes through yeah well your student loan comes back comes in the day after you land in england so you won ' t be waiting long for it exactly erm cos then with the student loan i ' ll be able to get through october and november and probably december and still have enough to live with yeah and then i think i ' m just gonna work it out with my dad that i
136. gonna work it out with my dad that i ' ve got some money in my french account that he says he ' ll push over to me and then once the money starts coming through from the french student finance what i ' m gonna do is i ' m gonna get him to transfer me just a bit over from the french account that i need for rent yeah and then use my student loan to b like
137. from the french student finance what i ' m gonna do is i ' m gonna get him to transfer me just a bit over from the french account that i need for rent yeah and then use my student loan to b like to live off mm so my french money ' s gonna pay for rent hopefully just remember that it three hundred and ninety - one pound and three pence or something ridiculous like that comes
138. - second of every month i ' m gonna get my dad to so you need to remember always transfer four hundred yeah cos then that ' s exactly for rent yeah and then i can use my student loan myself yeah but i ' m gonna give the student finance a ring erm probably not today but tomorrow it ' s an 0845 number it ' s gonna cost you fortune from here no no the
139. dad to so you need to remember always transfer four hundred yeah cos then that ' s exactly for rent yeah and then i can use my student loan myself yeah but i ' m gonna give the student finance a ring erm probably not today but tomorrow it ' s an 0845 number it ' s gonna cost you fortune from here no no the eng er french one oh the french one okay yeah just
140. t wanna do that yeah but if worse comes to worse i ' ll just get myself a part time job yeah and i ' ll live off that you ' re getting the full whack from student finance this year aren ' t you? yep it ' s just under eight grand half of that ' ll pay your rent i ' m only getting twenty quid more than i did last year though yeah
141. the private side of things yeah then all of a sudden he left mm yeah we ' ve have quite a few there haven ' t we? quite a few dentists yeah mm yeah i like the student ones w i i had two student nur student do mine when i went there did you? two girls student nurses d student dentists oh and they made a wonderful job of these bottom ones cos the
146. ' d be no alternative i couldn ' t like you know get all upset and anxious about it i would have to do it but it ' s just really scary god it sucks doesn ' t it student finance? yes it really does why can ' t you just leave uni if you it ' s not for you and just? why can ' t you pay it back in twenty years yeah when everyone
148. one security guard there that ' s twenty - one and he just doesn ' t give a damn that ' s a bit young isn ' t it? mm mm he he well he ' s a student at aiu and he he ' s just there for the money he just really doesn ' t care mm so he just you know he seems like a good lad mm you know out of work but as
150. ' s a gig here or you know mm there ' s a night out or there ' s a movie or and when he goes up there the only thing they seem to do is go to the student union where she works mm cos she can get tickets sounds quite a boring existence really doesn ' t it but maybe that ' s what they both want want mm but i th i don ' t think
151. what ' s the best pub that you ' ve ever been to? well i was i think i ' ve said this before actually uh oh the berlin one? it ' s the it was the student one in um hall of residence in berlin uh yeah because of the i mean you could run the bar yourself um that ' s pretty good but you could you could you write your name down and w you
152. be useful here is that can i just be clear about what message are people trying to right so in this book in this article yeah it talks about and you need to read it but it talks about student engagement and disengagement so i deliver a message at the beginning of my website which explains the mission of the website the mission of the website is to get students to deliver messages or ideas on how
153. get others involved who aren ' t students who help teach the students about the the bigger picture? well also success breeds success so if you see that erm perth a western australia university is doing a student erm film festival and then the other students see that over on the other side er east side of of the coast and go well why don ' t we do that? mm we should go and ask
154. t we do that? mm we should go and ask the people who were meant to be engaging us to allow us to do shit like this and give us money so that we can run our own student film festival mm uh - mm mm right and so if you look at where you start from yeah there you ' ve gotta create some kind of database of information to start with and that you need to find
157. cos i ' m i haven ' t had a chance i haven ' t said anything well you were about to sage is gonna have two things going for him okay? to appeal to the male student audience he ' s gonna love test - driving cars and the other one for the female audience who are gonna have a really kind of like you know over sort of imagination about who this fella is yeah
158. to say to somebody you want to steer them to a certain place that they want to see that others have already been there that ' s how no i ' ve got really good that kind of thing student contacts mm trust me mm we ' ve got people who i know would turn up tomorrow and do an interview with me and they ' ll be fascinating yeah yeah i ' m not i ' m not worried
161. yeah you you went in it was like there was one seat in the middle of the coach like a three - seater the middle one you had to get like pulled out of like it was that bad student houses but like people used to use the same blanket every night did wash his blanket or? no it was just a he he would but he he ' d do it every two weeks and he ' d
163. but because they get paid a lot their bills are higher because they live to their means mm yeah if they don ' t get paid a lot and live to their means so i know so for the student finance to turn round and say that your parents should have to should pay for you going through university yeah it is yeah it is it ' s how many kids they have as well at yeah uni and
164. better off for five five grand and then the grand lump sum that they gave me mm yeah like i ' m not supposed to be paying tuition fees this year but i think i ' m still like student finance i think they ' re still paying it but not sure really why aren ' t you paying tuition fees? because i was ill last year mm so i didn ' t i didn ' t have to
165. and just shove my jeans on i ' ll be out if you ' re not in a rush cos i can ' t really go like this really well you can it ' s not well wow student ville used to do that in the halls like in me pjs yeah we used to walk to the sh er the shop were only downstairs but we used to d always go to the shop in our p
166. just i think reality is such it ' s such a hard fall when you finish uni like you think yeah what it ' s like when you ' re at uni and you go to the student union and you know everybody and mm every night you ' re doing something and yeah you come down to reality with a quite a hard bang yeah true true true yeah so she ' s finding it quite tough
167. hospital i have to say the way he told me was absolutely appalling oh really? there was this this consultant i ' d never seen before who got wheeled into the room and there was a student who was obviously there to hear how to tell a patient they ' ve got cancer there was a registrar who obviously was just they were just the gynae the gynae guy so mostly they were
168. right yeah but she ' s always messed around doing this that and the other but hopefully she will be so the next one do for this week not dif not a problem when they ' re a student but she ' s not she ' s done her two degrees and that ' s that ' s it so erm yeah oh well suppose they ' ll all get there in the end one hopes so mm
169. cos they cannot be taken off at all there ' s no way they can come off except with a tool so the two things that we did that we got quite excited about neither of them is student proof so we ' d go back to the idea of just putting the ties on with nothing wiwith them holding nothing on the racket whatsoever so you just have ththe raw cable ties so five or
171. by er well they ' re not in the station obviously they the the station ones are all for students no i know but the yeah if you go to the left yeah you ' ve got where is student families with children yeah and that sort of thing yeah but where is yeah yeah oh no no w no where actually those big blocks around the station are oh right crawling with children yeah er and just as well
172. other place easter island cos i love eas i love easter island heads they ' re my favourite statues ever since i saw and utterly brilliant cartoon little little carton in one of the i the student rad rad mag at glasgow yeah and it was a there ' s this easter island paper just in profile and then an indian comes up bends down puts a bunch of flowers in front of the easter
174. it was very er erm bad this er bad this person erm was so bad died oh she ' s just got a very like er you just wanna fall asleep torture she got elected as our student rep i don ' t know who voted for her vote for more she does this thing our course she does this thing with her hair where she ' ll put and they ' re like mature student she '
176. wouldn ' t question that i had to pay fees for the month that i wasn ' t there but mm that i deferred in would you? cos er if you i was still a student until about the eighteenth of january even though i was only there for two days because um the holidays went up to the mm i can ' t remember when mm but if it if that situation was in isolation
185. me a little nervous but if you ' re not gonna get nervous having gone on from there naturally but you know it ' s it ' s when i had acupuncture it was at a student training school yeah yeah attached to the or someone or other yeah mm but they were all supervised by someone well no yeah yes yes yeah they they ' re not allowed yeah well as as is yes yeah yeah
186. we had what was called a a family family one membership but because of my age mm erm advanced oh years yeah don ' t mention it erm i you grew out of it have a a student membership and er i mum and dad have a erm a a sort of two persons membership erm mm so that means joining i have a separate membership mm mm so that means you get a car pass
189. and i go to france a lot and i ' ve just come back from amsterdam right er were you teaching out there? no i w no i i went over for there ' s this huge big student competition now oh right for painters under twenty - five art students right and it takes place at the right which is a big student hostel right erm the right and we ' ve been taking students there for
190. i w no i i went over for there ' s this huge big student competition now oh right for painters under twenty - five art students right and it takes place at the right which is a big student hostel right erm the right and we ' ve been taking students there for years i ' ve i took i ' ve taken them there from various art schools right yeah and it ' s a wonderful competition
198. up it ' s like mate they split up when i was nineteen like eighteen and i was like you ' re still asking for proof it ' s like clearly like the first year that you applied for student finance they would have got that information well the second year the second year well no cos erm no cos the first time that i applied for student finance i used my mum and dad ' s
199. like the first year that you applied for student finance they would have got that information well the second year the second year well no cos erm no cos the first time that i applied for student finance i used my mum and dad ' s financial information mm and then the second year and then after that and then after that i cottoned on that if i said i was estranged from my dad i
200. more than one ending and hadn ' t decided yet which one to use yeah maybe that ' s how they got alternate endings yeah that ' s the nicest tv i ' ve ever seen in a student house i know came with the house we need to get a tv licence we haven ' t got a tv licence? yeah we haven ' t got a tv licence oh it ' s not it ' s
201. iphone six? yeah wow let me see is it six or six plus? six i didn ' t want the six plus that ' s the size of like the really fucking annoying thing is if my student finance had just come through on time i would have had it before you for the first time ever i would have had a better phone first stupid stupid oh wait that looks cool not a fan of iphones
202. saw the lion king in bristol steve brookstein sorry? i ' ve seen the lion king in london but oh god it was amazing it was so good er up in sunderland at the minute when my student finances come through i tell you well the amount of money you ' ve got to pay for a ticket probably worth just going to london and seeing like in london so it was steve grimstein the shane ward
203. i ' ll bother with yeah i know thirteen quid down here i dunno i ' ll think about it like it ' s just like i ' ve literally got fifty pound to my name until student finance comes in so thirteen pounds is not massive amount yeah i know cos i owe you money for the ticket now though don ' t i? yeah up there and erm i just wouldn ' t
204. goes off what is it? the radiators the pressure it ' s like the second time today go on go okay erm you can use this item and object to get discounts in shops student card no it ' s more like erm you can use it electronically as well there ' s websites especially you can go on there and you can get special logins things for discounts yep er that
205. it ' s you oh right you want to go to a i ' ve been i ' ve been three times you you want to go to the medicare in the it ' s much better than the student one and i she ' s had a right faff on you know with the nhs when they ' re it ' s not really bad so they are you staying in? yeah don ' t do anything
208. left are free ones if you scootch up to here then you can see the tv erm because you might get a have you seen 3d mobile phones? sounds like a like what? a student showed me a 3d mobile phone it was really cool cos you don ' t need glasses and everything you just look at it and it ' s 3d have you? if you have the on the floor
209. the ground it was so hot in there mm oh dear but it gets so hot in there even before she ' d come on it was boiling yeah i remember but it was good i was hoping for student prices but no no? oh really? they put all the prices up? when they open up to the public yeah you should have been drinking a and it ' s only one pound fifty mm well i
210. who ' s running the company now? i ' ve no idea i ' ve just got a text from er beach break nice how do they even have my number? who is beach break? the student festival and i went to a few years ago i think it ' s just a um how on earth did they get your number because we must have had to fill in i think it ' s just a
211. and slag off all your lecturers and that mm swim swim i heart i don ' t what? i don ' t even know is why does she heart? your sister gets a mac pro student discount card mm right that ' s because she ' s a genius cheat cheater cheater compulsive eater i ' m in my mum ' s blouse this programme makes my eyes feel weird looking
214. so did everyone else that ' s a good thing i ' ll sort this out erm and then i ' ll then i ' ll go to then i will go to the bar then i will student bar? nah erm why what ' s wrong with the student bar? i don ' t know but like i always meet adults they ' re like oh do you go to the union bar? i
215. sort this out erm and then i ' ll then i ' ll go to then i will go to the bar then i will student bar? nah erm why what ' s wrong with the student bar? i don ' t know but like i always meet adults they ' re like oh do you go to the union bar? i ' m like is that somewhere in that i don ' t know
216. union bar? and they ' re all like like the uni bar like like what? never been i ' ve never been to any of the ones oh that ' s a bit obscure? the student union bar they have a union bar like you know you have a student union? we er we have college bars in so every university has a union bar yeah and it ' s like the the place that
217. like like what? never been i ' ve never been to any of the ones oh that ' s a bit obscure? the student union bar they have a union bar like you know you have a student union? we er we have college bars in so every university has a union bar yeah and it ' s like the the place that everyone goes to but yeah like no one goes no one goes in either
218. boring problems but then there ' s free you ' ll be telling your culture now there ' s free pool and free table football in the bar and the pints are only one eighty sounds like a student bar to me one eighty? yeah it ' s the s hall ' s bar it ' s the hall it ' s like our halls er every what so you go there every night after your dinner?
220. yeah do shocking things like that yeah but i have to say compared with my life as a student your life sounds tame? i ' m disgusted like it i think it sounds really interesting i was in student room seventy - five nineteen seventy - five to eighty the punk explosion man why were you in university for five years? cos i got the course i did scotland five years is quite a long time isn
221. again mm but er she was telling me that there were there were some external reasons so nothing to do with me or the house oh last time so hopefully that ' s not happening again is she a student or? no she works in the she ' s the front of house deputy manager oh and the fire officer in the? yeah the little theatre? oh where i am the irony will be that hm?
226. did they all just walk out? they all just like yeah they stood up turned their backs for like a minute they they all then they were like fucking hate katie hopkins yeah it ' s such a student thing to do but i like it ' s a dick thing to do but i like that they did it though i don ' t i was like so happy with the the whole yeah after after martin luther
228. year? no it ' s nine thousand a year nine thousand a year is it? that ' s a lot of money innit? who ' s got that? no but you just have a student loan yeah and then you have to pay it back er talking student loans erm is now got to pay a lot more because she ' s living abroad and they want to know every ins and outs of
229. year is it? that ' s a lot of money innit? who ' s got that? no but you just have a student loan yeah and then you have to pay it back er talking student loans erm is now got to pay a lot more because she ' s living abroad and they want to know every ins and outs of what what she ' s earning abroad you know but she is a
230. with the repayments now they want even more higher tax yeah just because she ' s living in china earning more money i expect than they do over here but you don ' t have to pay a student loan off if you earn under twenty thousand is it? i don ' t know don ' t know under twenty thousand a year something like that you don ' t have to pay it off soon as they
231. ##s brothers oh barclays mm you can imagine them just conspiring and rubbing their hands together and yeah going ha ha how can we fuck them over? you know yeah sitting with the l the student loans man next door in his mansion they probably all go round to each other ' s for tea yeah yeah i mean they ' ve got the island completely cut off the security really? is amazing really they
232. had to go into clarks and buy a pair of school shoes like proper leather school shoes that cost me forty - five pounds which is erm so i had to er pay with my santander student account with my overdraft nearly crying as i typed typed it in oh i went into my overdraft a little while ago and that was but you have a job yeah i know but i spent
233. money on christmas presents i did as well really? yeah it was only like ten pounds but still has gone into to overdraft as well i haven ' t i ' ve been responsible with my student loan oh i ' ve spent mine it ' s not like i ' ve spent that much money i think it ' s just the way they came out my bank i got paid today first day but i
236. from the su we have we have loads of different clubs but erm there ' s we have a students ' club erm called erm do you have any tissues? mm what ' s your student union called? just student union oh ours is called the it it ' s called i think it ' s abbreviated i think people just refer to it as university students ' union cos we ' re creative
237. we have loads of different clubs but erm there ' s we have a students ' club erm called erm do you have any tissues? mm what ' s your student union called? just student union oh ours is called the it it ' s called i think it ' s abbreviated i think people just refer to it as university students ' union cos we ' re creative erm university is er
241. was spending the french government ' s money when i was living in italy just taking it out the cash machine oh right spending it cos they er give you when you er like register for being a student you give them your proof of your accommodation and because they don ' t have student loans they give you a percentage towards your rent oh nice so they ' d given me a hundred euros a month to go
242. it out the cash machine oh right spending it cos they er give you when you er like register for being a student you give them your proof of your accommodation and because they don ' t have student loans they give you a percentage towards your rent oh nice so they ' d given me a hundred euros a month to go towards my five hundred euro rent mm living here it doesn ' t seem so bad
244. re technically a student of hull university yeah but for that semester i ' m not oh er so you they were accountable for you mm for that year? oh that ' s interesting like i have my student card from there still oh okay so like you enroll there and the english university gives them money for my mm university fees so instead of it going to them yeah it goes to france oh okay and theirs come
257. but n i don ' t know actually you know em i was looking and there there were two two flats listed in in anglia ruskin i think but i think anglia ruskin so what in the student bits? well basically basically student student flats mm em being listed for sale you know to the alright okay for a landlord to let yeah and you save you know i don ' t know it was like a
258. know actually you know em i was looking and there there were two two flats listed in in anglia ruskin i think but i think anglia ruskin so what in the student bits? well basically basically student student flats mm em being listed for sale you know to the alright okay for a landlord to let yeah and you save you know i don ' t know it was like a hundred thousand and a bit per
259. actually you know em i was looking and there there were two two flats listed in in anglia ruskin i think but i think anglia ruskin so what in the student bits? well basically basically student student flats mm em being listed for sale you know to the alright okay for a landlord to let yeah and you save you know i don ' t know it was like a hundred thousand and a bit per house
261. stalk didn ' t it? on a stalk yeah yeah cor dear oh dear memories mm the other day there was a knock on our door and there was this young kid there well sort of like student age he was trying to drum up business for the local you know dairy crest milkman oh i see yeah and er he said that it was the same price as supermarket milk and it was from from a
262. there ' s a bar and there ' s barn dancing there ' s all sorts you see so you don ' t have to drive they ' re all staying oh i see mind it ' s all student accommodation but it is the sixth - form student accommodation they ' re living in oh right some have got en suites some some haven ' t yeah so you have to walk up the corridor and no i i
263. barn dancing there ' s all sorts you see so you don ' t have to drive they ' re all staying oh i see mind it ' s all student accommodation but it is the sixth - form student accommodation they ' re living in oh right some have got en suites some some haven ' t yeah so you have to walk up the corridor and no i i can ' t do that so not for '
264. i think it ' s manageable is it? it it ' s manageable but it ' s not a ridiculous amount but when you think you ' ve got rent i know you ' ve got student loan and food and i ' m paying ' s mum a hundred and twenty - five a month for the car? yup for how much longer? i don ' t really know i loaned three grand
270. that ' s it no yeah we it was either new york or chicago we flew to no we flew to chicago so that was a long journey was that a family trip? no no that was a student you know working ow we we everybody at that time went away from the three or four months during the summer and they worked abroad oh right right and america was the place that everybody went to earned enough money
271. mm so it ' s it ' s it ' s massive it is isn ' t it and then you ' ve got things like for that you ' ve got two business exams and they publish a student ' s book for each in this project mm so you ' ve got one for business english it ' s called and then one for business i can ' t remember what the other one is anyway mm we
275. visa and everything you know oh you ' re on a visa a vivi you know i have to er extend my visa apply for a visa to stay oh cos you ' ve been on a student visa mm when does that expire? at the end of february oh yeah so do you have to get a job before then? or you just have to know that you are gonna or can you extend
279. email out after the lecture saying the lecture hall was empty there was about ten people there and i ' m just like well don ' t fucking hold it on a wednesday morning then the day after like student night i know like that ' s daft but the fact of the matter is like students are there to learn yeah but they ' re still going to go out and get pissed every night yeah like or
280. that ' s daft but the fact of the matter is like students are there to learn yeah but they ' re still going to go out and get pissed every night yeah like or pissed on certain student nights especially first years so why would you hold it at ten o ' clock on a wednesday morning like why would you do that? it ' s just ridiculous but everevery single day throughout the whole
281. so you ' d have twenty - five grand coming in that ' s fifty grand between you yes but twenty percent is tax ten percent is national insurance i whack on another ten percent in my student loans then you ' ve got council tax then you ' ve got you know all sorts of taxes on top you end up paying fifty percent in tax before you ' ve ever done anything vat twenty percent
290. ? because that ' s my interest if you don ' t mind just sort of you know and i think if more people ask questions in lectures we ' d all go but that ' s a mature student thing most first year students will sit there it is but but they just wanna listen they wanna be entertained but that ' s why they ' re there cos they paid for it they haven ' t really
293. it though? so like you need to oh shall i tell you what i ' m doing? yeah put this lego away so i n i need to go to this ou need to go to the student lounge well you don ' t now you need to go to the tourney field oh okay so i need to find out where the outside is i i just collect the characters and stuff so i go to
294. dunno but he bought us this amazing m and s hamper oh and it was like full of like all these goodies there was this amazing smoked salmon you know like when you ' re a student and you have no money yeah i was like wow and there was like bottles of champagne and pickles and it that ' s so good yeah yeah it was the most incredible hamper and we were like
295. three grand anyway is debt innit so i know i know otherwise you ' ll have an extra grand an so we ' re gonna be about fifty grand in debt i don ' t even have a student account er fucking young person ' s account yeah should have got a i went into it by seventy pounds and that were before we got the two hundred pound that you know from yeah yeah and then they got
297. went in there and i thought that you know well as a student your eyesight is free t test is free no it ' s not it ' s twenty - eight pounds and then you got a student card? yeah but it ' s not you don ' t get any discount i said do you get discounts? he said yeah if you ' re an old age pensioner or a for glasses yeah
299. frugally in those two years no we did we did live pretty frugally i ' ve lived frugally since since uni yeah and i ' m still i ' ve been a student the whole bloody time and it ' s not gonna change throughout this year i wouldn ' t have though we saved fifteen k yeah and six grand between you? no each yeah so fifteen grand each so you
310. plan is if we can get a foot in the door with canada or america and we can spend three or four years and they have quite a bit of funding out there yeah or like as a foreign student you can get even more funding opportunities mm erm if we can get a three or four - year foot in the door it ' s only another year to get a fairly solid green card which would mean
312. you out of it okay i know you spent a lot of money coming up to see me but like i paid for you like i ' m not blaming you once cos yeah but you get a student loan i don ' t oh you ' re so cute i ' m not blaming i ' m no not blaming you it ' s i get a student loan but it it doesn ' t even cover my
313. you once cos yeah but you get a student loan i don ' t oh you ' re so cute i ' m not blaming i ' m no not blaming you it ' s i get a student loan but it it doesn ' t even cover my accommodation that ' s how little money i have so for me to be able to give you fifty pounds is my week food shopping and that means i can
314. it is a separate question but but you could if you were to win the lottery erm that would be another option is to offer to always what part of their salary they ' re losing to a student loan so you ' ve essentially taken that burden away from them yeah that ' s true mm it ' s a bit hypothetical we ' ve and i have said those really not quite yet cos we '
317. on it mm you know the scheme yeah and it ' s just the way er cos like y er you know they stopped giving universities direct grants yeah so the university had to claim its way through student loans and then the government are having to pay back you know i mean something like thirty percent of student loans are paid back yeah and seventy percent are not and the government has to pay that back yeah course
318. er you know they stopped giving universities direct grants yeah so the university had to claim its way through student loans and then the government are having to pay back you know i mean something like thirty percent of student loans are paid back yeah and seventy percent are not and the government has to pay that back yeah course they do mm and so they you know it ' s just a matter of going round the houses the
319. they you know it ' s just a matter of going round the houses the government are still paying yeah yeah they are aren ' t they? still paying the original money yeah mm weird so how these student loans how are you supposed to pay anything back? how do you mean? well the interest on em well what happened is is that when you earn more than fifteen thousand isn ' t it or something?
321. gonna start punishing people for having a job which essentially is what they ' ve done to you yeah i mean it ' s not like yo so if you ' d just sat at home being a student and not bothering to do anything mm you would have got money from the government like how why does that make sense? yeah exactly yeah yeah that ' s true but because i left voluntarily it was just so
325. said tt cos i got titties we ' re being recorded you can ' t say that bums and willies come on then let ' s give em a good kind of idea of student kind of actually yeah they might yeah student living erm some conversations must be incredibly boring to listen to yeah and others like just like who are these people? yeah i feel sorry for the guy who '
326. ##es we ' re being recorded you can ' t say that bums and willies come on then let ' s give em a good kind of idea of student kind of actually yeah they might yeah student living erm some conversations must be incredibly boring to listen to yeah and others like just like who are these people? yeah i feel sorry for the guy who ' s gotta transcribe it like wouldn
328. s that ' s w why the football thing ' s true it ' s like yeah you i mean there ' s nothing wrong with anglia ruskin it does very different things yeah i mean even just student to staff ratio that ' s gonna be one of the things they use for the table that ' s just a fact yeah and you can ' t that ' s not making a a judgement that ' s
330. ' t like london i want something smaller but they won ' t do it because they ' re locked into the payment scheme it ' s absolutely you ' ve got to pay up front as an international student mm transfer too yeah and of course we ' re taught and it costs money and and and of course you know the universities are earning off these students they don ' t want to lose them but it '
331. and it helps people to pay their way and you pay your way cos you know i earned what? ten thousand pounds a year when i was working for erasmus right which is when you were a student that ' s a lot plenty well well it wasn ' t bad i mean i ate out pretty much every single night i mean it wasn ' t top restaurants but i mean this is like new to me
334. you done that? it was an accident oh you r are a tool it ' s not a lot is it? er no just take if off lick it off mate scrape it off blow job from student at exam? dissertation mate i thought had typed that into your work or something you what you ' re doing now is smearing it into the under - path of my foot i think this sock ' s
335. do their first draft of the cv it ' s very much like a list as er sometimes as careers advisers we ' re trying to kind of get them to think well you may have had as a student maybe a very ordinary job in a bar but what were your responsibilities? what skills did you develop? and um just people need quite a bit of coaxing to do that and to move away mm from
337. yeah it ' s funny isn ' t it people even after we ' ve been doing this a long time people will still surprise me for their questions like i think only a couple of weeks ago a student said to me why do i need to put my address on my cv? yeah and i was a bit surprised really cos i thought well well kind of because you want the employer to contact you so
338. mm to contact you so if you want to give them more than one phone number like a landline and a mobile number or two e - mail addresses one your own e - mail and one your student e - mail then then do it but obviously don ' t go over t over the top yeah um don ' t if you are if you are gonna include a few contact details try and make sure that
339. i i do say make it easy for the employer so put one on that you know you ' re gonna check all the time mm and same for students if you ' re living in shared accommodation or student mm accommodation and you ' re worried about your mail then have it to a secure address mm whether it ' s your mm family or somebody else yeah then then mm do it that way but put something that
344. twenty hours a week while they ' re here you might make it might make sense to put nigerian er nationality nigerian and permission to work in the uk twenty s twenty hours a week mm um as a student and actually straight away you ' ve allayed any fears or anxieties that employers may have about exactly employing international um people really mm so it ' s pragmatic probably me i ' ve got
351. that we ' re talking about and scalable and then you said oh and this er the more i think about it the more i like you like what? okay that erm if you are a student studying business and you wanted to know about start - ups you take a unit in start - ups that unit would be a year out of date only because i know how long it takes to get a cu
353. a double bed haven ' t you? yeah yeah i ' ll be downgrading when i go though yeah you just leave the double bed there don ' t you? to a very small mm student room yeah at an exorbitant price you still got your you still got your foothold at at home haven ' t you? yeah it ' d take me too long to dismantle that
355. true with our voucher our ten pounds off oh ah that is only on sunday and thursday though unfortunately but i might be able to wangle another twenty - five pounds off if you ' re on student you should be able to get another twenty - five percent off on which will be nice indeed but erm oh er yeah what the fuck are you doing out by yourself? possibly out with this person yeah
356. ##p who was organising it he he ' d he had been happily married in wh er four kids who were more or less grown up and he had a bit of an affair with a final year student and he nursed her through her finals a bit of an affair but anyway when he i like that he nursed her through her finals it it turned out we we and it yeah yeah anyway we went
360. look i feel like a student cooking this that ' s alright there ' s nothing wrong with that is there? it ' s got broccoli in it i feel like a right student that a student dinner we ' re gonna have to well i suppose once term starts but like once we get into a routine of term then we can decide who ' s cooking dinner what nights and stuff and mm we were
361. s i cannot believe my l my course last year finished in au erm april when i went to uni that is so early that is early it ' s weirdly early i mean no wonder student finance like fucked me off with the money no but that ' s oh yeah what ' s happened with that? okay right they ' ve not contacted me yet because they said that it would be within like
363. s it would still be expensive it ' s quite likely you ' d get special you would have to get whatever flat is yeah if i actually how do you do i don ' t think anyone does student housing i think people would probably stay on campus if they wanted to go to a uni mm i think a great deal of people that go to unis are live in anyway yeah not many of them
364. difference i thought it meant we ' d get a bathtub i really wanted a bathtub well didn ' t you you were that ' s a bit ambitious well no cos my only experience of student accommodation was and he had a bathtub mm but that ' s very rare well i didn ' t know that i ' ve never heard of anyone have a bathtub i literally know i ' ve never
367. better look smart this morning do i do look smart well turned out mm you see i ' ve followed suit a bit yes you ' ve got a similar type of jumper on indeed it ' s the student look you know well stu student for them maybe stupid for me yeah i think has only got is it four weeks or is it five weeks? five wee five weeks of lectures left haven ' t you?
370. t know what her name is which one? the one with the blonde ponytail she ' s one of our oh say hi there must be hundreds of people in well obviously everybody in the in is a student mm how is the er you haven ' t hear had any er you haven ' t had anything more from that woman who hates you have you? the one who harasses you? no but that
371. oh yeah in the little yeah yeah yeah cupboard that ' s where works now but there ' s erm well i think there ' s a window been put in there oh okay and that ' s student services and erm how ' s dealing without her husband? she seems to be doing very well but not dealing very well without though oh really? mm why doesn ' t she go over there and live
376. it ' s not like it ' s not that they ' re not in a legitimate relationship yeah but they wouldn ' t have got married if he wasn ' t being oh right he his visa his student visa ran out right well and he ' s been living with erm under the radar for a year she did say that when it came to the wedding over a year wasn ' t it? yeah well
377. no a different bloke oh cos they all look the same walnuts? no don ' t be d i knew you were gonna say that oh no i was looking at some of those student ids today going like er? i know what ' s the point really? is that really you? i don ' t know none of them look like them no in the photos one of them had
378. problem? yeah i know say that definitely not no it ' s definitely definitely is a first world problem but dishwashers are just so bloody convenient aren ' t they? mm there ' s a student social worker at our office at the moment mm i don ' t like her i don ' t i haven ' t she ' s just really weird and like brash oh coming from you you ' re
380. and also they ' d give us less to talk about true then i couldn ' t come home and be like this utter freak at work did this then i couldn ' t tell you about freaky student boob poker i ' m sorry i wouldn ' t poke the boob of somebody i worked with apart from i wouldn ' t ppoke a boob of anybody even your friend you wouldn ' t
383. see mm mm yeah mm mm that ' s a really good phone ain ' t it? really? do you think? a lovely phone yeah so i oh there ' s loads of so for every student is it? yeah cos you have to show all their work basically mm this has to be cos they don ' t come and look at it any more don ' t they? mm so all
386. you done that? i ' ve i ' ve do you ' ve done that? i ' ve done the erm oh good was it easy to do? i ' ve converted it to a student account but i ' ve not applied yeah for the actual overdraft yet oh okay you should do cos do you need? well better safe than sorry yeah does is it pretty quick? mm yeah
387. ? mm yeah okay cos i i won ' t need it till like after christmas but still i ' ll do it i mean well cos have you got any money in that account in the student account that you ' ve got now? yeah cos y i think you need about three hundred pounds to activate the overdraft and then it should just do it okay like you don ' t necessarily
388. funding but you ' re you get an allowance i think like yeah the way you do here i thought that you f if you i thought they paid for the yeah they do like it ' s like student finance i think i ' m not really sure how it works but you don ' t have to cover the cost yourself not at all mm and you know you just it ' s it just sounds like a
393. a fucking pain cos i could not afford to it is get the full f contract that ' s why cos i was like mm my stupid duddy loan ah dickheads they are dickheads student finance i hate them they really are what day do we come back do you know? is it the ninth? erm i swear it was like h yeah i think it ' s the ninth or the
395. ' t do that don ' t what? what? wiggle wiggle wiggle stop it mm oh and that ' s good isn ' t it? yeah ha what is? lancaster erm student news kind of newsletter thing so the twelve days of fitness at the sports centre every day from sunday the thirteenth to thursday the twenty - fourth of december when no one ' s there there ' ll be a
398. you? yeah because i only earn yeah twenty - three grand so yeah that ' s right so so you pay twenty per cent tax yeah but you also pay national insurance on top of that yeah and student loans yeah i mean the thing is you ' ve got several things coming out of yours so er well out of my salary i ' ve got my it just feels like it i ' ve got yeah i
399. got several things coming out of yours so er well out of my salary i ' ve got my it just feels like it i ' ve got yeah i ' ve got tax national insurance pension and my student loan yeah well so i ' ve got the my contributions to my pension and and the contributions yeah so yeah it ' s a bit um you don ' t see an awful lot of it even w so
400. months they they get disabused and suddenly find out no it ' s actually hard graft yeah i know but mm it a lot ' s changed but erm not in rea well student health really kind of mm mm gone more nurse - led now so it ' s always a bit like that but mm it ' s run by the nurses now not the doctors they do have doctors there but
401. actually picking up mm i want erm shall i bring it closer to us? i once recorded an entire interview on my phone uhu erm cos i was writing for erm like a student newspaper erm and just interviewed erm my friend who ' s my academic brother but was also like hosting some showing and doing loads of crap and i was like let ' s interview him but it worked
403. allow the free vote for every adult yeah they ' d be kicked out on the mm you know but they did get obama in didn ' t they? yeah but that was a lot of white collar student stuff weren ' t it? yeah he ' s he ' s ha he ' s sort of facing a bit of a yeah he ' s in the sticky place ain ' t he? a dodgy
408. had to like go up to the uni and yeah it was really weird because i think that ' s like quite traditional i think yeah we had that in first year where just for linguistics your like student number was on there yeah next to your like grade you got from particular exams we but we just had it online but erm so i was waiting for that then just got like a random phone call one
410. was good wasn ' t it? yeah tia and tamera tia and tamera erm what else were my favourites? i used to like the flintstones and the jetsons you used to like student bodies yes i did used to like student bodies who didn ' t like that? a cartoon slash teenagers with problems it was great i never saying that though really watched clueless that was on that was definitely
412. it ' s a good reputation isn ' t it? yeah it is good to stay there so do you get discount from then because you did your undergrad there? no i think you know how student finance covers four years? yeah i think it instead of me paying like eleven grand to do my lpc in i can just continue with the funding on do you see what i mean? oh that '
422. you like you ' re wandering around campus you see like a hundred a hundred and fifty pe you can have a? yeah yeah exactly em all the stupid stories of things you did when you were a student come to light again em that ' s an ego boost? were you still? oh yeah no it ' s good it ' s good actually? are you still criticising people for putting their elbows on
423. to people that they think they know not just like and also if you have a question like you can find someone i would say i ' d open up yeah it ' s a random conversation with a student but mm if they made them different colours they would be less ganglike yeah variety of colours yeah mm and i think they did that a few years ago but i don ' t think they ' ve got
427. or any of the weird initiation ceremonies oh n like what? what do you have to do? yes what are they? there ' s like all sor like you read about it in like the student papers when they get exposed and stuff oh really? or like weird things like you have to like girls have to like take off each other ' s bras with their teeth or something while like male members
433. the grand scheme of life six grand isn ' t that much money no he was like it ' s not worth getting a bank loan and getting in loads of debt for it so no do you have student loans? yeah yeah erm how much do you have out of interest? erm i think i owe cos you were with the top - up fees were you not? no i wasn ' t
434. and their charities good charities i should say i ' m always looking for ways to i suppose thematically i am very interested in children you know the types of charities i support yeah are pretty much always student er student woo my students i ' ve been writing this paper about bloody university students there was about two or three yeah okay so i wonder if there is like thematically you know erm a way of
437. market for that cos there ' s a lot of money in uh cannabis as you know there ' s uh often often smell whiffs of it as i walk down round here in this uh student area like it ' s quite studenty um well i think it ' s uh i think it ' s it ' s not da really dangerous but like there is a problem if you smoke it obviously the
440. yes in august it ' s criminal to yes i don ' t know what he ' s thinking of so erm who is this person? another person who organises miage oh well for the student who never turned up oh is that what it is? yeah it ' s for this same person it ' s yeah er so i ' ve got to sort that out so it has to be you really
442. mean like they they can ' t be unique in london mm no? about you know sort of you know the sort of young couple you know trying to start a family get a house together they got student loans to pay back yeah do you know what i mean? yeah it ' s awful and then council tax on top of it nothing yeah and then you got council tax and then you get yeah blooming
443. over your life yes it really is it ' s not good now life has killed the dream i ' m really tired you know? er i wanna eat but i don ' t have any food the student life isn ' t very fun is it? no it ' s not glamorous you have to do horrible work and we all get sad and depressed and we have no money we do we have no
446. within a couple of years basically since david cameron ' s come in just flipped and like education we ' ve completely copied the american system the americans and realised how much more money some of the loans the student loans that were t taken out ten years ago or so they ' ve sold those li loans off to private companies so now they lo those people don ' t deal with the government loan student loan company any
447. loans the student loans that were t taken out ten years ago or so they ' ve sold those li loans off to private companies so now they lo those people don ' t deal with the government loan student loan company any more they ' re private companies dealing with them and they can introduce new rules about how you should pay back i don ' t want my loan if my loan goes off to a private company
448. cos literally was so fun yeah but it was later on in the night but i ' m sure it will be fine yeah earlier as well i mean we i ' ll i ' ve got a student card now so yeah i if er as long as i make sure i take that out with me with my passport we should be fine getting into places cos they were really funny that time weren ' t
451. third time she was like this is your third time? and i was like i ' ve been here a month already she was like third time in a month? she was like you ' re a student and was like i oh god yeah i am we spend in one night at wagamama what we spend in two weeks on food yeah well i don ' t any more cos obviously i don '
454. oh it ' s a couple of days yeah are they gonna stay in a guest house or are they is she is he staying with her family or? i have no idea no she ' s a student isn ' t she? mm to be a doctor or did i make that up? no i made that up is it something like that? or a nurse or no? i can ' t remember what
457. technology does have connectedness but what you do with that connectedness that counts and and there ' s a big thing that you feed off that thread which is erm all of those elements of the student - ish type things which are about your your learning your motivation your erm getting on and doing it your experience your sharing your community your networking and all of those you know there ' s a must
458. because if we were to do a trial run of it and it did just happen by chance that students wanted to have me introduce erm interview say for example a member of staff in a university the student go yeah you know the reason i want you to really interview my mentor at or at the uni or my lecturer at the uni is because we share these common interests and er we you know think
468. feel as good that ' s alright i just wrote that ' s an achievement ' s got a message you got the job if you do did you fill up the thing? what ' s that? student er erm cheers i don ' t know they ' re just asking you so when did you have the other interview? the last oh the first as well was that your due date for both of you
469. just what happened? yeah i know i know i just got a third a third one is do you know where your uni is? yeah yeah exactly that ' s the first question you remember your student name right? i think that ' s six digits cos i remember i was i mean the first year i just scraped passed but that thankfully doesn ' t count yeah yeah how kind of you as soon
470. had a good chat with him? you knew he was good ah you laughed at a bit of a chat and i said oh are you you one of the technicians? and he was like no phd student so i asked him about it yeah he told me seemed pretty interesting you wanna do a phd? er well i applied for one but i didn ' t get it and i wouldn ' t just do one
471. get a foot in the door mm to potentially getting dual citizenship somewhere else and then b there ' s a lot more funding for foreign students yeah than there is for generally is you ' re a foreign student there is a lot more funding in england as well mm like yeah yeah yeah yeah it ' s depressing like i go in the u er they ' ve got all these like things and we don '
472. t go for any of them we can ' t apply for any yeah it ' s like any of them we can ' t get any of the discounts did you get a discount for being a student? yeah i did like a grand or something? before it was different though because i what they do is they offer a dis they offer like a a bigger discount if you just go straight through yeah
473. ' s no er i think you get quite similar prices in and then we looked into them and yeah it ' s not really good quality i don ' t think when we were in bath all the student houses around the bath ' s spa side of town yeah yeah yeah were a bit crappy and like were they? the price you don ' t get very much for your money and it ' s i
474. brother and the thi the thing is as well i thought it was two fifty i thought i think i just paid it ' s two seventy - five i reckon i think it came out of my student loan mm yeah like i didn ' t even see it yeah yeah oh right right that was the i can ' t believe they ' re on a grand a year now i think it was like about that
485. t achieve so much with that yeah they ' ve got so whipped here there was a really good option that i was really pro for erm as opposed to the increasing tuition fees which would set like student tax so you didn ' t pay to go to uni but after you finish uni for the rest of your life you would have tax you pay a tax so it ' s like tax which is
486. t pay to go to uni but after you finish uni for the rest of your life you would have tax you pay a tax so it ' s like tax which is what they call my student loan yeah which is effectively what our student loans are yeah yeah effeffectively it ' s student tax you pay like ten percent of your wages so if you ' re on a hundred grand it
487. after you finish uni for the rest of your life you would have tax you pay a tax so it ' s like tax which is what they call my student loan yeah which is effectively what our student loans are yeah yeah effeffectively it ' s student tax you pay like ten percent of your wages so if you ' re on a hundred grand it ' s obviously a lot more yeah yeah
488. have tax you pay a tax so it ' s like tax which is what they call my student loan yeah which is effectively what our student loans are yeah yeah effeffectively it ' s student tax you pay like ten percent of your wages so if you ' re on a hundred grand it ' s obviously a lot more yeah yeah than if you ' re on fifteen but over a certain amount you
489. like ten percent of your wages so if you ' re on a hundred grand it ' s obviously a lot more yeah yeah than if you ' re on fifteen but over a certain amount you pay a student tax yeah and then everyone pays it do you guys still have bachelors loans? that ' s kind of more fair because then they ' re like yeah yeah of course mine ' s like twenty grand mm
490. stolen the money from me and i haven ' t got any money so far and it ' s like no yeah you ' ve got a certain amount haven ' t you? this is the thing with student loans is you yeah you have to earn yeah and with a nine grand you now have to earn like twenty thousand or something of like this yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah with the fees i was gonna say yeah
491. i was gonna say yeah me it depends on which country you ' re getting it actually oh it ' s been ridiculous in korea mm we ' ve been paying off about fifteen pound a month on our student loans mm mm on average it ' s gone sometimes it ' s three pounds som it went up to thirty pounds for a short time and then they were like er we made a mistake cos we
492. were making enough money to clock over so i basically owed but in korea it ' s different they our stu exactly the same as i owed before i ' ve just been paying off the interest mm our student loan was like you don ' t have if you earn over fifteen grand or whatever you pay nine percent but because we were living in korea it ' s anything over nine grand if you live in india it
493. we ' re gonna send the bailiffs round and do this and they do all through a subsidiary company called company which when you google it it ' s isn ' t real it ' s just student loans companies it ' s just the same company they created a secondary company yeah ah but they scare you by thinking that it ' s this yes and they put the word law in it company yeah yeah so
495. when the hell did that happen? oh really? yeah it ' s really because m last year i used to be with you know and and oh yeah quite a lot like on a wednesday or thursday student night buy one get two free because i only used to work on friday oh oh so everywhere and then we would be like yeah we ' ll just go to i want to go to a casino i '
497. was i swear like years ago before i went to uni was it at uni? they tried to make like a student maybe it wasn ' t a thursday night yeah yeah there ' s a student night but they did like an alternative music night like we saw oh really? in casino rooms? in casino rooms ah there you go it was pretty crap to be honest yeah and then we tried to go
503. than just yeah well it depends on the intensity you ' re working at yeah but i don ' t know i ' m not really into diets no no no as you might have guessed as a student to eating and drinking? mm yeah to ea excessive eating and drinking to cheese and cider yeah that ' s like so cider ' s your drink is it? yeah you know i need to find
504. swear they called me a cunt down the phone mm in some indian accent i had yeah yeah i do found it on youtube there ' s a series of them some i quite liked i had a student in korea and he er he he it ' s really unusual he ' d er he ' s only about twenty but he went to india for a couple of years mm like to work on a korean international
508. i don ' t know i didn ' t even look at it recently it ' s a pretty good job title it is a good job title what ' s the best job title ever? what does student slash poor what do what does say? what does say? was aassistant professor or something like that yeah and would be she was like n yeah the charity ' s trust yeah y yeah in
512. forms saying that i was given the grant for it yes which it gets automatically paid into yes i don ' t see that money so no why would i have the fees? why would i owe the student loans for it if she paid it? no no i dunno why she got that in her head erm did she accept your explanation? no we got into a bit of an argument over it w
515. form at the end of the semester? they said yes i did and i happened to know that some of the academics here have continued on doing those particular things even though i ' ve had pretty strong student feedback to say that what they were doing didn ' t work now at the time to be fair i was not full - time employed i was i was not in a position to say anything okay erm
520. and i ' ve got a spare one it ' s a good job you ' ve got the hobby of buying model aeroplanes and not sailing boats yeah but em he had another customer eh or another student that em was a retired mining engineer mm hm and em i got i got to know him and then we used to go down there together em and now he ' s em not so keen on doing it
522. that road well well it depends on the traffic doesn ' t it? it ' s alright but so what else did say? oh just that he was worried about his he ' s gonna have his student visa come in but oh yeah it ' s only gonna last a year so he ' s gotta find another visa but he ' s got a whole year to sort this out oh and his well he can
523. s only gonna last a year so he ' s gotta find another visa but he ' s got a whole year to sort this out oh and his well he can ' t just keep renewing his student visa his wife went out and bought loads and loads of beauty products he said she calls it makeup er cos he couldn ' t think what it was i don ' t think it is makeup i think
524. and you ' ll have ggone for like where where are you thinking about for the uni from like your research last year that you did? erm probably still maybe it will be your student discount mm instead of being me it ' ll go into i think but is more expensive oh is it? by a lot is it? no not in the grand scheme of things it ' s erm
525. s true like it ' s all lovely now cos she ' s g they ' re ba he goes there and he t she takes him to gigs mm cos she gets to go at the student union oh nice yeah so they went to see and somebody else or something mm either way if she ' d not got that privilege do you think she ' d be buying him tickets to see stuff? no
526. i was in at the time i remember forty - five minutes away from each other it was brilliant and er we used to when i used to go and visit her we used to go out in the student union because the town was so rough huh you would not go oh god it was fucking scary like people get beaten up right i ' ll get the name of where it is and will will will report back
527. of all the times all the times every time the occasional times that i would get really smashed at when i was at uni and you know they they were always there they were always there outside the student union every night just to make sure everyone was okay and and they ' d come in and look after you if you were feeling a bit dodgy and you know it was nice that they did that do
530. like into feminism and that you are a feminist i ' d be good i ' d be good at the on the team like i i could be like you would yeah are are you gonna run for student thingy thingy? i ' d like to you should definitely do that do something yeah i saw a poster about it and i was like oh yeah go i ' ll be a person on that team
531. even a bargain so nothing is a bargain in that infernal shop all about the bargains i hate that shop it ' s so expensive it is expensive it ' s like it ' s a student shop and it ' s supposed to be cheaper that ' s the point of student shops no it ' s like our co - op it ' s not at was like ten percent cheaper than your average co
532. the bargains i hate that shop it ' s so expensive it is expensive it ' s like it ' s a student shop and it ' s supposed to be cheaper that ' s the point of student shops no it ' s like our co - op it ' s not at was like ten percent cheaper than your average co - op really? mm and it ' s here it feels more expensive if anything
533. that ' s right cos you ' re just carrying on? yeah they ' ve asked me if can work in the library while goes through with her ivf and if she can work on the student services while has her wednesdays off and could she work with as well? i s my comment to that was why are you making her redundant? if you needed to cover all these yeah so i said
534. sausages so good so good a whole tin is that all you ' ve had? just a tin of beans with with bread just a bit a tin of beans i was thinking oh my god proper student living like the whole thing this week i was like it was like so funny i was like tell us soon yeah oh it ' s so cold am i alright to like eat any of them? oh course
545. that we went oh right how much was it? erm it was it came to a hundred and something erm how many of you were there? hundred and six five of us you me their student and then oh right and then paid seventy and me and paid twenty something each not a cheap expensive for an indian so it wasn ' t too bad no but we did have starters and stuff but the thing
546. it and you ' ve made that money so you ' re making money on that but yeah mm yeah there ' s that thing in the i saw erm on s in some paper about this like student building society which you can basically if your parents guarantee you it lets gives you a mortgage instead of getting student accommodation you buy a house fucking hell in like wherever and then you christ in yeah or like in
547. ' s that thing in the i saw erm on s in some paper about this like student building society which you can basically if your parents guarantee you it lets gives you a mortgage instead of getting student accommodation you buy a house fucking hell in like wherever and then you christ in yeah or like in if you ' re in uni in like or whatever yeah you can buy a house in and then you
548. i will charge and he went ah mm and i said sorry i said u i ' m not a charity i said you ' re gonna need someone i said but if you haven ' t got a student outcomes officer you ' ve got their salary band haven ' t you? and he said well i can ' t pay you till the end of february i said i ' m not asking for you to pay
552. like a little downstairs bit as well let ' s see inside oh it ' s the one with the blue door mm mm like a nicer version of ours though ours was like a bit of a student digs yes a bit studenty it was really lucky to live on that road though even as students gosh well it looks rather nice but it ' s not worth seven hundred and twenty - five well
553. what about the five - bedroom detached it says i shall the reading is interesting with the potential to create a beautiful five - bedroom detached residence well yeah meaning it ' s a bit of a hole currently student dive at present no there are there are north of the river there are less nice neighbourhoods in which are much less desirable yeah that ' s right that ' s the same they ' re further away from the
556. the queue we had to hop on the till and serve them exactly they ' re not in the sale i ' ve just found them in the non - sale section damn damn can you not get a student discount? yeah but it ' s not that much and like two quid two pound twenty - two twenty actually no new look don ' t even do student discount do they? yeah oh they do now
557. section damn damn can you not get a student discount? yeah but it ' s not that much and like two quid two pound twenty - two twenty actually no new look don ' t even do student discount do they? yeah oh they do now h and m don ' t do student discount no well they ' re quite cheap anyway aren ' t they i suppose? i know still though yeah still feel
558. that much and like two quid two pound twenty - two twenty actually no new look don ' t even do student discount do they? yeah oh they do now h and m don ' t do student discount no well they ' re quite cheap anyway aren ' t they i suppose? i know still though yeah still feel slightly ripped off not that i ' m even a student really have you got a stu
560. cheap anyway aren ' t they i suppose? i know still though yeah still feel slightly ripped off not that i ' m even a student really have you got a stu you haven ' t got a student card? i do yeah i still have mine cos it doesn ' t technically expire well it does it it hasn ' t got an expiry on it but i reckon i could probably get
563. university card but it ' s for people at the who like want to get into the colleges and stuff and there ' s an expiry date on it and it looks like a stu like a student card oh that ' s good it ' s seventy pound not seventy - seven pounds that ' s good and it lasts till two thousand and twenty - one she is a long - time student i know so
566. he ' s using hers i guess cos you for like when you buy things online you need the nus number don ' t you? yeah yeah she can ' t cos asos do student discount but only if you have nus number yeah not if you ' ve got a normal student card which is a stupid i suppose you can ' t really do it another way can you? even if
567. the nus number don ' t you? yeah yeah she can ' t cos asos do student discount but only if you have nus number yeah not if you ' ve got a normal student card which is a stupid i suppose you can ' t really do it another way can you? even if you just have an affiliation with nus like student card should have an nu you should automatically get
568. not if you ' ve got a normal student card which is a stupid i suppose you can ' t really do it another way can you? even if you just have an affiliation with nus like student card should have an nu you should automatically get an nus number yeah but then nus wouldn ' t make any money though would they? well i suppose they would if the unis bought into it
569. any money though would they? well i suppose they would if the unis bought into it yeah if the unis bought into it or if you had to pay five pounds every time or for your student card you paid five pounds or seven pounds or whatever and they gave you that yeah and they gave you that but i never really go online anyway because i like trying things on yeah i suppose i always find
572. i can see you can just see er erm some of them erm erm no oh this is er sorry er thithis is on our first day and this is where the yeah the student riots er the the y stustudent riots were and erm and what you see is lots of it was actually quite it was a beautiful day and it was a a very pleasant day it '
573. impressive ah but he seems alright like he doesn ' t s you take what you can get he doesn ' t seem massively bad whereas nick clegg did fundamentally lie rape the entirety of the student population and he yeah of this country get all the students to vote for him and then just go oh sorry i lied which er at least david cameron has kind of done what he said he ' d do
574. ' d just said it was it was just a matter of what he said if it was just yeah i ' m sorry but in order to make this coalition government work i cannot deliver on my f student loans issue mhm that would ' ve been bad but acceptable instead of which he said no i got it wrong idiots yeah huh help yourself to oh you have good don ' t worry i ' m not
577. just like oh thank god yeah and it ' s just like yeah cos what robber ' s gonna come in and think books are gonna be more expensive than computers? unless it ' s a medical student that has become a robber yeah become a robber yeah yeah yeah can ' t b can ' t believe that our house got broken into like did you did you two hear about this? they they just broke
580. t have to implement it but all my doctor friends er are applying to jobs abroad so yeah and i was thinking about this if they all move abroad it means they won ' t have to pay their student fees so that ' s fifty thousand pounds per doctor er per person who ' s graduated in the last few years who just won ' t pay back their fees yeah wow good on them yeah yeah i '
584. it goes down there yes which is big isn ' t it? it really is yeah it ' s a big place isn ' t it yes really? i must say the campus south is where the student union building is oh i see well they ' ve got them out of the way then have they? yes the a bit noisy and that but even so there ' s still building going on isn ' t
585. it ' s it ' s like ten times bigger there yeah i didn ' t like being in when i was married i didn ' t but i really didn ' t like it when i was a student but i still walked around it thinking oh this is this is at least this is these are beautiful buildings at least i ' m not depressed in birmingham yeah did you hear from? erm on his birthday
586. ##toises and i i can definitely offer them next door well won ' t have that or i ' m gonna take them to his house in in they won ' t survive that it ' s a student house good point you think someone ' s gonna come home late at night and think there ' s some pies and put them in the oven? oh i ' d like a nice crusty pie don
587. ll just follow the signs yeah follow the sign diverted look at these splendid houses maybe this is where people like it ' s got to be down there hasn ' t it? yeah they all look like student student houses yeah it ' s fun being a student even if you ' re having a terrible time right any ideas? yeah keep following the diverted traffic i reckon i reckon what are you going to get for
588. just follow the signs yeah follow the sign diverted look at these splendid houses maybe this is where people like it ' s got to be down there hasn ' t it? yeah they all look like student student houses yeah it ' s fun being a student even if you ' re having a terrible time right any ideas? yeah keep following the diverted traffic i reckon i reckon what are you going to get for his
591. eve is wednesday eighteenth of february er? oh actually say when we when our holiday is though? well we ' ve got to try and take it during the breaks haven ' t we? so ah student vacation from ninth of february and er spring festival sixteenth of february till second of march basically you ' ve got one three weeks off in february plus the two weekends either side you can have the whole three weeks
593. do you ever see her often? i don ' t because i don ' t like her house it ' s cold does she live by herself? no other people she like wants to be the eternal student so okay what does she blog about? the life according to is i haven ' t finished my blog actually i forgot to finish it when i was in peru so my mum has been like finish your blog
594. up to a certain amount and and most it won ' t make you happier most of it goes in erm goes in taxes and i like i was paying a lot more tax and paying back my student loan a lot more at as well so a lot of that money would go out of my account before i ' d seen it whereas now i ' m on i ' m on such a small amount that
595. a lot of that money would go out of my account before i ' d seen it whereas now i ' m on i ' m on such a small amount that i don ' t pay back my student loan mm at all and i ' m paying tax but they taxed me a stupid amount when i arrived and now they can ' t charge me any more because i ' ve basically i ' ve paid
597. it it ' s it ' s quite something put it that way yeah no i came across that at er one of those asnacs er not actually asnacs but one of those sort of student gatherings of those kinds of people yes this was also one of er youtube watching at midnight events that led to me finding that erm that those clips from a playstation game with tom baker ' s narra
599. on to the home page it ' s like in the top left - hand side do you know the academic admin? where you look you click the academic academic admin part then log me into student services and then on the first page that comes up you can just see registration you just click that and then fill the forms out okay more more forms cos do you know w do you know what you
600. ##s i ' m not i couldn ' t tell you first time i did it so i applied for the year before i don ' t know how they let me apply for the year before cos student finance are fucking wankers and they are shit i know i know it was like and then like three or four weeks before we actually started uni i realised i ' d done it wrong and why could
601. s going this year to do he ' s going to to do erm could ' ve told yeah well he would erm a business and education like course and because erm he ' s doing student finance and even though like he gets he ' s got a full - time job at the minute so he gets no money from his parents whatsoever like he has to pay more as well cos he like
602. nothing back at all i can remember my one of my teachers was a music teacher and he i can remember him coming into a lesson and saying i ' ve only just started paying my like mm my student loan off and he must ' ve been about thirty - two thirty - three it ' s over twenty - one grand now though innit so? yeah don ' t know and even that ' s like
610. now course we used to live very close to canals ah right but on the boats i mean it ' s very popular oh the boats yeah cos it i ' d worked out when i was a student that renting a p a room in a student house in cambridge was incredibly expensive yeah this was about ten years ago but it was over oh well over four hundred pounds a month ooh that ' s
611. ah right but on the boats i mean it ' s very popular oh the boats yeah cos it i ' d worked out when i was a student that renting a p a room in a student house in cambridge was incredibly expensive yeah this was about ten years ago but it was over oh well over four hundred pounds a month ooh that ' s a lot of money but if you rented a boat
618. to be awfully healthy either yeah you know in terms of their you know personal growth mm yeah i think quite a lot of the time we we make we make it out like it ' s the student ' s fault but i think sometimes there ' s actually the organisations not mm really thinking caring enough about their employees mm and this is absolutely particularly now academics i ' m focusing on mm i ' m really
619. you barely twelve hours to get to manchester for a yeah interview which is pretty outrageous really if you were at the other end of the country yeah what if you ' re coming from ireland or and international student you would stick around can you not do it on skype? no no you have to be there why why can ' t they use skype? erm because they ' re neanderthals
620. right so it would have to be april so you ' d have to save the april one yeah oh right yeah and then er well my my one ' s only er they only pay fees though my student loan don ' t er like cover anything else no so i need to er i need to get an exten well not an extension you ' ll have to update it i need to look at mine update
621. s something like that and then someone had like a tinder date and right and it what happened on that tinder date it just it seemed like they we ' re trying to portray it as typical student life oh okay and it was like i don ' t know anyone who ' s done that it was like he met this tinder guy at at the train station and they went to go for a nan
624. that ' s anyway is there any way you can get? like do they charge for? you know you ' re with aren ' t you? oh you ' re in yeah well no my my student account ' s with okay i ' ve got an overdraft do they charge interest for overdraft? but no no? no i would be able to use my overdraft but i '
625. i don ' t know i suppose i could use my overdraft dip in dip into that is it the same with all banks then like all banks? yeah they don ' t charge interest with student accounts usually student banks? really? yeah that ' s really i thought they did and i get i get fourteen hundred overdraft which is pretty decent okay so i ' m gonna get an i is
626. t know i suppose i could use my overdraft dip in dip into that is it the same with all banks then like all banks? yeah they don ' t charge interest with student accounts usually student banks? really? yeah that ' s really i thought they did and i get i get fourteen hundred overdraft which is pretty decent okay so i ' m gonna get an i is this for coop
627. which is pretty decent okay so i ' m gonna get an i is this for coop then? yeah coop yeah do you not get interest erm overdraft? i ' ve not got a student bank account i ' ve just got a normal one have you not? yeah oh my god why not? so i have cos my parents were like don ' t get a student account we should '
629. have trouble with like paying rent or i can ' t believe you don ' t have an overdraft no cos my parents are like don ' t even bother with overdrafts and student accounts but i was like okay but i like really? i mean yeah they ' re they ' re kind of scary cos like if you do go into your overdraft it ' s a bit
631. that ' s not not too bad let ' s have a look let ' s see you ' re? yeah cos i tried looking i think before cos i was actually looking into getting a student account being like yeah screw you know what screw your parents what i got mine last year cos you get a free train ticket you get a free like railcard yeah yeah that ' s cool but it
632. s cool then i don ' t end up spending over right upgrade existing account oh no i d i just want information really yeah erm yeah what does it say in here? when you open a student account with this firm get one now an interest free overdraft here we go you can apply for up to five hundred in term one and up to thu two thousand after that up to two thousand
633. seven hundred fifty every six months and make at least three debit transactions each month but you you do that anyway like yeah just by having just by like using the bank account mm mm oh yeah with student finance you do get seven hundred and fifty every yeah three months yeah yeah exactly and how do you undo your student account like how do you stop it being a student account? do you just like change it
634. like yeah just by having just by like using the bank account mm mm oh yeah with student finance you do get seven hundred and fifty every yeah three months yeah yeah exactly and how do you undo your student account like how do you stop it being a student account? do you just like change it back? erm i think you just have to ring them up and just ask them if you could like change
635. bank account mm mm oh yeah with student finance you do get seven hundred and fifty every yeah three months yeah yeah exactly and how do you undo your student account like how do you stop it being a student account? do you just like change it back? erm i think you just have to ring them up and just ask them if you could like change it change it back yeah i don ' t know
636. think you just have to ring them up and just ask them if you could like change it change it back yeah i don ' t know how that would work really but i mean you could get a student account like it ' s pretty easy to do and you don ' t have to pay for it sseparate to your other account? like separate that ' s what i ' ve got and it
637. it sseparate to your other account? like separate that ' s what i ' ve got and it ' s okay quite good because it means that it ' s like separate so all your student money is separate and you just pay yourself what you get okay like your allowance and then the rest of it ' s all just in another account and you don ' t have to worry about it it just
638. account and you don ' t have to worry about it it just gets paid by like that ' s really good like automatically like you set up automatic payments to the like the uni and to mm student finance and whatever that ' s cool and if you did that you might get more overdraft do some people have it all in the same one? i mean yeah yeah some people do yeah mm i
639. of doing it actually like i ' m sure i ' m sure people have the way you ' re doing it i ' m sure people do have it in let ' s look at like the best student bank accounts so you have to apply for an overdraft then? erm yeah but it ' s not like a big okay a big kind of thing like it ' s really easy to get you
640. ear? here oh that was won that was so funny did you see that on yikyak? everyone was talking about it can you see it anywhere? the what? it ' s like from student union no those are too far back it must be up here oh it ' s so annoying here we go is it that? no aha yay yay wednesday oh god it ' s tomorrow shit
647. up your drunkenness erm and then you ' ll go to er somewhere apparently in got erm voted as er i think it it was top it was in the top ten of like it was student voted i think and it was like top ten of like the country ' s worst like clubs someone got stabbed out er er outside it er is not on that list? was not on that well ' s
649. and i ' ve spoken to students about it before and they said erm oh it ' s just not it ' s becoming a thing oh it is becoming a thing? yeah yeah in the most student called he was a what a great name head of logistics at er this factory er and he said you know a couple of years ago you would never see anyone running in the streets they ' d be sort
650. i loved it i loved it i loved it but not just the not just the studying everything everything it was just brilliant the place was fantastic the uni was fantastic ah the little cafeteria was fantastic the student uni oh brilliant was it difficult? like was it was there in any way the possibility of like? not passing? yeah do you know this is it ' s the story of my life that clever
653. anyway we need to um go to the pub? oh god i ' d love it right let ' s think of it this way when this is done and handed in it ' ll be time for student loans yeah which is time to go out and it ' s not stress do you know the the the the is doing the night out oh yeah i can imagine oh we need to buy our ball ticke
654. ' s at a good loan day ain ' t it yeah well i ' m gonna put on here the day we get paid and be like tickets then cos already put she ' s coming hello student loan yeah um i don ' t know we could try and come like or like and and everyone ' s gonna be drunk and then there ' s just gonna be that ' s just like well we '
659. was the first one of his that i read actually and the main character the essential character was this sort of corni well american woman living in cornwall but she came to the uk sort of as a student erm yeah i think she moved to london first and then ended up in cornwall met met this amazing guy who took her on with child right and all the rest of it oh and erm she was
660. er oh there must be coffee shops that other people can go to yeah if they don ' t wanna be surrounded by it there must be well it ' s just university in england you associate the the student ' s union yeah yeah ha with getting drunk really yeah don ' t you yeah when mum was at uni when mum was at uni you see cos when she was at uni she used
661. free yeah yeah she got her she got her sheets washed for free she got like they got their dinners for free everything they got for free yeah it was crazy but anyway she used to work in the student bar voluntary but you got all of your drinks you could drink in there for free but people didn ' t abuse it you know like if you like now they pay people to go and work in there but
662. that and anyway having gone through the university and having gone through this erm er course in london at polytechnic er i was faced with the obvious question of okay now are you going to be a perpetual student or are you actually going to get a job? and i was looking at adverts and i saw erm an advert from the bbc and i thought oh this looks interesting this was erm
663. mm erm but erm yes i mean a lot of unknown artists ask far too much for their work and erm mm mm it was the first thing i sold erm while i was a student mm but i ' ve sold a lot more now and a lot of my work is i have a lot of photographs mm erm in my dentist ' s she ' s got them on permanent display er
664. cover the whole country that ' s my worry when i said is there a political bias on the basis that if it ' s just sort of twenty somethings no it ' s everybody and and often student - based no no no no it ' s all age groups that you ' re gonna get a very quite a specific yeah erm demographic most people are left wing though well not according to the el er
674. money there and you spend the whole day there it ' s dangerous that ' s where ninety pounds went oh the thing was it was actually the total was one hundred pounds but because i had an old student discount it came down to ninety something oh my god it was not good and i like i told like i hazed my mum like oh yeah i got lots of things oh no you liar and she doesn
675. overdraft well at least you have been paying off your overdraft so it is not a lot yeah so i was quite grateful for that oh fucking hell wait when do we get the next student grant? it is some time in april it is like the third or fourth week okay i thought it was early i need it to be early i need the same thing but we may have classes so i
678. rang him anyway but he ' s had a cold this week erm i don ' t think he ' s gonna be one for going out boozing and stuff but then he ' s a mature student isn ' t he? yeah he ' s going in at twenty - four and not eighteen he ' ll save himself some money i ' m sure if he does it that way yeah and as long as
680. one from the coursebook mm yeah well it ' s fairly straightforward it ' s just that last bit i don ' t know what it ' s going on about yeah it ' s just erm student group discussion video? example question? they ' re not even doing a discussion any more for their exam their exam is one - on - one now mm oh really? mm they haven ' t thought his
685. i guess when we try and get to the next page yeah it says previous trips to uzbekistan none accompanying persons i ' ll put your name and occupation students place of work like that ' s a university student work also the address university erm home address fine inviting party we don ' t need that erm put uk citizen mm for what? w in the inviting party box i ' ve put uk citizen just
694. student for however many years erm so i woke up the first morning in beijing with blood all over the place and and of course you couldn ' t get any ice we were just stuck in this student accommodation erm and there was tepid water and that was all there was there wasn ' t even cold water you ran the tap it didn ' t really come very cold mm well actually wasn ' t
696. exactly yeah just come out anyway i wonder what like is an emergency round here? cos i can ' t apart from mm i bet it ' s students all the time yeah it ' ll be student based things i think in town and stuff so it probably won ' t be very serious half the stuff like in liverpool there is quite a lot of like it does get busy mm in terms of the hospitals
697. alright i was it? it might have been yeah that ' s funny is she the mental health person? er nno she ' s just like general kind of cos it said in charge of student wellbeing in the b underneath her name it said the mental health team advisor or something so oh right oh i don ' t maybe it wasn ' t no it would have been but oh that '
698. get that you know and it ' s like they already might have to pay one thousand three hundred pounds and it ' s like it won ' t come to that i hope not please grant my appeal student finance please give me money if they don ' t there ' s still a chance to appeal further yeah you can take it to step two i think yeah exactly and you should but i don ' t know
699. enough finance to last till june because my accommodation lasted till june oh yeah i see but i couldn ' t get my accommodation refund because accommodation is non - refundable when you ' re a student in yeah so i yep so i couldn ' t just give them my money back because even if you ' re not living there you still have to pay the rent yeah accommodation ' s never refundable
700. s not as say it ' s not like humanities is it where people are more open to discuss? mm well i need to get them in practice mm erm they emailed me about the american student today mm what did they say? mm excuse me erm i ' ve just er got a mouthful sorry mm let me finish you put the whole thing in your mouth? no i only put a little
705. a really cosy community yeah and producing group products as well that they ' re involved in as well you see what i like about trying to use the primary market as the the voice which is the student who ' s coming in from like university or or just graduated coming in as monday and starting the whole ball rolling it ' s almost like here i ' m gonna tell you my story and i ' m
706. interview and i will interview that person oh? oh yeah it ' s in the cupboard underneath the oven is erm i need to need to be sure that we need to transition them from just the student voice and the community into a scalable option where they ' re either private providers are beginning to take interest namely because the site is so popular and that secondly businesses might start to get interested in it because
707. want people who do producing stuff for us yeah so the so we ' ve got some teasing elements to tease people into the community but the subscription to start off with with the model is to have a student base subscription and to show popularity that people are actually parting with their money to come into the community and get for example the whole the whole thing they get the whole shebang they get the whole case study
708. good at reviewing things and throws in a bit of a a wobbler at you every now and again yeah yeah yeah mm he ' s good like that and then erm well actually the law student she might know something about copyright and ipr and all that sort of thing so yeah it ' s kind of a case of at what stage erm she ' s you get all that stuff sorted yeah
710. here guinea fowl yeah man you know how much that guinea fowl cost me to defrost? i keep g do you reckon if we claimed guinea fowl? in a student house i don ' t think they ' d take us seriously no what? guinea fowl? why not? we ' ve just got lone wolf left to do now ain ' t we? yeah
711. maximum use of the property portfolio that they have it ' s the law so much for them being free the best thing is educa is the place that has two large erm lecture theatres and our student numbers haven ' t dropped so they have to rent back something the building that they have otherwise abandoned because our dean is now no longer there he ' s there i ' m in educa come next week
713. to be oh i think it did where i lived down on yeah? there used to be a terrible amount of litter about i forgot you lived down yeah oh yeah but that was er sort of a student area yeah you lived at the posh area though didn ' t you? huh? you lived down the posh area didn ' t you? the posh end well it was posher i know
714. they? yeah i had a actually i can show you i had erm sorry i ' ll put this down here i had a photo so i had to get a railcard oh right like a student thing and i took a passport photo and i thought oh my gosh i ' m looking thirty almost i really didn ' t like it at all god you he looks so like your father i do go
715. think i ' m definitely looking older you don ' t look anywhere near as in person as you do on that no i don ' t well mine is disgusting i ' ve got this one as my student id this one i must have taken a few years ago cos it ' s on my passport photo and everyone says that i look terribly aggressive in this photo and the guy that printed it off asked me

