Cluster 1
0. gonna be naked? no i ' m not gonna be naked i ' m just i ' m just well i would just like to go as a person not a a burlesque dancer but my friend who did the aerial hoop with me she ' s a burlesque dancer yuck i like burlesque dances shall we? if you find a if you find do you now? yes if you
3. didn ' t we? going round france apparently some people didn ' t even don ' t even understand the concept of a bra it was like oh okay boobs everywhere flopping around well ' s friend was in the apartment and she was wearing a t shirt and without a bra hers are down to her waist no they ' re not they are they are seriously and and you sat there and you thought what
5. s developed how the language has changed for for stupid people for stu it was for stupid people i think where ' s the numbers on this thing? something something like that some it or or with my friend she grew up in wales born in england grew up in wales moved there when she was seven and you know when you say i can ' t be arsed? as in arse she always thought up
8. i had a phone oh no i have a phone she doesn ' t have a phone because she ' s you know canadian yep erm mm time goes by about half an hour goes by and my friend who ' s been in brighton for the day obviously um from the village she ' s been in brighton all day gets off the train with her boyfriend and like we ' re having a gasbag i '
9. no idea where to start do you know? my my aunty found me when erm when erm my old mum fell out of er sec summertime mm erm i was living with my friend in barnsley and all my mum knew was she ' s in this village near barnsley and the name of the village yeah and so just turned up and started knocking on doors she didn ' t? yeah true
10. in the navy? oo i don ' t know what it was in i ' m sure oh no it ' s er cos you used to tell me that you and um you and a friend of yours oh yes but had er like a championship thing mm whist or bridge or? it wouldn ' t have been poker would it? no it was bridge mm didn ' t you used to
11. the two times we ' ve done it so far mum and dad have come and sort of we ' ve done it under mum ' s close supervision um but yeah this weekend we ' ve got a friend coming round and we have to do it ourselves i don ' t know how that ' s gonna work we ' ll be fine there ' s a hospital near us right? well you used to help me
12. ' s seat one for the driver ' s knees and then ones along the windows and where does where does the passengers sit? yeah on the roof um well we had er we gave my er a friend of mine from work a lift home yesterday cos he lives in um so we drove him from weston to and er we had his he ' s got a folding bike which just about goes in the car
13. they probably could but to be honest they don ' t deserve automatic promotion you want them to suffer a bit more i want them to suffer yeah before they go in yeah if my cousin my cousin er friend ' s cousin plays for reading oh yeah he does yeah doesn ' t he i remember that yeah yeah um so i said to him oh it looks like he ' s playing premiership football next season huh huh
14. going down again don ' t they yeah exeter yeah hopeless team aren ' t they and luton luton are not even in the playoffs now are they not? no they lost to braintree three one my friend said one of my friends said i didn ' t even know they had a team oh the shame of it the shame of it braintree essex isn ' t it mm in the south mm where ' s
21. then turn right onto those crossroads there ' s a massive well it ' s not massive it looks big from the outside but when you go in it ' s not very big er jazz club and my friend and i went to see mica paris last about this time last year but actually more like last march and you go in and there ' s a bar and then you go through and there ' s a
22. as far as turkey like ukraine even egypt you know mm you can get there for under two hundred quid you know mm you could probably even get to china for if you booked it right my a friend of mine found one to singapore ridiculous amount of changes but for two fifty mhm but if you ' re in america for me to fly to america mm i wouldn ' t i wouldn ' t really think
23. the way forward mm but um yeah so i called my mum so where were you living at this point? um this is when you ' ve moved out? it was when you were living at your friend ' s house? no i was still living at home then oh right er i didn ' t move out till probably about eight months later mm um and i called my mum and i was like oh guess
26. um and i didn ' t wanna cause too much of a stink cos i thought like yeah i know you ' re gonna get into trouble for this cos i know mm it was through a friend of ' s that i got that rate in the first place it should ' ve been forty quid more hm w er i can ' t see this this map mm maybe we should just put these in
28. being a lone back - packer or whatever cos they always deal with you first oh do they? cos yeah what they do oh i wanna remember who was telling me this someone ' s friend works at the airport it might ' ve been who i stay with in melbourne she was saying that when the volcano errupted and when the snow came you know er people are stranded what they do is
31. meet it ' s about whether you decide to grow your roots towards each other it it is a conscious decision a lot of it yeah i know that definitely when um it ' s quite interesting because my friend when i met her she was going out with um a chappy who was a bit older than her was older than her yeah you said um quite sort of sensible and then when she um started when she
34. you fat bitch no fuck off know my friend walk up to people in the street and like whip the doughnuts out of their hand you ' re too fat no more for you fatty well my friend who can relate is really fat like she probably fills her doorframe like she has an underactive thyroid so it ' s okay i don ' t mind her being fat what? what if i was to
45. all their life and paid taxes so i ' m just basically taking back what they ' ve paid yeah definitely yeah and like those are well you haven ' t though well we were talking to ' s friend she like she ' s from she lives in and like i dunno what ' s going on with her but she lived with her mum but i think her mum ' s moved in with her boyfriend it
46. moved to when she came for a year well she was on this bus to come for a couple of months and she ended up staying for the year she was like staying with like her mum ' s friend for a while which they lived like just outside so she just used to like commute in kind of thing but cos she worked in a cafe and she said basically that she like after like i think
47. cos she worked in a cafe and she said basically that she like after like i think it was like a week or something like that she had to leave because erm like her mum ' s friend er was having problems with her husband and they were like essentially like gonna get a divorce and stuff and she ' d found out like a load of stuff that he ' d been doing and things like that
49. so it was rearranged for the twenty - eighth of january right but it ' s been bought forward so the move is happening today yeah you ' re not gonna believe yes with his new lady friend yeah is moving into a house two doors away from ' s mum and dad and where do they live? where are her mum and dad? oh two doors away now it ' s either ta it '
50. being? erm you were asleep quite near the beginning of it so oh you ' ll want to we ' ll have to oh to watch it again is sure? what was the murder? his friend driven off the road oh i maybe saw all of that unless what did you start watching the second one? no i think i saw it all then no well no you want to sleep okay i can '
51. order fried fish? cuttlefish and chickpeas oh i ' d be surprised yeah that ' s the thing yeah i reckon the sun ' s gonna come out as well really? is our friend still there? no no he ' s probably cooking or in jail in jail too depressed how ' s the wine eh not as good as the it ' s no that ' s for sure yeah okay three
52. sat there discussing erm the fact that he hadn ' t done his homework for monday? yes yeah erm and he ' d got two lots of sociology homework so he ' d emailed his friend and yeah he ' s got the title of the essays now said well i ' m happy to write you a note to say you ' ve been on holiday because you ' re not allowed to i thought
53. gun crime back then cos i remember a lot of my friends that lived in the halls they said it was horrendous they were too scared to go out at night in the halls my friend lived in that flat didn ' t she on that flyover do you remember? when you ' re desperate a horrible place to be in halls there it ' s still horrible now isn ' t it?
54. ? oh wanted to did did she ever get to? no no we never went in the end oh oh actually no did she go and see it with somebody i think i think she went with a friend didn ' t she? there was one we were gonna go and see together and she just went on her own mm or with someone else that might be it mm mm mm there was an american tv programme
55. we ' re not quite yorkshire no people round here speak really like if you hear people on buses and stuff yeah speaks really slowly oh yeah yeah i dunno how you ' d get on with my friend she speaks like so fast you just can ' t understand what she ' s saying most of the time is sh does she speak in like a southern? er like well it ' s not southern it '
56. here are they people? yeah she ' d just had a baby baby is it on facebook? is there an ugly baby on facebook? yeah i don ' t know somewhere oh cos er my friend had a well she had a very cute baby three years ago yeah and it ' s face the most adorable baby you ' ll ever see she ' s so cute mm like just really pretty pretty baby mm
57. in the cambridge area just i d i think i might be aha i think you might be that i ' m just gonna send you a test text message because i ' m sending one to my friend earlier and it says currently unable to send your message why? why? message not sent mm view message and try again unable to send this message why? my phone ' s not sending messages is that co
58. thanks yeah nice yeah twat and they never once apologized i bet neither set of parents apologized um they just don ' t give a shit that i remember when we had a sixteenth birthday party and my friend had one and hotel in brighton and obviously we were sixteen so none of us should ' ve been drinking so the bar wasn ' t even open there was no one on the bar and her parents were upstairs
63. haven ' t got into this no i use your erm power of your fists dear come on a walnut is the most amazing nut you know isn ' t it? it ' s nice ' s friend is doing a phd up at yeah just a two one yeah seems a bit like any idiot can get a two one what did you get? two one there you go these burn beautifully yeah they do mm
64. wanna put some things away so out of the way all that meat we now break into erm for ' s next couple of meals say you didn ' t say who and are meeting up with a friend then erm i think is one and and his wife i think i don ' t know where no but erm i think that ' s well that ' s good if is actually doing a phd already
65. amazed that erm but such a sum was aaccepted straightaway without any sort of clearing or reference to someone else well we a we also met up up with and and ' s good friend who ' s the bank manager of the which is affiliated with ' s bank but carry on he ' s what? yeah sorry oh he ' s yeah oh yeah i was saying he was well i su
68. s what people say sometimes it ' s they all he ' s a really handsome son see lelet ' s let ' s say let ' s say if i was a woman and then my woman friend had like a child it ' d be oh he ' s so handsome i ' d say that even if he was not handsome at all just to be k nice and i and i know that that '
78. just trust like i don ' t know the skis that were on our legs like we were just oh my god it wa like you couldn ' t see anything it was horrible and then like my friend was like talking about this film that she watched where like they died on a mountain and i was like can you just stop please? like oh fucking hell and then we had to like ski down this mountain
79. ##er or something in the film wasn ' t it? like he had a cameo in the film yeah that song ' s called do the hippogriff oh god yeah it used to be my friend ' s favourite song that one do the like they could just like play the harry potter theme and we can just do that like or like er make a dubstep version oh god they have made a
80. just dances to that and gets absolutely drunk what? les mis? oh west end? like russell crowe like all the time yeah yeah it ' s a great film er it ' s really cool my friend ' s mum got group tickets like a group of eight so we got seats that were originally seventy pounds for four thirty when did you go and see it? in the summer who did you see as ep
83. never heard that one before er s you know the year she was in there she was in there with that hot spencer oh yeah and he ' s er he worked on the punts in ah my friend he ' s friends with my friend and er he was working the punts and he said oh er yeah i ' m i ' m working the punts in and she said oh where ' s?
85. think cos er australia if you you can only get a working visa for a year and if you spend three of those months doing rural work i e literally in the outback which is what my friend tasha did oh god you can be extended to two years and then after that you can apply for citizenship by asking your your company to sponsor you which is what she ' s done but rural work when she
86. yeah that ' s what i mean the colours have fared well considering how old it is but i ' ll need this one on my foot redoing mm was saying he ' s got a friend that ' ll redo it for me for free mm tut which considering it ' s that ' s what you want quite simple he ' s not gonna yeah he ' s just gotta colour it in
87. it it makes me ill mm mm mm you know if something makes you ill by law now if i come in here and i say i don ' t want any yeast in this mm mm my my friend ' s a chef and she ' s also a nutritionist mm but she said if you go somewhere and you say i can ' t tolerate yeast or i can ' t tolerate this and your ill they
88. they did they did they kept assuring me that it was yeast - free gluten - free but i don ' t know how they got it to taste like that mm mm mm because my friend who ' s a qualified chef and a nutritionist she can ' t get it to taste like that mm and it ' s not it ' s nothing like the texture mm i ' ve made it mm
89. know how to ski which obviously would have happened and as it was my first time and the first step was like sliding down a mountain for about fifty metres backwards going uuuaarh to my friend who was at the top and couldn ' t help me em yeah was there some sort of just very large shrug of like oh i don ' t know well basically i just didn ' t think i was
90. playpen balls you ' ve got to scoop out clean individually yeah oh yeah clean every single hose down got your toothbrush out you know no cos cleaning ball pits is genuinely quite difficult my my friend had a ball pit eh for a while in her room and and they do get just cos they get they get they get quite dirty em and em yeah you also end up losing a lot of stuff
91. you will finding them about your person for the next week oh god yeah and the the next da the the the next day like we were all just there it was it was quite it was like my friend ' s twenty - first birthday party and em eh so we all woke up the next day quite hung - over there was like we were sleeping in a in a different house and just like the polysty
92. performance em and that ' s what i kind of go for did you see that thing about meeting dara o ' briain yeah it was weird yeah i was just going to say yeah our friend met dara o ' briain she went in the pub? in the isle of man? with her friend and who was like oh dara ' s just texted me he ' s coming down
93. briain yeah it was weird yeah i was just going to say yeah our friend met dara o ' briain she went in the pub? in the isle of man? with her friend and who was like oh dara ' s just texted me he ' s coming down we have no further details than that yeah and then it was like go she got back from the pub and then she
94. ' s coming down we have no further details than that yeah and then it was like go she got back from the pub and then she said something like oh yeah i was at the pub with my friend like my friend and no was that? i don ' t know i think it was a different i think it was work whoever she is right and friend dara came along from mock the week and was
96. oh yeah i was at the pub with my friend like my friend and no was that? i don ' t know i think it was a different i think it was work whoever she is right and friend dara came along from mock the week and was like oh wow the isle of man? the isle of man yeah well this is it he he goes there to get away like you know he goes to
97. ' briain or are you three? two well if she ' s met him two well is it meet or know well? she ' s probably scared him off that works quite a lot a friend of mine met dara o ' briain just like he was just walking around a market i think and went you ' re dara o ' briain and he went yes and they and
98. was a bit dull actually i y you would have to you can ' t do that like em in one stint yeah because it would for one thing actually require very significant physical fitness well yeah well my friend my friend did it and he was like kinda physical phy it it was weird and i was like physically fit and so was he but he was destroyed because of some he had crazy like sort of chest
100. i probably wouldn ' t do it again unless it was the same price or less alright okay or free basically yeah yeah i mean i did paintballing as well wi it was actually with the same friend who was into these sort of things obviously but em we went paintballing and you never really understand quite how painful it is to actually have a paintballs especially like most of its kind of okay because
101. top of your head yeah i got a green paintball sk it like skimmed over but enough to explode and like cover the top of my head with green paint esp especially your because me and my friend we were like sixteen and completely stupid we mostly just like we we kind of like picture of stupid video game addicted kids who thought like you know we played a lot which was like a first - person shooter
102. a car with an instructor or you ' re not no already passed you know so you should get it in erm the us of a i know just go there you just pitch up drive about my friend at university just went to a one horse town in the very north of sweden she couldn ' t drive to save her life i remember you saying how bad she was it was crazy and she just er more
108. came out on saturday because i think people kind of don ' t really understand the importance of actually having friends definitely like i erm it was really good actually like my housemate and like my best friend from school we obviously live together and like i we ' re having a girls ' night next friday we ' re going into town we ' re going out to dinner and she ' s going out into town
114. erm it ' s probably the easiest way is gosh it ' s dark over there isn ' t it? erm you go do you know where the humanities editors are? just i my friend ' s a publishing assistant for humanities i know where she sits like in the corner so if you go so le erm right down there and it ' s just on the left yeah oh okay okay we
115. or who come from other countries but i guess that ' s probably a thing anyway isn ' t it yeah so mm yeah they are quite varied because i ' ve got a i ' ve got one friend who speaks english as her first language but she ' s indian so she yeah yeah has a particular sort of pronunciation and i ' ve got another friend who is serbian who speaks english as a second language yeah
116. i ' ve got a i ' ve got one friend who speaks english as her first language but she ' s indian so she yeah yeah has a particular sort of pronunciation and i ' ve got another friend who is serbian who speaks english as a second language yeah and we ' ve got quite a few people from it ' s like it ' s obviously quite difficult thing like the british national corpus because you know
117. are alright they alright erm ha ha they sorted it erm like people who listen to the archers but on like iplayer because they missed it at the time or whatever i ' ve got a friend who has got who sets her alarm on sunday mornings so that just in time for the archers and then the alarm clock turns on with the archers wow that ' s dedication that is dedication so yeah but it
118. know miss the jokes and what ' s going on in the world but don ' t draw attention to yourself and don ' t be part of it mm mm yeah so it would change your relationships my friend at university once changed my facebook status to oh i ' ve just won two thousand pounds on a scratch card what your status? yeah fb it me and i i just got a strange number of texts
122. for sure? yeah it was a sunday i don ' t remember what did y what did you do what was so good? erm well we ' d gone out the night before me and my friend and we had a really fun night and then we woke up and thick thick white snow we just went to like the bakery and had a little snowball fight and then erm walked we just had loads
124. s a business basically selling products in london erm and it ' s a potential to expand it to an even larger if you if you create more chains basically and it ' s it ' s a friend of your father ' s who you do trust has told you that this might happen that this could happen but there is a slight risk obviously and you so you ' d leave a a levels so you '
127. who was accused of um assault on a tourist um they ' ve supposed to have throw him over a sea wall and he ended up paralysed oh my life but he was arrested he and his friend were arrested but the descriptions that the victim gave of the people who attacked him was nothing like these two so they were allowed to go now there ' s been this european arrest warrant from portugal saying even though
130. ##z? cos i have a cousin once removed ha my brother ' s locked out of the house that ' s nice does that mean you have to go home? no he can go round a friend ' s house he can go to his girlfriend ' s have you seen her then? she ' s called oh that ' s not good oh she sounds that ' s not a good start yeah i i
131. she did forensics i think yeah so i think that was a good place for that particular course oh okay so there ' s that story about a guy who was doing the forensics course in a friend of a friend in uni and on the last day of term the lecturer asked him to take the they get one cadaver every year yeah take the remnants of everything that we haven ' t used it
132. ##s i think yeah so i think that was a good place for that particular course oh okay so there ' s that story about a guy who was doing the forensics course in a friend of a friend in uni and on the last day of term the lecturer asked him to take the they get one cadaver every year yeah take the remnants of everything that we haven ' t used it chuck it in
133. take the they get one cadaver every year yeah take the remnants of everything that we haven ' t used it chuck it in the incinerator so he gives this bag to this guy called a friend of a friend he takes like this hessian bag to the incinerator yeah curiosity gets the better of him and he opens it up and he has a look inside and he sees have i told you
135. a fiver? well they put well people run events for us and raise money and er yeah i think it was the woman that owns a shop was running the event and i think it was their friend yes the trouble is if you if you raise some money for everybody thinks that are running it when in fact it ' s probably just the uhu individuals individuals who are saying we ' ll raise some money
136. through it well there was yeah but i think you ' d be looking around seven hundred and fifty or something for your annual accounts with all that included for the for the year but because i remember my friend did er like work experience in an accountants and they just used to they ' d literally be in an office and say oh we don ' t really like him that much put another three hours of work onto
140. bug inside me yeah must ' ve done yeah? ready to come out yeah so and also music so when i left bt right took took a redundancy i basically started a recording project with a friend of mine so did you? started singing song writing producing my own recording studio one record yeah oh my god i was this in the nineties? early nineties? er it ' s a kind of
141. go like places where they have like animals and stuff and to go and monkeys like yeah like safari or i just think going like snorkelling off the great barrier reef would be unbelievable like my friend lives in australia now and the photos that she has she went somewhere for easter and i was just like oh my god i don ' t know where she was staying it was amazing well i ' d go
142. i ' d be like oh i thii think i ' m alright sitting here and he ' d be like ah sure now would you like let me tell you that i have a l young lady friend now at the at the grocer ' s now and when i go and buy my fruit and vegetables i have this little joke and i put in a little i put a twenty eur twenty euro
143. top oh god and i ' m like oh right thanks very much and like and did like when you make a really quick escape and then a couple of days later he did the same thing to my friend my friend who was oh man this was before turned up er and she like and then he did it to? no he wasn ' t interested in erm but yeah and like and she like was wearing
144. god and i ' m like oh right thanks very much and like and did like when you make a really quick escape and then a couple of days later he did the same thing to my friend my friend who was oh man this was before turned up er and she like and then he did it to? no he wasn ' t interested in erm but yeah and like and she like was wearing like ah
147. ve been here when i lived down one winter that the water froze in the teapot did it? went to make a cup of tea it started blooming lump of ice in there oh dear a friend of ours up the road there they er they went away for the weekend and come back and like all the ice the h the house had frozen up really? yeah and when it thawed out mm the
148. so it was nice to catch up with her yesterday that ' s nice pictures of her cats and how they ' ve grown that ' s nice that ' s which is lovely erm yeah and another friend from erm celta also joined us she ' s just back from a trip to italy it seems polish people all seem to go to italy and go skiing yeah so yeah well good on them erm
149. ? or i ' m looking forward to mm cos it just doesn ' t exist yeah yeah er and you ' re on a completely different time frame er you know and i sort of texted my friend and sh like oh i ' m just you know in what are you doing there? during the week? it ' s like well sunday afternoon i was like oh of course oh so it is yeah yeah
150. woodwork that explains it what? i was like well i ' m so sorry that i ' m in a different country goodbye don ' t contact me again i had a message today from an ex friend who i hadn ' t spoken to in a while it ' s actually well a sort of friend this is who lives in australia and i went and stayed with him a little bit in twenty thirteen uhu
152. want you to visit me or you know mm go to other bits of australia it ' s a large country yeah yeah yeah erm yeah he he just what happened? oh that ' s right my friend in northern ireland is ' s ex they ' re ex boyfriends mm and ' s mum was dying and has now died but she had cancer and was very sick and was messaging this is while we were
153. even crossed my mind erm and he said words to the effect of if you ' re such a cheapskate you ' re refusing to go and buy a bunch of flowers to give to a friend in need whose mum ' s died then you ' re no friend of mine oh my god like what? what a drama queen so this is all on whatsapp erm or viber or whatever
157. not bless him at all i didn ' t realise they were even having exams i thought oh terrible mother so how did you find out? i was he was going to erm he went to a friend ' s house to watch the england match on monday and i was picking up another couple of lads and taking them with me and they were talking about it in the back of the car oh my goodness me
158. i ' m gonna do i ' ve decided i think is i ' m gonna give it all up giving up biscuits cake and all the rest of it but if i get together like this with a friend and you have a cup of coffee it ' s okay to have a piece of cake or a biscuit yes cos otherwise it just gets cos it doesn ' t happen that often just gets life
159. a food festival oh food in oh that ' s better had two cups of coffee christmas festival oh my goodness you ' ll be on your holidays for your christmas this year oh yeah how ' s your friend?? mm i was trying to arrange to go down and see her but i haven ' t managed to she ' s excuse me she ' s okay but you know she was you know they they finished
161. i was saying the other day about buying that bottle of gin for mm like i dunno that ' s more money than i would spend on like i don ' t think i ' ve bought my friend a present ever for her birthday you know yeah er i dunno it just happens like that sometimes doesn ' t it? yeah oh who ' s that flapping? that looks like a sparrowhawk or
163. ' s say yeah remind me about that cos i haven ' t written that down and i haven ' t set mm an alarm reminder on my phone and yeah i was talking with a hippie friend about this it does seem that when you practise living in your now moment your memory turns to shit i guess you kind of forget uhu what somebody told you in some other now moment which is
164. are you adding in the meantime? erm not adding so much because of i guess because of technology i was just thinking that yeah there is less stuff like that around yeah people write to me my friend writes to me he gave me for christmas like a five - page letter written on a typewriter ah and that ' ll go in the box er but you know stuff and it ' s not necessarily s
165. ready for me to look now? it ' s not bleeding or anything that one ' s pretty bad at the front ooh that one ' s like half a tooth did i tell you that my friend ' s got shark teeth? she had to have some teeth pulled and there was a whole other line of teeth that came down that grew down into her adult teeth and they did an x - ray of
168. because of her drug addict that ' s why she ' s so slim brilliant i could do that i could do that yeah let ' s get a party going then get the lines on my em a friend of mine started having speed for breakfast i think i don ' t know if she ' s still doing it as a lifestyle choice? just for fun? shits and giggles? just to lose weight so
170. the first one wait until i see her why? i want to say oi you spy just don ' t say it in a start egging her windows why? ha ha that ' s my friend ' s little girl ah she looks like funny that she is so cute how does this work? they ' re growing aren ' t they? yeah are you just flicking them? yep you should stick them
171. of stayed up for a little bit actually was up i don ' t know why she was up cos we normally go to bed at ten thirty but she was still up at midnight mm and her friend pulled out so she ' s on her own all weekend so i feel a little bit bad about that well you shouldn ' t feel bad because erm you er aren ' t the one who ' s
172. own all weekend so i feel a little bit bad about that well you shouldn ' t feel bad because erm you er aren ' t the one who ' s let her down it ' s her friend who has yeah and i mean she went home when i er she left me on my own for a few days didn ' t she when she came out she ' ll be fine she ' s got plenty
183. there ' s something about like young kids and horror films isn ' t there? oh i hated it for some reason like like sort of ten year - olds really like eighteen rated films i had this friend called nicki who lived just like so w on the estate that i lived on like oh hear we go alright that ' s the end of that story no no no only joking only joking only joking only
185. them to it ' s not sales really it ' s about oh it ' s about that ' s what she does oh does she? yeah oh that ' s got not the same one as my friend works at because she does like it ' s like er you know like councils? and they they get people to erm pay their council tax and stuff so they get on oh right it ' s like
186. you were three when you moved here you ' re southern i was five oh five okay where did you move from? erm the philippines the philippines? yeah whereabouts? manila so the capital yeah my friend was she lived there for three years manila she was an expat there scared scary place for driving at least shshe was fine cos she she worked for a do you wanna do your forms
192. right uncle oh did he? did he not tell you the story behind it? no he i thought maybe grandad had bought it for him a while back no no no erm him and a friend er went to an auction at of electrical actually it was mainly sort of like radios and things like that cb radios and that because they ' re both into mm cbs yeah is it cbs that was the old
193. that she was doing like lancashire lancashire dialect stuff where ' s that then? in australia? in huddersfield ah huddersfield? and um said she was doing like yorkshire stuff australia and then he said ah me friend did a phd on whatever and um and he w and i so i replied and said like ah it ' s good to know that my like ten years in my eight years at university didn ' t go
197. for another one and then after a year or something they would say oh i see so it ' s so it ' s kind of an extended interview? yeah but i mean i ' ve got a friend who ' s she left she finished her degree like two years ago maybe and she ' s now on trials for about six orchestras so philharmonic and stuff and she does concerts here and there but like it could
200. got caught in the rough even slightly yeah i er i i thrashed at the grass a little bit made quite a few divots the putter was probably irreparably broken although my friend one time actually did manage to break a golf club we were at the driving range in er wait was it it was we were either we were basically we were somewhere we either did a nine hole course at
201. re rich they don ' t care about the person how shallow what a shame it ' s just isn ' t it really well i i know there ' s a few unfortunately there ' s one girl friend of mine who ' s actually cos she is quite a friend of mine but she ' s but she before i knew her i have to say she actually targeted a guy who was wealthy married him and
203. well there there you go yes erm i think i have to re - join this erm talking about researchers cos i ' ve i ' ve let me send you that yeah a quite close friend of mine at the moment is doing the research for a film they ' re gonna make about an american company is gonna make about the roots of reggae music so er what a documentary or a? yeah no
204. ' s ear have they? do you know to be honest i couldn ' t tell you because when i got home yesterday cos i ' d made plans to go over and see an old school friend oh so then i had to tell her that i was going to be later than erm what i was gonna be there originally so by the time i got home last night oh driving home from in the
205. s what i said and she said oh no okay no dogs mm and they ' ve they ' ve taken that dog away have they? yeah yeah it ' s apparently it ' s gone to a friend ' s but you know you don ' t know for how long and stuff huh and i know if they have a playgroup they ' d lock the dog away but yeah but you can ' t keep
207. as she ' s not home yet mm very comfort loving puss baby oh very yeah mm she ' s just so sweet mm mm last summer honestly this is a true story yeah no last christmas my friend came to stay yeah and mum said how how ' s your family? and she got really upset do you remember? and my friend started crying and leapt off the sofa and went and sat on her lap
209. ' t know how strong it is so it could be really strong it could blind you yeah cos that ' s what they say about moonshine isn ' t it? cos i remember my friend at university made some moonshine and i told dad and he said you could go blind moonshine what is it? i remember i don ' t know how you make moonshine but it ' s with
210. laptop? no i ' ve never owned a laptop only had a static computer oh like a desktop mm mm and the so what what what prompted you? well it ' s erm well er my friend ' s partner erm you know i was asking him about getting a laptop and he said he well he had one that he wasn ' t using mm that was only a year old so but you first
211. that ' s right mm if you can do it erm it ' s kind of about but so the new one is brand shiny and well what happened was he the house got broken into and your friend ' s house a friend ' s house about a year and a half ago and you ' ve got a laptop from them right okay it all becomes clear and erm the insurance paid for a you know
212. if you can do it erm it ' s kind of about but so the new one is brand shiny and well what happened was he the house got broken into and your friend ' s house a friend ' s house about a year and a half ago and you ' ve got a laptop from them right okay it all becomes clear and erm the insurance paid for a you know a replacement ah yeah and
213. the barbecue that we had though mm we had a barbecue and there was no ketchup no ketchup like the condiments were all just missing oh and it was er i think our friend who had been staying around like she just like she just drinks ketchup that is like the sad thing about condiments and we we had had like this enormous thing and it was just yeah gone
214. anyway like yeah yeah you ' re right well the last one i had was rather was really nice though if you have frozen stuff in it as well that doesn ' t quite yeah go through yeah my friend ' s been on erm this thing called soylent i don ' t know if you ' ve heard about it? it it ' s very very soily soylent? named after soylent green
218. enjoying myself there were women there was dancing of course there was i ' m les les vegas vegas i happen to have a camera it happened to have a long distance lens mm hm i saw my good friend valen valentino and you think that i ' m just the mood took me if you go was giuseppe there? i pf can ' t remember it was all a little bit of a blur to
221. but the problem is it ' s in holland and he said his friends bought one and sailed it back across the channel it ' s only like sixty miles right it ' s all very doable my friend um tut is a t social worker type person but he works for himself uh - huh runs a company that takes on kids that have been expelled from school so you ' re gonna get some chavs
222. tokyo straight all the way round to new york oh my god horrendous yeah that ' s ridiculous so it ' s gonna take tw yeah like twenty hours or something cos when my friend uh lived in new zealand she tried all different routes like cos new zealand ' s like practically as far away as you can get so yeah she did like cape town to new zealand and er you know
223. ' s crying at this stage oh huh and then tried again and the same thing happened oh my god like j kept dropping out of the air and some guy said to the air stewardess oh my friend ' s er really really scared of flying can you just get him a drink from the bar? like just to steady his nerves no not even don ' t worry the pilot knows what he ' s doing
228. my erm friend is having a party tonight for her twenty - first and i just yeah i w i said to her i ' d go for an hour yeah you can just pop in it ' s not too far is
229. years and erm it was just nice i was just on the sofa blanket and ah a glass of red wine so it was really lovely yeah ah that ' s nice yeah i just erm my friend text me was like we should go out celebrating i was like i feel really lame but all i want to do is just like and i think cos er were here today i just wanted to like mm
230. the bathroom and stuff and she ' d be and and cleaning up all the time you know so must run in our sort of family yeah yeah mm well that that that ' s surprising even ' s friend his wife go at it as well yeah yeah she she she used to be on the way to getting bad but he caught her or he forced her to get it seen to before that went too far you
234. with white chocolate? blueberry and white chocolate that ' s good yeah erm oh also you can put anything in them really just the batter and just put an whatever you like fruit jam nuts my friend my american friend loves making muffins oh every time we go round he makes blueberry muffins or something they ' re very good everything ' s set up in my flat now thank you again
235. ? blueberry and white chocolate that ' s good yeah erm oh also you can put anything in them really just the batter and just put an whatever you like fruit jam nuts my friend my american friend loves making muffins oh every time we go round he makes blueberry muffins or something they ' re very good everything ' s set up in my flat now thank you again for everything like
237. ' s got a van this time because of the type of work work he ' ll be doing so of course he ' s he wanted the car today his work he ' s been working for his friend just helping him out erm and that all went pear - shaped today so he came in erm and he ' s gone he was going over to see my brother so he had to go to to
238. out erm and that all went pear - shaped today so he came in erm and he ' s gone he was going over to see my brother so he had to go to to get his friend to drop him off in wellingborough to get the car from ' s work to go to my brothers to sort that out so that he could then come back to pick to come to work and drop
239. like this is broken then it just you know some company comes round a government agency and fixes it rather than you having to do that yourself cos you get people as well that i had a friend that got a mortgage and he had their house flooded in america and he ' s just got the house and then the house flooded like there was a freak weather accident in in nashville or tennessee and just lump
240. freak weather accident in in nashville or tennessee and just lumped them with masses and masses of debt just mm they weren ' t to know that that was going to happen it seemed very unfortunate well my friend exactly the same she lives in wellingborough and erm she ' s just moved in with her partner now and he daughter ' s been living in her house that she had that she split with her
241. think i ' d want her to do my hair because she hasn ' t and and that but told me this don ' t say i haven ' t said this to anyone cos i but her friend works in one of the salons in high street i don ' t can ' t remember which one mm so a couple of people have been in and asked them to sort out oh god hair that has
242. in london so hm have they joined the gym? yeah i know i i don ' t know what i think one of them goes to her boyfriend ' s and the other one probably goes to a friend ' s but or they ' ve just been having cold showers i don ' t know it ' s not typical i e it ' s not typical it ' s not what am i talking about? it
243. here at mi we arrived in lon at lon in london woah prepositions um in london at midnight then we slept for like a few hours and then we drove up and then my friend who lives in didn ' t wanna drive to so she dumped me at a station at like eight in the morning and i ended up missing all of my classes oh no and i was just like oh mate
244. moment yeah i know i ' m living in a third world country right now like little republic of third world yes that ' s and did you see anything nice? or buy anything nice? oh my friend wanted to go se the whole reason she wanted to go was to go shopping uh - huh in the souqs and the markets have you ever been? no i planned a trip to go but
245. was to go shopping uh - huh in the souqs and the markets have you ever been? no i planned a trip to go but um i planned a trip to go with my best friend who i um was working at the same place with and at the last moment they told us that we weren ' t allowed to take holiday at the same time what? i know oh that sucks we '
246. the east coast go to ous ouasidi er oualidia? mm can ' t remember it was like twelve years ago oh yeah i dunno about travelling there i went with a female friend and we just she didn ' t get hassled for some strange reason i got hassled but it was not i mean like my friend who i went with has been to tunisia and said that
247. dunno about travelling there i went with a female friend and we just she didn ' t get hassled for some strange reason i got hassled but it was not i mean like my friend who i went with has been to tunisia and said that that ' s much worse so i get i understand that what i went through was not that bad compared to other countries but i still don ' t
248. twenty - seven countries and there is like another fifteen that i really want to go to i was like oh maybe one a year is my aim at the moment to tick a new country off oh my friend ' s just been to burma and it looks amazing amazing she had such a fantastic time she really made an effort to meet peop meet locals and yeah and do local things things as opposed to touristy
249. wanna go to china um i ' m sort of hoping while i ' m in japan cos i ' m going for quite a long time that we can manage like a week trip i have a friend that lives in shanghai with his girlfriend and they have a big apartment and they ' ve said that we can go stay with them so cool i ' m sort of hoping that it might happen but it '
250. other your fellow students doing? most people are not doing teaching related projects oh okay because there ' s actually only five applied linguistics people there ' s a huge number of critical discourse in communication like my friend that you met earlier um and there ' s quite a lot of tefl people but they ' re doing very tefly things mm like how does this affect a classroom? or i dunno i don
251. but did they do well? well they passed they passed? they passed a masters level assignment i think passing well i don ' t know to be honest because i proofread s one of my friend ' s papers and she failed two papers and when i started reading it i thought why has she failed? it ' s not that bad but when i got into it structurally mm and content wise she didn
252. block it now straight away yeah block yeah yeah and you can block them and tell them that it ' s oh yeah yyeah wrong or inappropriate and then they can look into it as well my friend had something really mild actually blocked on there was a status about something really i don ' t know just i can ' t remember what they said now i don ' t know if it was about a politician
253. and then you roller paint it over to seal it mm and then you can stencil it this is what this is what she ' s doing at the moment up in the you know with her friend oh right is stencilling this stuff for an art project right? yeah but she said you know mm or even doing it with silkscreening you could just silkscreen it all the way up
258. going she wants to come out when you go mm but she doesn ' t know well obviously none of us know and i said well she ' s got all of july if she wanted to take a friend out yeah just when everyone ' s out there then yeah so she could out there nice weather but she wasn ' t sure what we were doing so i think she was waiting to see is it thomson or
259. s not great no colchester sorry the leonardo da vinci thing oh yeah yeah i went to italy for three months oh nice yes where in italy did you go? i went to padova oh yeah my friend actually lives there oh really? yeah yeah yeah it was this like three month leonardo da vinci thing where you had to like sort of um work experience in a firm and then language lessons and stuff um ah
260. and fucking mental yeah cos mental yep cos they ' re trained to like forget about pain cos they obviously have to run around with like thirteen stone packs on their backs and yeah mm my friend ' s er married to one fire guns in people ' s face mm he ' s a bit weird although he couldn ' t drink for shit he used to come out with us at uni couldn '
262. buy drinks for people who are in eyeshot of the bar so you can ' t be like buying drinks for sixteen year olds basically that ' s no fun yeah i ' m buying it for my friend she ' s over there just point at someone and be like that i ' m buying it for them it ' s her and then get them to wave at you ah yeah it was it was weird but
265. told me to do it and i don ' t really like star wars but i did it erm erm i i forgot the reason why i did it but there actually there was a reason my friend told me to do it for this reason yeah and then erm this thing had like a time period and he ' s like right so you ' re you ' re going to you ' re going to
268. but i know what you want to do but i kind of i kind of feel bad though cos i get the feeling sometimes i don ' t know cos i ' ll be like ah my friend ' s just sent me this and she ' s like oh who ' s that ' s? it ' s like as in who sent you it? and i ' m like oh no she she '
273. times a night you have operation on a penis you can ' t get a boner for a long time you get a boner four times a night? actually seven on average seven on average my friend had a circumcision in the summer holiday and the surgery went wrong twice how old was he? my age shit what? emergency emergency circumcision why emergency? did he rip it?
274. cardboard like tube and shoved it up his arse and put a hamster through it a tiny little tube armageddon armageddon and the hamster obviously wouldn ' t come out so his friend who he was doing this with lit a match at the end of the like toilet roll thinking that the light would bring out the hamster but it invited a pocket of gas in his intestines and
279. no there he is have you read anything since erm like since you haven ' t had to do any work? no i really wanna finish erm this book i started reading over easter er my friend got it for my birthday er and i just wanna finish it but i just haven ' t got round to actually starting it and what ' s which one is it? er the liar by stephen fry oh
282. kitchen and the living room is all one room and you just got one bit where the bathroom goes off it ' s ridiculous isn ' t it? that ' s it so expensive yeah and students my friend in london is paying seven fifty each and they got like a fifteen hundred pound apartment nothing plush just two bedrooms in london it ' s horrendous prices yeah i couldn ' t believe how much it
283. be like that and er cos i you know like you say old people are always saying what ' s been wrong with them yeah when they went to the doctor ' s and well i got this friend who i first met years ago when he bought ' s house in woman and he ' s a doctor and she ' s a doctor and er also we got on really well with them you know and er
284. commonly he would do he ' s at the hospital yeah or well had a b he had a on the back did he? yeah oh oh he had a round the corner when when erm our friend who ' s up in and i meet he he you know? and then you can have him mm but they hate each other well i don ' t like him but i ' m not you know yeah
286. was at the so mm is there one before that then? could we find one that name on the unusual name? yes that was ninety eighteen ninety - one eighteen ninety - one well that that photographer friend of mine mm he was in like yeah and the way they log em and all of that er it ' s got to be yeah think it was something there and the next day you know so i rang
287. useful in terms of his cartoon career? he ' s got a nice face and it ' ll sell books well that is actually true a pretty face does help to sell books did you know that my friend was originally a cartoonist? no mm oh by the way mum i want to make up how to make a style er a millennium falcon bed and then do it a millennium falcon bed? yes like an actual
288. time to speak to her later but we ' re not so when i be thirty years old travel the world stop it and we ' ll still we ' ll see and we ' re gonna see my friend who is lovely but you haven ' t read any of her books yet ooh she sounds sweet and she yes she does sound sweet good good pun there erm perhaps you could get some candies for
289. ' t any lactose in candy is there? no in chocolate yes but there isn ' t necessarily in candy we could make her some sweets that say candy and i was gonna say to you my friend has is there ' s a book being published in the summer called mumnesia and you are going to love it what is it about? it is about a mum a girl and a mum and they lose
290. them did you just drink that? yeah i accidently on new year drunk a half pint there was like this buffet and i had like a pint glass and i was so drunk that my friend just kept putting the buffet in it and i never realised what was the buffet? like sausage rolls and like like food and stuff little put booze in it yeah true it doesn ' t even have a
291. he ' s just bad a business and no one likes him oh shit so he basically anyway but he was having like this affair with like a couple of women in the village ah yeah and then my friend was staying at this woman ' s house and we went over to the house and had a does know about it yeah knows about it and she doesn ' t care as do you no she doesn ' t
292. a does know about it yeah knows about it and she doesn ' t care as do you no she doesn ' t care like well he ' s not married to her mum but erm but my friend was staying in the woman who he was having an affair with ' s house and it ' s in the middle of a field and then i like outed it to the whole village cos they '
293. in to complaining these days i ' ve like turned and basically i bought an ice cream the other day and it was really nice and didn ' t want it yeah no i didn ' t and my friend got the same ice cream and got loads of pistachios on it and i moaned and they overheard me moaning and they ' re like do you have a problem? i i like really i was
295. legally it ' s gonna be crazy when can you drink legally in like i can drink in in the next couple of months oh man it was so funny when we was we were hanging out with my friend in erm and he ' s like we ' d hung out with a couple of times in and erm and anyway he ' s like my age or a bit older or whatever and erm and
297. ' t not can ' t look not drunk yeah it ' s like in his eyes erm actually on that very same weatherspoons when i was leaving to go to i was like with my friend and she got id ' d and the guy was like she was like i ' m twenty - five or something like that and then the bouncer goes do you expect me to believe that? and she
300. the street and eating lunch of like a crate or something and it ' s like excellent table manners you know like s like generous did i tell you that i think i did tell you erm my friend his uncle who went moved to got a wife yeah this is funny and he brought his wife back to like introduced her to her family like she knew some english and stuff and then he went back to and
301. they ' ve basically like e pretty much every other country in the world has signed like all these conventions about like using mercenary forces apart from the uk and the us yes i like my mum has a friend who used to be a abc correspondent for middle east and had all these connections and was friends with people like imran khan and we like go to lunch at his house there ' s always like mercenaries and
302. liked it i hear it ' s really good to go like yachting in like i really would like yeah my friends they did that in but they don ' t really know how to sail but my friend she erm forged a boat license on photoshop and they rented out like a cos they ' re like quite good at computers then and then rented out a erm like two million euro yacht and
303. i can ' t actually no i can do j k l m n o p i can ' t start at like what ' s after v? w mm what? you know how i persuaded my friend? no but he he hasn ' t really been to the countryside erm i think he had a video of reindeer at christmas market and i told him that there was actually those were horses with things stuck
306. but then he had like a really good job at and a really good job at like some other like 3d motion company but what happened to those? well it ' s since transpired that actually his friend this guy ' s is basically like just like a whizz kid at code and he just got the jobs and ' s just like the guy that knows a abut about everything but doesn ' t
307. to do something i do it like and i do it well like on my own stuff it ' s like fine i think it ' s happened before like i did a photo shoot and i got a friend and like somebody who was like i really thought was going to be great and he just did like an awful job really? we can never use the photos so for some reason i just things go wrong when
310. hours that have been spent playing world of warcraft oh my god it ' s like i can ' t remember how much it is but it ' s like something like sixty thousand years or something my friend went to like well not my friend my brother ' s friend went to like to just before christmas like go somewhere on like a gap trip gap year trip to for like two months gap trip and he said
312. god it ' s like i can ' t remember how much it is but it ' s like something like sixty thousand years or something my friend went to like well not my friend my brother ' s friend went to like to just before christmas like go somewhere on like a gap trip gap year trip to for like two months gap trip and he said they came back and they all got really obsessed with erm
316. that one cos that would be so cool yeah if they send me off to like five stars hotels at that oh my god do you know what my mum in the world across the world has a friend that does that and she ' s done it for a long time yeah and erm yeah and she goes everywhere like five stars hotels i ' d love that yeah like actually really good money too like they
320. bus stop anyways oh my goodness it was so awful and then we got into the cab yeah i was sick oh my god i vomited in my in my mouth and i was looking at my friend and i was pleading with her to look at me but obviously i can ' t say cos everything would come out so i was just looking at her and erm the the cab driver was like is
321. was pleading with her to look at me but obviously i can ' t say cos everything would come out so i was just looking at her and erm the the cab driver was like is your friend okay? and she was like erm yeah she ' s fine and i wasn ' t i had to swallow the vomit twice oh that sounds gross it was so disgusting and then i couldn ' t hold
322. t work there was all the bars in were dead so we went to and the only bar that we liked we got to the door the music was alright there was so much people though erm my friend she gave the man her id so he could scan it and it came up eighteen x and i was like oh no the machine ' s broke and he said sorry you ' re under age it ' s
323. like clubbing no i don ' t like saturday clubbing yeah i don ' t like that place either yeah saturday clubbing is not fun and it ' s expensive yeah last on saturday we my friend and they were like and where are you going? oh and like we were asking what are you doing on valentine ' s day? he was like ah i ' ll probably just stay in and i was
324. yeah i have to watch it that sucks doesn ' t it? yeah it really does like why ' d they do that? it ' s not clear my hotspot was oh perfect like my friend ' s hers is still like unlimited oh really? cos i remember using last year in halls yeah and so whenever she turns her hotspot on my laptop automatically connects now really? i remember co
325. them it was all like very posh people very very rich wealthy people which hadn ' t which and then we had to run away through the forests in our teams and i was like and even your friend from school? was there as well and we kept on saying to her run run and she and she had to keep running with us sounds a bit scary to me and then we got to the school and
326. got unless you can find a programme on the internet you know just like a not a photoshop you know where you can take a photo of your work send it to so t send it to your friend next to you on email and you can draw all over it but then mm what ' s the point? then you ' re doing exactly the same as using a pen mm mm anyway where are we?
327. never seen you erm dressed like that before i bought a new jumper this one? this one yeah it ' s nice seven ninety - nine where? h and m my frie i saw my friend the other day yeah you look like an h and m catalogue shut up you didn ' t i need to get some clothes man it ' s a bit sad yeah i do too i just er it actually
328. reason and like it was just really painless they had the stuff that i wanted and it was just over quickly er but i haven ' t been to h and m in years but i saw my friend the other day and she had a jumper and i was like oh i wish i had a jumper i wish i had a jumper and then i was like texted her i was like where ' d you get
329. cos it ' s a luxury i dunno how clean my room is though erm but tomorrow there ' s someone else staying at hotel who? your mum? who ' s that? my friend from oh right yeah cool you can stay here if you want yeah? yeah who kicked me out of his apartment i forgive you? no no but that ' s not how it ' s spelt on
330. s good though cos it means it ' s harder to track you down that ' s why because when used to play shows in cos sometimes it happens to people when they suspect them like my friend ' s a dj he went to and they ' re like what are you doing? he ' s like vacation and then they just like was thought he was a bit shady so they just googled him
332. was walking around and and then you thought i wanna buy something and then i thought i c wanna buy a jumper yeah that ' s very nice cos it ' s cold yeah and i saw my friend the other day she had a nice jumper so i texted her i was like where did you get that jumper? she was like h and m like sweet go h and m got four jumpers you bought
333. the summer i ' m gonna wear that crop top that er i found which one? the t shirt? yeah you should wear it take it to nah not in not in ah i got another my friend from the girl that we picked up in the bar i told you about oh yeah she erm sh what what did she say? i messaged her she ' s like yeah my friend ' s coming
334. another my friend from the girl that we picked up in the bar i told you about oh yeah she erm sh what what did she say? i messaged her she ' s like yeah my friend ' s coming from we should all go to the beach cool i ' m like yeah whatever er what is this? mm i don ' t know what ' s that? that looks good that ' s
336. curl tastes like curly wurly mm it ' s good actually it ' s a good one that ' s probably more toffee isn ' t it? erm did i tell you about my friend was visiting from? and erm we took him to get a sunday we were at the pub and he got a sunday roast cos we were just like and he had a really big yorkshire pudding on
337. t wanna go for a walk? a little bit but not like far and probs not to play pool er oh shall we play pool tomorrow? go out tomorrow? sure well er i guess my friend is playing from and ' s mum ' s getting a tr tr tr a transvestite stripper i know you er like like the sound of that cos er every time that we try and make
338. we wanna think about yeah new year ' s and stuff yeah that ' s what i mean like four of us for new year ' s erm let ' s see what erm my erm friend said about beaches okay is your friend in mexican? uhu that ' s cool cos that city looks er complicated? yeah she ' ll know it i know a few people there but she ' s
339. ' s and stuff yeah that ' s what i mean like four of us for new year ' s erm let ' s see what erm my erm friend said about beaches okay is your friend in mexican? uhu that ' s cool cos that city looks er complicated? yeah she ' ll know it i know a few people there but she ' s very much the fun one she says
340. it ' s my birthday that ' s where we ' re all going that ' s where we ' re going don ' t worry we ' ll be there i cant wait to tell that your friend recommended we were mamaking fun of it all trip people ' d be like well you really have to know where to go in we we ' re like er we already went there and it was shit oh
342. s staying in the south i think that ' s where everyone stays really right okay yeah i don ' t know if we ' re missing something or if people cos people literally rave about it my friend who went last summer was just like said it was amazing what? catalonia? no here here? yeah she stayed at erm one of these valamar resorts on an island off near tar and she
343. ' s nearly nine mm yeah? yeah yeah he is he ' s an early bird ain ' t he? gets he gets up ridiculously early i mean stupidly early i ' ve got a friend a new friend who ' s got a tumour brain tumour and he ' s really fond of her now he ' s got like a bond so he goes and sees her most days it ' s
344. nine mm yeah? yeah yeah he is he ' s an early bird ain ' t he? gets he gets up ridiculously early i mean stupidly early i ' ve got a friend a new friend who ' s got a tumour brain tumour and he ' s really fond of her now he ' s got like a bond so he goes and sees her most days it ' s terminal you know
346. twenty mm twenty - eight thousand quid only got forty thousand for it lucky we sold it when we did though because they were going down then yeah weren ' t they? mm cos er a friend of ours just up the road from us but and now they ' re something like a hundred and eighty or more mm yeah they are now mm but a friend of ours just up the road from us sold
347. t they? mm cos er a friend of ours just up the road from us but and now they ' re something like a hundred and eighty or more mm yeah they are now mm but a friend of ours just up the road from us sold his house and he got about ten thousand more than we did but six months later that ' d gone down yeah well that ' s the so yeah you know
348. the gearbox was different synchromesh meaning er easier gear changes in all gears now mhm the cars have moved on haven ' t they? mm since my morris minor i ' ve got a friend who wants to she ' s got a morris minor in her back garden mm she wants to do it up and ta er er put pay the road tax and start driving that it ' s no road tax
349. you say and er he came up behind us and he said have you got any sp yeah have you got eighty p? yeah and i was like well actually i ' ve got nothing cos a friend of ' s had just bought us dinner he came over visiting from america and had pots of cash with him and i didn ' t have any money i just looked in my pocket and i had twenty p
350. well it ' s not very nice is it? for for like a girl i mean i was in i was in i ' d got out off the um train at i was going to see my friend who lives in and we was going out for a drink and er i ' ve gone down there ' s this quite a big black guy er er it wasn ' t cos he was black there '
351. quite nice round there yeah oh yeah my we were round there we were on a jolly from er scania scania trucks the one time and and er someone tried to mug someone tried to mug my friend when he was drunk and one of the other guys found them caught them really? yeah caught them got er got hold of them real tough kid he is r russell kelly er really nice kid tough kid he
353. my house my flat and s my friend and um the you know they ' re all round there and they ' re talking adult really which is bad i don ' t do it but er flipping my friend who lives in a flat er er she ' s an air hostess but she ' s a real ladette she ' s on about oh you know what all the time and er ' s sat there well
354. so what plans have you got for the weekend? none i don ' t plan much nice i guess every day ' s a weekend i was um well i say that i ' ve gotta take my friend ' s little girl to her who ' s an air hostess to her granddad ' s who lives in and i ' ve gotta pick her up on tuesday so and then i guess my i ' ll
355. guys mm and they spoke to me in italian and i spoke to them in spanish oh and um we understood each other perfectly but i ca i couldn ' t couldn ' t speak well my er a friend of mine well i haven ' t i haven ' t s s s seen her for a few years now er her name is she ' s fluent spanish speaker and she ' s been an interpreter uh -
358. the loaves but at least it ain ' t oh it ' s good bread though it ' s cooked on the yeah yeah it ' s cooked on their premises there was one in high street my friend ' s brother worked for and he used to have to go there at like three thirty in the morning i think to start baking yeah yeah so they had proper fresh bread to lay out every day or gi
361. right and you ' re thinking well you know because they don ' t want her there no no or they don ' t trust her being there oh i see yeah right you know went to see her friend yesterday and she caught the bus did she? what from? from yeah to and then she got picked up at i think did she? oh and i think was it monday caught the bus to see on
362. well yeah he was probably a gas fitter were he? gas fitter and probably plumbed it in from the road himself and never told them yeah probably it ' s possible mm well er our friend down the road there erm actually i ' m ju is it getti is the sun out? can i just see is er? the sun yeah go and have a look yeah sorry i don '
363. you know and he he would look in in you know? oh right i think he was cos i it gets a bit you know funny questions about you know cos they ' ve got a friend who was in the same time as me you see yeah so er anyway it was interesting and i was fine and in the end said oh sai er can he see your picture now then? cos th
364. re you ' re kind of acting and i think that counts that ' s good then yeah it ' s a valid panic attack or anxiety attack yeah don ' t worry about doing that cos my friend she ' s like really melodramatic and she used to have panic attacks all the time and were they not real panic attacks? they weren ' t real panic attacks she was just really like that
371. ##ached that earlier than now shouldn ' t i yeah cos if he ' s cannon fodder it ' s a no fucked yeah yeah having met an awful lot of squaddies when my friend was at uni in colchester it ' s going to be an abort so for s i mean you know are are you just going to meet him from work? yeah in the granny dress? i
372. ' s really shy so they were leaving him out so i started to get a bit annoyed about how cool thought he was and i just thought you ' re actually not that cool and then my canadian friend this is probably way too gossipy erm she said erm that he came onto her at a queen concert when was pregnant with their with their first child really? and i just thought do you know
373. what about this feeling of obligation that that you get with some people? so it ' s like oh i should meet them and like and i should this and i should that cos i had another friend in frankfurt who ' s really she ' s sort of a bit of a step up from cos i sort of enjoyed her company a bit more mm but she got really clingy really quickly so
374. effect because don ' t you think though that ' s the most simple thing in the world ever? this was this would be your total worst nightmare and it doesn ' t happen any more but my friend used to be the worst culprit ever ever and she would guilt you and it ' s only cos i ' ve been friends with her so long and i didn ' t realise it was happening
375. so then you could have a boat would you live on a boat? real boat? yeah would you? yeah but i ' d like that i ' d find them a bit claustrophobic my friend is thinking about buying a houseboat but she said to me it ' s it ' s the opposite of when you property you know when you buy property it ' s an investment houseboat ' s just
376. me ah can can i come to your house with my mum so my mum can speak to your mum? what? i was thinking what the hell? oh my god iin the morning yeah my friend was telling me i was thinking in my head yeah yeah yeah that that ' s fine like then i thought about it and i wwent to just thought it ' s like now that i think about it
381. before when he text mm what you doing in colchester? nice and then i thought i ' d rub it in a bit more oh um i ' m just going to see a a gig with a friend of a friend um no idea where cos it ' s his treat nice and he said oh what type of gig is it? i said some indie rock something or other i doubt i ' ll be
382. text mm what you doing in colchester? nice and then i thought i ' d rub it in a bit more oh um i ' m just going to see a a gig with a friend of a friend um no idea where cos it ' s his treat nice and he said oh what type of gig is it? i said some indie rock something or other i doubt i ' ll be able to keep
383. age and um apply to go on ratings can ' t you? no don ' t think so i thought it was just officers who had to be under twenty - six oh maybe i dunno my friend was saying he was looking to join and then he didn ' t cos he was too old and he ' s twenty - eight so has he got a degree? yeah ah maybe that ' s why
389. instead of a downstairs and an upstairs it would just slope gradually cos it was cos it was quite new sloping you know from down on the floor to up sort of thing and i remember my friend was away on holiday and me writing her a card to tell her about it opening and whatnot you know oh but of course the other one was the one on the main road where the fitness the ode
390. it can be of course if you love someone they ' re always gonna be beautiful ah beyonce no they erm there ' s arguments towards her erm her fe well i was talking to a female friend of mine she she disliked her speech because she ' s talking to the united nations and yet she ' s comcomplaining about western feminine issues and yet you look at the middle east or africa
395. look at him go do you know actually that ' s really just reminded me i was in year four i think when this came out thirty - five three years six yeah year four in school and my friend best friend at the time brought a magazine into work er into school that had the lingo from this and the translation like really? she was such a and what a was and all the different words i
396. him go do you know actually that ' s really just reminded me i was in year four i think when this came out thirty - five three years six yeah year four in school and my friend best friend at the time brought a magazine into work er into school that had the lingo from this and the translation like really? she was such a and what a was and all the different words i can '
397. parties at the local rugby club they would hire it out and everyone did it every eighteenth birthday so every other week there was one erm and it was quite normal i remember having a conversation with my friend how many people have you snog snogged tonight? and my reply was seven mm and that was normal that was acceptable right okay th that was never at school i was never like that i
400. same with my mum so i went on that i put loads of weight on and then erm i came off that went on the erm implant hoping that that ' d be different yeah my best friend ' s got the implant that made me angry all the time had it for six months yeah had it taken out and then i went on to the daily pills kept forgetting and it it just and it made
401. ##o what i thought but i thought that i think mm i went to the toilet and there were blood in my knickers i was started crying i ran downstairs to my mum and her her best friend were there and i was like mum i ' m dying there ' s something in my knickers there ' s blood everywhere oh and they just sat there and laughed at me they just sat and laughed
403. at these amazing seats it made seeing alvin and the chipmunks a load of fun and since then so ' s mum saw that and then she took to see the chipmunks and then my friend saw that and she took her son to see the chipmunks at the vue so about and about four people in total and of course the reason why i took you there was because took her girls
404. it? it ' s called park run dot org oh okay which park is it in? cannon hill it that where was doing her boot camp? yeah? who ' s? badoo remember the friend who i was gonna put you in touch with with the drama? yes yeah her well st i ' m still open to that are you a thespian? i often claim it to be my alternative
405. back was pallid and fluffy you look like just everything had been sweated out of you and you were just like abs oh yeah she went to that class but she and i i went with a friend of mine dubs to the the first class but she went by herself on wednesday so we went on monday and she went by herself on wednesday and um and she thinks she overdid it because you
406. ? exactly who who organises that? fhm no rear of the year isn ' t fhm it ' s like sexiest whatever whatever ah this country i need to go in a minute your friend ' s not here no i ' ll just pop to the shop on the way and get a couple of beers i might try and reorganise um my meeting tomorrow morning cos i didn '
407. start working on yeah and tomorrow i ' m going to warwick um for one o ' clock um ooh what for? do you remember a presenter gagan grewal? nope em me and my friend we ' re going to his house for lunch basically oh lovely and see his puppy and we haven ' t you know we aw it ' s the sort of thing we had planned for like months ago of
409. yes ah so she would ' ve missed anyway er yeyes yes i suppose so mm but she ' s going to see so that ' s good ah yes so she ' s gone today seeing her friend i imagine staying the night and flying tomorrow ah yes so that ' s oh we ' re both flying tomorrow oh yes but she must be flying at a different time maybe ah yes just think in the don
410. tell me about your panic attacks then oh it ' s really weird though where do like where do they come from? so when was the first one again? when you were at that party with your friend the work ' s do and you felt like you were in a shadow and you didn ' t want to say anything yeah well i suppose that like that often happens like i feel like like i don '
413. campaigning keeping abreast of all the and all that sort of stuff and current affairs yeah yeah okay yeah just all of the usual really yeah she ' s um gardening and she ' s got a friend who ' s got cancer and it ' s really yeah it ' s pretty um pretty serious got some sort of rare cancer oh god um and she ' s been helping her out she ' s an author
414. it happens in england now of course it might happen sometimes but i think we ' ve got a really good system cos you have to be referred so you mm know how well i me and your friend please can you refer me to the cardiologist no yeah but honestly i think there ' s something wrong with me you can ' t you can ' t get rid yeah and even if you go private
416. it ' s aggressive erm chemotherapy sometimes works better with those ones oh right than the ones that are slower burners and and i would see if i would be able able to tell that to another friend of mine who was just told it ' s an aggressive form of cancer without having that extra bit yeah so i mean to me that extra bit was really kind of the difference between it being awful news and
417. area and hasn ' t got out and spread and in fact mine had erm and that is a function of the fact that it wasn ' t diagnosed for eighteen months because erm in fact a friend of mine who had a hysterectomy because she ' d had a bad childbirth experience they sort of said oh you ' ve got stage one er you know or you ' ve got precan
423. you just set up a direct debit a yearly direct debit or something? yeah what shall i write to them and say look i i want to give you some money every year because of my friend and how much you helped him yeah please take money out of my account cos i can ' t remember to give it to you no that ' s probably not the best i can ' t remember every
425. in the day what do they do in the day then during the summer holidays? i have no idea you should ask them i think hangs around with his friends in town and stuff goes round to his friend ' s house and does football and stuff and he just doesn ' t have his laptop and he ' s not he just doesn ' t like skyping at all what does he do during the day then
427. in the day when it was easy to do that yes exactly mm yeah yes very easy to do that yeah it ' s almost impossible to do it now very yes very difficult yeah yeah erm a friend of mine had her mental health wrecked by getting it done with her erm oh no er british husband she ' s an american and trying to to become a british citizen was a complete nightmare yes and very
431. ' s but i got a chance impressive to walk round liverpool and yeah er where i ' d never been mm how long ago was that that you renewed? er january last year god yeah mm a friend of mine is okay wow has just come back gone back to to germany today having gone er to the uk er a week and a half ago in order to renew his passport right because one has to carry
433. ll have to find out mm mm you like cos you like i prefer to have coffee though and she was gonna make biscuits yesterday yeah but she spent the day in the garage er sorting out a friend ' s computer oh right oh so biscuits did not er feature on the agenda that ' s fine so sorry no biscuits oh no this coffee ' s lovely the coffee ' s from the algerian coffee shop in
435. when erm fell over oh yes we had to take her to hospital and er broke her arm she ' d broke her arm christmas day christmas day she broke her arm we had to go around a friend ' s we were going down and er took her to weren ' t we? mm yeah it ' s someone down and we had just come out of the door she ' s holding my hand and we
436. ? things aren ' t good apparently so oh dear heavens oh and it was when the well it was seven years ago now that they had a big car crash didn ' t he? and er a friend of ours at that was a long time ago i know i said several years ago yeah yeah mm and er a friend of ours lived at the was it is it the pub? i think it was no
437. now that they had a big car crash didn ' t he? and er a friend of ours at that was a long time ago i know i said several years ago yeah yeah mm and er a friend of ours lived at the was it is it the pub? i think it was no i don ' t think it was pub pub on the corner it ' s no longer there it ' s gone now
438. ' s a house now yeah that ' s been a house for years but yeah mm that that that used to be a pub yeah i went in there a couple of times the pub yeah and a friend of ours bought it and they ' re lovely people ain ' t they? he ' s he ' s a real classy artist he he did this painting over in just in a few hours and splashed
439. he did move to for a little bit oh really? when he met he did yeah to work oh right and he quite liked it right i think he quite liked mm and he moved in with a friend yeah erm and then he w then he moved back he moved back with and basically they had no friends and he just worked for for fifteen years that ' s all he did mm no no other mm
440. straight to see and i think they ' re gonna go swimming so i might go and watch them they go to cos was gonna take him today but she didn ' t cos i think her friend couldn ' t make it so oh right that ' ll be good if they go tomorrow if goes mm but you never know with her she ' ll change her mind something ' ll happen we ' ll see
441. oh no how many times has djokovic won this now then? er i don ' t know he won it last year didn ' t he but? a few times probably your dad ' s friend erm who i used to work with can get tickets for queen ' s apparently oh okay and he asked i think he ' d asked if we wanted to go with him in er with with them is
442. not pining for it at all yeah yeah i know it ' s interesting but i think that ' s actually quite an important thing i was talking about that with a i ' ve made one particular friend at and erm we were having lunch last week both of us were talking she ' s a little bit younger than me but both of us were talking about the fact of erm when we retire and
445. wants to go the other way but i they ' re quite happy and settled and if they never get married they never get married it ' s it ' s fine i think had an arrangement with a friend who ' s going to wear a hat at the wedding for me if they do get married i think sometimes as well they they just they don ' t need to anymore do they? no and i think
446. what are these? those are mozzarella oh i love prawn we know that ' s why i did them i know that you love them i love prawns as well our new friend will like them as well thank you we ' ll have to just have a little train going round mm what are those? those are tomato y ones okay those are which ones? flapjack those they '
447. before like before the bank holiday oh i see yeah so that week yeah so that week yeah so then you get the monday off it ' s the twenty yeah yeah yeah that ' s right but my friend ' s been like oh i don ' t you know she ' s been saying for months oh you know when she ' s like i ' m a bit tight on money but all the budget but she
448. we ' re going i ' m going to paris for that last weekend uhu for bank holiday from the thursday to the monday that ' ll be good with two of my friends and then two my friend and her housemate they ' re both aussies uhu and they ' re over for two years oh right well it ' s their last year so they are basically like oh yeah they try to go
449. ##m and so she organised it she went and like two weeks ago she said erm okay so me and are going on this day and would you like to come? and so me and my other friend we ' re just like yeah so literally on a thursday night just spontaneously we just like booked tickets to go to barcelona oh that ' s really good for the the weekend so it ' s meant to be
450. ##s that ' s pretty much the end you ' ve only got what? three months three months yeah and like three months holiday in winter is always a bit depressing although last year me and my friend went to berlin for the weekend and that was awesome yeah it ' s the best way isn ' t it? but so cold it must be oh i was thinking about it when i was going to ir
452. ' t like that at all mm it ' s got the massive ring road and it ' s you can get lost can ' t you in birmingham? i remember being in erm being in my friend ' s car in when we went to leeds in february leeds isn ' t nice to drive round either we got lo well we got into leeds and we just couldn ' t find parking yeah we went for
453. make a mess when i ' m not talking when i ' m actually concentrating on what i ' m doing we went to this erm street food carnival a few weeks ago and erm with a friend we halved everything oh yeah cos there were so many different types of food that we wanted to uhu try quite a bit so we had we started off with these nice like steam bun things oh
454. like fluffy pittas oh yeah but and then they were stuffed with i think we had pork belly and it was really nice and they had like all quite saucy and stuff oh yeah and my friend was just looking at me and she had it all down her and she had it all over her hands all the sauce it was everywhere and she was like how on earth a you managed to only eat that
455. in the house and it was so nice uhu it ' s just nice to just be on the er be on my own yeah relaxed like it sounds really horrible cos i live with my best friend from school and i love her to pieces but sometimes it ' s oh did you move in cos i remember you saying last time er cos i haven ' t seen you for ages yeah yeah and
457. like yeah but you weren ' t you weren ' t that keen if not you would have you ' d come out come yeah it ' s like one of my my one of my well my best friend i ' ve literally saw her when we went to dublin and since then she just always been busy but then sh when she comes home she ' s like oh i ' m doing i ' m doing this
458. make me laugh and laugh and laugh yeah probably more than anyone else i think i love ed byrne ed byrne uhu is probably one of my favourite comedians yeah he was really good and i took my friend and she ' d never seen him before uhu and then loved seeing him and she loved him she absolutely loved him he ' s good though he ' s hilar he ' s so funny i love
462. yeah then i went to turkey at the beginning of june and that was really nice was it good? was it good fun? it was really ni chilled out was it? i went to visit my friend who ' s turkish uhu she ' s invited me over and i was like oh that ' s g yeah okay so i went to see her uhu for a week and that was really nice co
464. spain? sp probably pretty much spain spain yeah yeah like one of the islands like one of the canary islands maybe or yeah one of the other side of the islands but we ' ll see yeah my friend well i texted her on thurs i was like so let us know what your budget is and she hasn ' t and ha responded and i should call her cos you can and actually get some okay
465. but it was it was good it was a good day trip like it ' s something a bit different isn ' t it? i mean i hate doing the same things all the time yeah my best friend who ' s coming over next next saturday to oh that ' s nice to pick me up and we ' re gonna go to erm he he ' s really sad he ' s really old he er
466. so tell me about then? what? oh so she ' s going to see erm this friend that hasn ' t had the baby on right thursday the one in? the one in yes so erm yeah like i said there was four of them in their little group and they they went out for
467. okay no that was all going a bit wrong anyway oh so erm right that was the so we that ' s where we and i were watching suffragettes and she had a text from her one friend to say erm i ' ve had a baby and she was surprised because she was early cos her friend there ' s there ' s four of them so there ' s there ' s there '
468. s where we and i were watching suffragettes and she had a text from her one friend to say erm i ' ve had a baby and she was surprised because she was early cos her friend there ' s there ' s four of them so there ' s there ' s there ' s and there ' s ' s the oldest one she ' s thirty - five right ' s twenty - seven
471. oh okay walked off and you didn ' t come to that one no no gosh that didn ' t realise that was that long ago and maybe she came to it or maybe she was at a friend ' s or something i can ' t remember i don ' t think i think we took and and bought them home actually oh okay drdropped them back off at ' s i think we d we
472. him like i dunno yeah being bullied before he can talk oh he ' s so sweet i think he looks old as well cos they dress him in like those sort of clothes whereas my friend i mean her daughter ' s five weeks younger but she still dresses her in like babygros all day yeah yeah in whereas he only wears them for pyjamas so oh it ' s so
473. ' m twenty - three getting late? i was like he didn ' t have kids anyway until he was like twenty - seven so i don ' t really know what he is thinking yeah my my friend is pregnant she is seven months pregnant she ' s older i think she is thirty and erm they were like oh your child has got this like so they do a down ' s syndrome test now no
474. i had such good baby cuddles i said there you go do you want mummy now? yeah i think you need mummy they are amazing babies when? whose baby did you? in spain my friend ' s now two ah and then ' s one ah but they they ' re like the same size i ' ll show you i haven ' t got my phone but i ' ll show you a photo
475. s like really lovely cos like i ' m really close to my and cousins who are my age and that ' s a bit like having sisters a little bit i think but yeah yeah yeah my friend says that having them around all the time would be like incredible sometimes sometimes yeah sometimes it is annoying yeah i guess cos you all live quite close to each other as well mm like before when we were
477. got to together with and you just ate at the cafe yeah and never did anymore shopping never did anymore he was a very useful boyfriend to have yeah when she was doing this recording the other night my friend and her daughter were here and we were over there and she ' d put one of the nest of tables in the middle with the with the phone on and erm and pepper came up jumped and sat
478. if you fill it only with two pound coins when it ' s full it ' ll be a thousand pounds two pound coins? mm you see i don ' t get many two pound coins really my friend no she ' s always buying my two pound coins she puts them all in one of those po well i bought her one for her birthday saying girls ' night out on it and i said well when you
479. give us two quid ' s worth he give us two quid ' s worth and he ' s just putting it in his pocket and i was thinking hold on a minute that ' s my friend ' s money so er i said oh i ' ll bring the money along for you later i ' ll give it straight to yeah he weren ' t happy with oh my go i ' d hate not
481. ' s just i can ' t you know at the end of the day it ' s your profit that ' s going yeah you know yeah mm best friend she had to get rid of her best friend because she was a fiver in out a fiver was a lot of money then yeah mm and and my dad knew he was brilliant he he knew how many potatoes we used to cut up right?
483. ' s pretty piss poor paid as well mm apart from in a lot of northern european countries yes i think denmark in particular teachers are very well respected and germany to some extent have a female erm friend who teaches in a school in germany erm i actually have a male friend who also teaches in a school in germany and they ' re treated like civil servants mm and once they have so many years in
487. were you saying? someone from or what ' s? erm the guys who are doing the one in oh right yeah but he ' s not from i mean i ' m yeah i have a friend who is living with a friend my friend is like you can have erm well done no that ' s fine is that alright? yeah that ' s fine cheers cheers mate cheers so he was so it
490. just like them and you know you wouldn ' t go there for the weather yeah i wouldn ' t no er yeah and apparently moscow is very expensive as well yeah avoid moscow erm cos a friend of mine went there one of er his relatives was er living there and he mentioned that er apparently it ' s really expensive it ' s it ' s it ' s in the firm grip of the ol
495. re on on their self they need to in order for it to flow properly they would need to write from the right to the left of the page mm wouldn ' t they? but saying that my friend she ' s mm erm left handed and she ' s got a left handed chequebook has she? oh you can mm mm you can and you can get left handed scissors and things mm can
496. some do but there are times when you want to send a cheque to someone for a bir yeah you know a kid for a birthday present or whatever you know or you ' re paying a friend and and i must erm mm for something one of the that you owe our neighbour her husband had his funeral and he ' d put all his money to the ark which is an animal welfare oh right
500. yeah and of course lots of them have to shave er as they yeah they keep it trimmed down yeah but of course and i think those those were designer beards of course but which erm my friend and erm er her fella they live down in but they go to the berlin moustache and beard festival it happens every year which is full of people with amazing beards what what what place
501. up whe when on my own or when i was growing up or what? when you were growing up yeah yeah i think the first one i ever did without family was going to italy with a friend of mine in nineteen seventy - six and it was manic it was absolutely manic cos she didn ' t speak any italian right and i was busking it through everything else and she nearly drove
504. to em was it annock? went up to annock stayed in this sort of converted country house you could kind have a party in the bathroom absolutely great we we a couple of years ago my friend got a house is abesoth oh abersoch makes me laugh we were there for for a week it rained the whole time of course of course but it was a really good holiday i went we
505. ##rsoch makes me laugh we were there for for a week it rained the whole time of course of course but it was a really good holiday i went we we wor we ' ve got a friend who ' s got a caravan down on which is just a bit north of abersoch on the coast and we went to abersoch and i ' m thinking why is everybody raving about this
507. ' ve got the flights sorted so you haven ' t is it an agent you got an agent to do that or have you done it yourselves? yeah oh that ' s really annoying cos my friend i mean she ' s lovely love her to bits but she irritates me intensely oh and her daughter ' s in new in australia so she ' d been going pretty well every year she goes off
508. occasions and i don ' t like that side of myself yeah i find it quite difficult having home so much more yeah mm i i had i went to a party on saturday night and met an old friend and her husband ' s retired erm from teaching a head of department or whatever early retirement and he ' s at home all the time and she ' s got a job that ' s fifteen hours a
509. of you know so i think that ' s a very wise thing to give up work at the beginning to take stock and decide of the summer and having the summer off which is exceptionally this is a friend of mine lives in er erm she would have been here tonight if it wasn ' t her daughters ' birthday oh it ' s ' s birthday isn ' t it and erm so it ' s
510. the other one i mean openoffice does everything anyway mm and it does spreadsheets and everything don ' t it? mm mm yeah talking about technology this this er erm an old school friend you you he keeps posting really interesting things and how ' s about this then for going out for dinner? and there ' s there ' s a there ' s three couples sat round this round table phones
511. lot to do did he then? so no i guess he ' d pick on it was a nightmare movmove was it? yeah move was a nightmare yeah it wa ' s a a friend of ' s mm and he was a removal man yeah but er what he what he ' d agreed to do was move us yes and the people who were moving out of the flat at at the same
512. yeah yeah trying to learn the language and she was a er erm au pair? yeah that makes sense doesn ' t it? yeah yeah that ' s a good thing to be i had a friend that ' s done that recently and in sardinia of all places oh quite oh no it wasn ' t sardinia they lived in no i take that back they lived on the mainland but they took her on holiday
513. a at the fish shop wasn ' t? yeah or the fish restaurant really asked her have you got any crabs they said no we don ' t do crabs yeah and she said oh i know a friend down the road doing some they sell the sell em already dressed you see and it and they showed us in their fir their fridges they were that big wow huge crabs honestly never seen an they were so
514. butter fan so we tried some different ones i love peanut butter but i don ' t actually like ice cream very much i think don ' t hate me no no no yeah i ' ve got a friend that eats ice cream every single day literally every day and there ' s something wrong if she doesn ' t so really? yeah every day i like cheap ice cream van mr whippy ice cream oh i
516. always had ideas go on mm what i ' d really like to do i ' d like to be an emergency foster carer ah sort of thing that ' s very worthwhile oh mm i my friend ' s mum does that yeah i ' d it would be the short - term things i interviewed a lady yesterday that just yeah there ' s an issue or problem have this child baby now yeah four days
521. like it confused me at first but oh man yeah no wonder you can ' t do any speech there ' s no speech no oh there ' s a little bit at the end so i told my friend to read like this chapter cos he did this a level and i was like where was it? it mentioned she she goes oh gosh and well where is it? oh she was reading it she
524. that people think wrote all of shakespeare ' s plays oh really? yeah oh that ' s fun yeah i have all this useless information yeah but still you had fun oh oh can ' t remember my friend ' s name who i forgot she ' s doing english lit now apparently they have to read a book a week yeah what? yeah like they they got sent she said that last thursday they got set a
526. been starting our project from then i know we should just come in s doing our project but i know i ' m gonna start doing it during the summer cos shit your dissertation? yeah yeah my friend he ' s in year three and he he ' s got seven thousand words due in december from his for his dissertation his dissertation his subject is maths wait they don ' t do a dissertation i thought
539. ah she doesn ' t like the lift so there ' s no way i ' m going to get her underground on a tube no wait until she ' s a bit older yeah as no yeah my friend when i said someone was talking about diazepam she wo she can ' t go in a lift still she lit she when like last time i was here she had just moved to a flat in that
541. t show any remorse no no no you just see someone on the spur of the moment do something like that but sounds terrible yeah yes he was on drugs at the time oh oh well yes yes his friend ' s gone to jail too though i ' ve never er i ' ve never don ' t think i ' ve ever tried them sorry? i never tried them so drugs no no but his friend went
543. who i know yes do you remember sister who you you you didn ' t go into the convent did you? no no no no that ' s right was she out there? well she had a friend out there ah right and so she gave us a letter of introduction and the lady out there she she knew was er in charge of all the sisters out there oh right oh that was good and so and
544. to us to use for the week aw so they were she she was horrified that they couldn ' t go anywhere cos we had the car like and so that was nice er yeah she had this friend down there and she although she ' d retired she was still the boss so to speak yes met someone been there for so many years yeah oh what happened? oh we er where were we now? with
545. ' m not taking so the odds of me going are dramatically increased i don ' t think i don ' t think the queen would let you anyway also i just wrote to my i messaged my friend who ' s just got married in ecuador and been over there with her six - month - old little girl and i was asking her about how she got around and what she did who said they ' d
546. you ' d probably save it would probably cost just as much to commute as it would to rent out yeah it ' s true i mean i ideally i ' d like to find you know a friend ' s room that i could you know where ' s? she ' s in and er she used to have a house where there was a spare little room and we always used to joke about it co
547. s unusual innit? alright? if you take my cousin which is my nephew ' s daughter her birthday is the same as my other cousin ' s first of march yeah yeah well we got a friend and her birthday is the same birthday as me yeah we know i know s we know three people who are the same as yours yeah yeah well i mean i don ' t know anyone with mine well you
548. s there ' s some decent properties isn ' t there? for yeah for certain prices you get some good good prices well you can go and rent out a especially if you get it at auction our friend ' s house at they got they got there annex to rent out now they ' re renting that out fair fairview is it? it always has been a rent option yeah but they ' re rent
553. something? oh wow someone is fabulous like can they put it on silent? it ' s making me jealous jealous mm mm mm oh my gosh pen pals with your friend i see your little friend came yeah it was her birthday right? it was good yeah? yeah what did we do? er what did? how did? how are you gonna say that? oh oh what did we do?
555. you can have mint tea and what ' s the other gunpowder tea i don ' t understand why it ' s gunpow don ' t ask me when i went i was talking to my er friend she was like erm how she when she used to make moroccan tea she used to make it with gunpowder tea with gunpowder? yeah it ' s gunpowder tea it ' s so funny because when i went
556. don ' t know which one which is better the like do i get drunk quick and it ' s cheap or do i have dirty hangover the next day and be dead for like three days my friend always gets a slippery nipple a sli excuse me oh it ' s got sambuca at the bottom and baileys on the top oh my god okay first of all sambuca is disgusting it
557. baileys baileys is so good it is it ' s mm it ' s so creamy it is big time but i like it with ice yes you have to have it with ice cos my friend tried to drink it out of the bottle it ' s not as good no erm no i had it from like i had a mini version and oh oh god i want i wanna know yeah i got
558. thing is like if you had like a glass of it and you just went to it and smelled you can smell the alcohol mm mm you talking about alcohol oh my god i remember one night when my friend she bought it one day and i ' d never had it before and she was like here try it and literally pour it to ma to my mouth i was like like that ' s strong yeah it '
559. yeah so er i did some photography modelling for my friend and he was doing darkroom photography so right he was taking it on film so he ' s no idea how any of them have turned out oh okay is it yeah so was he doing it black and
560. reading my er my book where is it? it was here there it is oh yeah? my book today quite a bit oh a new book since i got home oh that ' s the one your friend got you isn ' t it? yeah well you cor you ' ve yeah made a chomped into that made a dent haven ' t i? yeah cos the erm cos the
562. you used to be able to buy them in the shops right yeah erm but anyway so he he makes these little explosives which he then ties to crabs in the rock pool and just him and his friend watch them go up basically er and they ' ve specifically choschosen crabs because they just make such a a a a a mess you know erm and so it ' s really it ' s
563. japan is in oh right sado so oh right yeah on on the island of sado it ' s yeah so we went there and just just didn ' t know what was just me and a friend and my mates yeah and just went right what shall we do? let ' s go there get on a train and so we went and then yes yeah thought well what are we gonna do now? er
564. silence i think yeah it ' s nicer mm sorry dear end of end of march is the next time i ' m over for yeah the but i i might go to i might stay at my friend ' s for that one oh right yeah you normally stay at your other friend ' s when you ' re working at the west in erm in town no my this you know i ' ve got a
570. good coffee yeah looks very nice dziekuje er but when i was in england near my house cos it ' s quite rural erm okay y j and i was walking home from my friend ' s and it ' s on a sort of concrete walk lane er and then you just say hello to anybody who ' s walking or cycling past yeah you know and it ' s normal yeah fairly normal
573. don ' t actually know i actually know now i know one person that lives in london now but more an acquaintance than a friend yeah i ' ll ask my friend yeah no i ' ve got a friend yeah who ' s moving to rotterdam i think possibly today actually mm this could be rotterdam or anywhere or anywhere liverpool or rome yeah oh right i didn ' t know people actually lived there i just thought it
574. ? yeah cos i ' m driving back erm i figured i ' d probably leave here last weekend in february erm couple of nights with friends in berlin mm mm couple of nights with a friend who ' s in heerlen in southern netherlands mm mm sort of on the border with belgium and germany erm and then i might pop up and see my english friend with the dutch partner mm mm
575. couple of nights with a friend who ' s in heerlen in southern netherlands mm mm sort of on the border with belgium and germany erm and then i might pop up and see my english friend with the dutch partner mm mm erm b in rotterdam and then get on the overnight ferry do rotterdam to where ' s it go? harwich i think where ' s that? to where?
576. mid - march to mid - april if it runs out mid - april oh okay so yeah but i ' ve got no northern irelan it all depends really i ' ve got a northern ireland friend yeah older gentleman mm erm mm mate we usually go to tenerife for a bit of winter sun sort of nice about this time of year actually or maybe february erm but i said this year
578. who haven ' t done graduate schemes they ' ve done something else mm so the first article was about er people who are teaching english as a foreign language abroad so he ' s interviewed me and a friend who lives in spain and another friend who lives somewhere else and we ' re all saying well you know similar vaguely similar things you know it ' s just not for us we ' d feel like frauds
579. they ' ve done something else mm so the first article was about er people who are teaching english as a foreign language abroad so he ' s interviewed me and a friend who lives in spain and another friend who lives somewhere else and we ' re all saying well you know similar vaguely similar things you know it ' s just not for us we ' d feel like frauds if we were in you know like
581. kind of pointless this question like can you name two universities in leicester can help slimming as part of calorie controlled diet calorie controlled diet basically means like cos like mum ' s friend she used to take those tablets and she used to eat like chocolate cake and stuff and she used to like completely mess her body up because you ' re not you ' re like those things stop your body
582. a lot of people who are dyslexic have coloured overlays so they ' ll have like a green piece of acetate yeah acetate that they just lay over and then my friend at school he was i mean must have had it quite bad erm so teachers used to write it on the board in green erm for him and the he erm used to have these glasses and
584. as unattractive as he used to be i ' m gonna try and find a before and after oh er i i definitely did find before and after and she was just like why why does your friend like these men? i ' m like well i hoped she was blind but but but she isn ' t she just has really bad taste oh oh my god that ' s yeah i know but er oh
585. yeah because you ' re not cos you don ' t have an exams officer yeah and ' s been made redundant like i think she has officially been er made redundant is that your mum ' s friend? er the one mmum ' s assistant person yeah so yeah they ' re literally hacking hacking back can ' t they just hack people back that aren ' t as important? that sounds really horrible but
586. so we ' ll look at chicken dishes so you see i love all of those i put chilli in everything mm er do you use a lot of chilli? yeah and garlic and yeah a friend of mine gave me a tip i don ' t know if you saw a photo i put on facebook i ' ve got two small jars mm and if you blitz in a food presser equal amounts food
587. as children mm it ' s fabulous it ' s such fun erm but when i i put a post about it on facebook about this pocketful of conkers and i ' ve got an american friend yeah er almost every post that i put she comes in and says sorry gonna have to explain what ' s such and such yeah what ' s so and so yeah and i find myself when i ' m
588. yes i remember yeah and er i yeah i was actually giving crochet patterns and mm and there was a la and she was so lovely she said er i think it was an elderly er a friend ' s elderly sister or or somebody had died mm and they had a a massive stash of different wool and things yeah and somebody gave her a bag anyway and she said to me it ' s years
589. now for them yeah she said that ' s so wonderful yeah yeah yeah which is what etsy ' s all about yeah is handmade and she said she said erm it ' s for my friend as an anniversary present yeah so i messaged her back and i said would you like me to put a little message in there? yes to say that it ' s from you? and she went oh
590. ' s desk oh which was it was so good it was mm it was too good actually cos one of the girls in the team saw it burst into tears and unfortunately she ' d lost a friend through hanging oh no yeah a few months before mm so bit insensitive once we knew that yeah had to come down well it ' s not the sort of thing you ' d realise is it?
591. a long ti a lot longer than that so how long are we talking now? talking abou about seven years would that be right? mm yeah about seven years i suppose erm and then a friend of mine said oh there ' s a really cos he knows what i ' m like and i ' m a little bit sort of mm persistent and i have my opinion and i ' ll always listen
592. within that twenty oh right and er there was a i then my marriage ended and was coming to lon he was coming to the uk for something i think he was coming to london to see a friend so he was still in dublin at this point? mm yeah mm and we ' d been really chatting and his sense of humour and we were very very different which was one thing i liked because it wasn
593. maiden name was that was her name before sh but i know went to once me and mum and we sat at the on a seat looking at the ducks and that yeah and she come along with a friend oh okay there and she stopped and spoke yeah yeah mm oh yeah i know ain ' t it funny? isn ' t it? it ' s a small world yeah yeah i mean i lived in i
596. t it? mm people nor nations i think erm some students n know but others don ' t think deeply i don ' t think but it ' s like funny i you know? like my friend and his wife said oh have you come back teach or something i dunno i said aha secretly i was i didn ' t tell them it might hurt them i said well four things would need to
597. m afraid you can ' t get twitter or facebook or anything like that can you? no no it ' s crazy isn ' t it? even south korea ' s was banned and the and my friend said oh that ' s because yeah the government doesn ' t want competition i said no no it ' s a political thing they don ' t want people to they don ' t they want control of how
598. lad i w was teaching there and he wanted me to send over download some google thing and send it to him because the government had stopped all the people really yeah yeah oh bollocks well my friend ' s quite open - minded he ' s b he went to waterstones and bought a lot of books in english about china mm political books he ' s going to take back and read so free ah
599. you ' re into that so that ' s the thing you have different interests don ' t you as a couple? yeah no and i ' m glad about that you know? d i remember a friend of mine saying about oh so what interests do you share then? cos you know but you don ' t have to you know but no and i said well i ' m quite happy that we have
600. miles an hour as well sixty mile an hour yeah who ' s just veered to the right and yeah is gonna have a head - on collision yeah i know it ' s very true yeah my friend was a bit like that on the isle of wight he drove a bit manically round the lanes it ' s like can you slow down please? cos he ' s like gonna have a collision
601. of wight he drove a bit manically round the lanes it ' s like can you slow down please? cos he ' s like gonna have a collision your brother did that? no a friend i have who moved th moved there but erm your brother was though was he? yeah my brother ' s also yeah i ' ve never been to the isle of wight two have you not? no
602. pounds but then what do you do are you stranded when you get to the other end? er well no you can you can walk across the down the peer into ride the main town and then my friend picked me up from there and we went to where he lived and that must be a nicer place than portsmouth yeah it is yeah i mean isle of wight ' s got all that interesting stuff you can
604. it well that ' s yeah that ' s easy enough which you can do in open office yeah if you ' ve got the programs to do it well no you get a when you save it my friend she can ' t do anything with hers when you save it in open office you click save and you get the that thing which says where do you wanna save it? save in doc as doc? and
606. just have a talk about this yeah you know it will get better it will it will but but you know yeah it will it will so there ' s kind of like what and i was telling my friend about it and she was like if there is one time where it is appropriate for that to happen it ' s then yeah you know fair enough she was like if you wanna rub your arse against someone
607. the end of that erm yeah a world ago yeah it was and i think you know but we j both just wanted some contact er and then he started going out with who ' s ' s friend who she ' s visiting in england oh yeah? erm and then he started seeing her you know quite seriously for the latter half of the year erm but for the first sort of few months we
611. ' s the thing mm if you don ' t go with anyone we will pay someone to take us oh well but you might be able to rent stuff yeah if you like i can speak to my friend ' s cousin who ' s massively into that kind of thing oh erm she she ' s like she ' s she lives in and she she goes like rock climbing all the time mm and that
612. re playing rounders on monday but you ' re not you said i ' ve got writing club writing club? you with your other exploits i wanna hear about that er yeah it ' s just my friend from lunch who wasn ' t there actually erm it he ' s done a writing masters and set it up but i i write anyway erm that just makes me sound like such a dick i write
613. the habit of just that ' s the important thing mm and having the whole project erm was telling me something really interesting in our one to one the other day cos she ' s got this friend who ' s like he ' s really really successful he ' s done really well for himself and he has this really kind of novel approach to to doing things mm so so he makes a powerpoint presentation
616. i ' ve got a bump that stops that happening this was only if i go in the black area which i will try to avoid right oh shall we see what he ' s got or? my friend who was down there just said hey you ' ve got good neighbours the guy opposite me er asked me what i was doing taking photos i told him i was from a letting agency looking to place immigrants throughout
618. the good ones get the brunt of that and that ' s where your opinion comes from because yeah you are syou are sceptical and you and you like to i ' ve got a friend at work who ' s very much like you she qushe questions everything she looks into everything she educates herself on everything yeah and i love that and i ' m lazy i don ' t always
627. ##unciate i tea i speak to foreigners all the time so i ended up speaking some kinda pidgin english where i ' m not even actually speaking properly but when i ' m with my friend like he ' ll come round and we start just like er pidgin english i love it yeah i speak i mean i use a lot of americanisms now i ' m like yeah i know ass
628. ? sit yourself down no i ' ve gotta go soon darling go and sit down yeah anyway so erm yeah i just said i really can ' t i said yesterday we ' ll it was a friend ' s birthday that we ' d arranged like a month ago mm yeah yeah yeah erm so i said and we ' re leaving at midday he goes that ' s when we need cover and i said
629. far from me is that a good one? is that? yeah it ' s a good uni also yeah but his dad yeah it ' s terrible oh gosh did you hear about ' s friend? no perhaps suppose you didn ' t hear that? no mum knows him as well i think my dad knew him as well ran the pub down there he hung himself oh my erm big guy he
630. re getting on like ten centimetres mega wow and when you think was like what ten pound something he was an elephant wasn ' t he? yeah he was a beast no so i ' ve got a friend that erm she had her first child good friend she says she keeps having she ' s had flashbacks to the labour oh i di don ' t think it ' s fair that people say it because i
633. to happen and i think that ' s the key to it is to when you wake up to there is no destination yeah it ' s all about now yes yeah and i think no me and my friend have been talking for a coupl a couple of years and maybe even yeah a couple of years and we ' re both at turning twenty - five within a few days of each other mm and we sort
641. every time say something i ' m giving up on you something mm did you do school in french? mm mm okay this might sound really really stupid erm you know i told you about my spanish friend? yeah she said after she she did school in english she said after she ' d done school in english although she was still like completely fluent in spanish she had to do university in english because of like
648. the best bit okay then and everyone ' s like watching me like a massive table i was like oh i tried eating a brie and bacon erm er sandwich last week i met up with a friend to talk about some work and stuff and i just thought oh fuck it i ' ve had i had pepperoni like a couple of weeks ago on a pizza i thought fuck it everyone ' s always talking
649. he ' d made lamb curry did he? yeah so i rescued some of that rescued it the one time when i was in that predicament was you know the same gujarati my erm my friend from school like i used to literally live at her house she lived at mine and um mm and her mum ' s potato k like it was so so perfectly beautiful and they used to make very very thin
650. it ' s alright she ' s not here now thank god actually she could be she was in a couple of weeks ago she was because from the kitchen garden cafe told me she said oh your your friend was here pas pas pas pas told me oh yes was she in a clio broken down? was she? told me yeah apparently so because said oh your friend was here and i said oh which friend
657. what what ' s going on at the ball? mm who are you saying hello to? they ' re probably setting up have you got a bottle opener? er bottle opener? it ' s a friend of mine who ' s erm releasing erm an album wine opener oh right wine opener it should be right if you so i ' m just gonna go and say hi give him a bit of support
659. hiv and i started laughing and eh and it turned out that he was eh actually quite touchy about that subject that ' s nothing the erm eh sorry that is something erm mm but a friend of mine managed to so the first term at uni so we had a girl at our college who was a miserable cow erm but she looked even more miserable than all and it turned out her grandfather
660. standing out on the one day and came along and asked her oh who ' s died? yeah well it ' s quite easy to say that isn ' t it? eh there ' s actually a friend of mine in school and we were sitting in the physics class and this mate of mine didn ' t get on with this other mate of mine right and erm they were just having a go at each
661. cos i mean yeah i i probably as a child i felt nostalgic for burton - on - trent yeah and the person that i imagine feeling nostalgic for yeah would be my best friend ' s mum yeah cos she said oh me likkle cabbage would you like some treacle yeah yeah pi yes please you know treacle pie yeah and she ' d feed me up until i
663. it? yeah you do the touristy bit but then you start really exploring it like erm erm and were doing this like little known walks on london there was a book that her and her friend and yeah they ' re lucky that they ' ve got that apartment that they can go and stay in whenever so lucky so lucky you never saw it did you? did this sounds nice a wine bar al
666. but if i saw ' s face i ' d probably recognise him but er yeah he ' s quie he was quite quiet you would ' ve probably mm mm recognise him but erm when my friend came over he i d i hadn ' t known much about his ex - wife i know he ' s got two kids who are old in their mid - twenties mm and lovely lads by the sound of
669. s two players isn ' t it? no it ' s as many people as you want okay try that what ' s it called? rummy rummy i played it in with this nepalese friend of mine in portugal that ' s all we did that ' s all we did what was his name? what? had a nepalese friend called shut up ah he was quite a bit older than me
671. older than me though who are you sending that to? it ' s got echo in here man i think he likes it better when i say his name three four five six i snapchat my friend i saw her yesterday and i i was trying to persuade her to let me give her her number to a boy and i was going to give it to are you serious? but then she was like no
675. t have to be i like to be yeah ' s bad for it as well ' s bad you ' re definitely worse probably are i said to someone at work i went do you know what my friend called me the other day? anyway what? i went a wet vagina he just looked at me and went what? i went exactly was that? no you no you called me a wet vagina
676. you can digest and nothing to digest it with oh and then the spider takes over your brain and you become a giant spider oh my god that ' s horrible it ' s i ' ll tell my friend cos he writes horror stories oh boy is he gonna have oh a good one he ' s like the nicest man ever though but he does write horrible stories er well tell him okay and then it
679. them it was my ticket and i was like well you know what cos he was like he he annoyed me and he we went out last weekend as friends obviously mm and then for some reason my friend the one who ' s like overly flirty with everybody got his number mm and apparently she ' s been texting him all week which is fine because obviously like i ' m not interested anymore but still
682. her to refer me to the mental health services yeah because i think i ' ve ha you should yeah it ' ll be quicker as well like tell her if she says no just be like well my friend said that you referred so you can refer me you can refer me bitch you can refer me bitch but yeah i mean i don ' t even really see how this is gonna help me to be honest but
687. you know when i wonder how that affects law here because i mean it ' s i don ' t i ' m not sure i wondered that mm remember that crazy french girl that used to be a friend of ours? she did this remind me what she was like? well crazy young girl she was er erm what? what? very bouncy personality when when was this? actually i don '
689. borders you ' ve got lancashire and you ' ve got on the border so you ' ll be yeah you can do i like literally come over yeah that ' d be nice cos if ' s friend used to live in but worked at oh right so lived in yeah worked at and it wasn ' t that far away it was only sort of like thirty miles away yeah oh right and he used to do
690. later in the evening cos that that came in at at ten past two but she did send a a text at half past eleven which says hi hope you hope you get good news tomorrow have a friend who is head of an academy and it seems pretty brutal the way they do things they keep they keep piling on the work here and i ' m feeling knackered not just for the n not
692. you know yeah well tomorrow and and i are playing who ' s going to be the bride and pretend to walk down the aisle for timings nice it ' s weddings go go this weekend mm my friend at work rachel she ' s got a wedding but it ' s her housemate ' s brother ' s wedding and ' s supposed to be making the cake but she ' s been quite depressed recently and
693. ve got that to worry about we were in college it was actually and it was on his phone which was fine cos i trusted him i must admit i still trust him now mm and but my friend had gone on his phone and had found it and he was like holy fuck had seen it sent it to his own phone and that was it mm cos that ' s it cos it ' s
694. seven seconds because he got tested for genius level yeah and erm he ' d taken his erm maths a levels at ten what? who ' s this? my you know my really good friend in erm her brother ' s really really bright and he has a kid his boy is just is this the guy over the road? wow he ' s lovely but he just for christmas and birthdays
695. ##s before you go to bed isn ' t it when you ' re little mm yeah i used to look under the bed i used to look under the bed when i was little yeah i had a friend who i had to go and look under her we were staying in a hotel when we were nineteen oh gosh in in america and i had to go in and look under her bed before she went to
701. would start the odds are also they ' re started at some num number whatever and then that changes as to how many people are betting on it? yeah oh right so you i i had a friend who just spent every day just sitting in the bookie ' s can i yeah i know some of his mates that ' s plenty erm you know sometimes he ' d be five hundred quid up
705. his boyfriend ' s dog has has been has been has to been deported has been deported? he he ' d been to he ' s south african and he ' s been travelling with ' s best friend for like a year and a half er well er so at that point he came to england and just got he got he got a job at a shop obviously illegally and then he came legged it back three
706. s like sorry we only have this shower which is in a glass box right in the centre of town i know i go to edinburgh on friday as well for the festival? yeah it ' s my friend ' s hen do so we ' re going up there on friday and coming coming back sunday so i ' m looking forward it ' s like an arts drama festival isn ' t it? yeah the place
707. and turned it back on again mm yes okay then it must be broke mm we ' ll get it for you yeah it used to be far worse i i remember well remember i ' ve got a friend i don ' t know where is he working? in the council? no i think he ' s i don ' t know but he is an it guy and he said when windows ninety - five came
711. and and she thought it would be so nice to see an english wedding so she came into the church and that wasn ' t quite it and it was only later i realised that it was ' s friend did say to her er be quite good for you to see an english wedding yeah that ' s right ah that ' s why she took her along mm but how did know the wedding was on? i
713. it certainly wasn ' t something that i did in my childhood at all no well i can remember when we had the french exchange student over for i took this french girl around to the house where her friend was staying this other french girl and the girl opened the door and these two french girls kissed each other teenagers that was kind of normal for french french girls yeah well yes but i mean for us for us
714. told me he was gonna come and sort me out once oh christ dunno why well that ' s right it ' s right he sort of er he said something the other day about erm some friend of his you know really got him mad you know cos angry cos he ' d sort of like taken the mick about him you know like the you know not being able to keep a woman or
718. reason? huh? is that the only reason? well no i ' m sure it ' s a wonderful country with huge expansive rich culture to explore i do particularly like music i ' ve got a friend who ' s exploring erm cuba at the moment and she went to the buena vista social club yesterday nice which is like the music place of cuba and yeah years ago i saw the film buena vista social
719. of pounds owed by whom to whom you know it ' s all yeah i know i know it ' s all sort of really isn ' t it? yeah yeah careful with spanish though i had a friend who went to south america and used his spanish and i can ' t remember so don ' t quote me exactly but i think the word for prostitute and the word for hotel are quite similar so he was
727. go to talk about like sexism and feminism to like summoning the dead we ' re done with like serious i ' m done with serious okay wait wait who are we going to summon? my friend ' s dog died recently no we ' re not summoning a dog no no no no no one we know nothing we know just a demon no no no we need to start i want to summon someone
731. it wit was like fill in the blanks and it had like the first letter of each word so it was like wee wee like competitive games wee held every four years and it said oh and my friend said special olympics is it? yeah are you are you serious? yeah are you? yeah are you serious? yeah think it was? i don ' t know i just thought special like s like?
733. s nice you like sour cream do you? yes oh yes yeah you can get yourself a oh right a book full of er things for your little ipad then? that ' s right yes yes a friend of mine ' s got my lots of my cookery books in the gulf but she ' s going to bring them back for me in august oh well it ' s a help now she ' s bringing
740. oh right okay erm but he ' s well he ' s living with his mum actually in but erm he ' s looking to move i think he ' s just found a flat with some friend in yeah but like i got spannered and got a taxi home that cost me a lot of money yeah just one of those things just don ' t really analyse it yeah exactly just don '
742. not where led zeppelin i know they recorded in wales i think zeppelin have done stuff there as well yeah rockfield studios yeah so how do you know john robins? he used to live with a friend of mine ah mm what ' s the dirty low down on him? hot gossip erm he ' s quite a he ' s quite a drinker he is quite a drinker yeah quite intense isn
743. seville and then it ' ll go and here ' s a picture of a bus crash or whatever bloody hell ah what was this thing you did this morning about tents? oh it ' s er a friend of mine ' s erm put me in touch with a woman who is working on festivals putting up bell tents and she ' s just looking for someone to do some work what ' s a bell tent
744. she ' s kind of oh does she? talked me up a little bit so hopefully that ' ll do me some good er but yeah just doing odd and sods at the minute just helping a friend out with some camera work next week for he works for uni oh you got to chew in you got at chew it a bit more mm yeah or wash it down but how many teeth have you got
745. not stressed or anything like no no your blood pressure ' s alright? blood pressure ' s fine yeah it ' s just probably too much cheese and milk and potatoes and bread and stuff like that mm friend our friend down er suffolk he had the same thing and he ' s cut out all carbo most carbohydrates right? and he ' s gone like a skeleton there ' s a programme
746. or anything like no no your blood pressure ' s alright? blood pressure ' s fine yeah it ' s just probably too much cheese and milk and potatoes and bread and stuff like that mm friend our friend down er suffolk he had the same thing and he ' s cut out all carbo most carbohydrates right? and he ' s gone like a skeleton there ' s a programme on television
747. it and that ' s why they go and get tested but something like that you just yeah it just pops up yeah i mean it was only a routine check yeah huh it ' s like ' s friend er sister she went for a blood test when she got pregnant and she had a blood test because they give pregnant women blood tests yeah and then they they told her she had some er m er um le
749. it for free he probably did then those things are actually i don ' t know is it star wars stuff? no it ' s a house yeah it ' s boring which one? no because my friend the person who erm he gave us this the little gingerbread house he went he ' s really into star wars and there ' s like limited edition yeah lego stuff ah restaurant there ' s like limited
750. look like exactly cos they ' re just they ' re very similar to crows and whatnot aren ' t they? yeah to be honest i wouldn ' t ' ve known the difference but a friend of mine who knows about birds oh i see said that they were ravens and that that they were ravens and that ravens stick together and crows are more solitary so oh is that right? you can see flock
751. ve become really comfortable and a few weeks ago when i had to go out for my work ' s do i was really on edge yeah and i didn ' t like it and i was with my friend rachel rachel who i get on with really well but i was leaving all of the conversations to her yeah so i was like her shadow mm basically yeah yeah and i was like god you ' re so boring
752. night standing round with you know with your arms crossed mm when you ' re not really trying to do that but then you ' re really awkward mhm and the only reason it stopped is because my friend came back to uni she had a lot of time off er with depression and anxiety she came back and we were out maybe the fourth or fifth time we were out came with us and she had a
754. m gonna get back in it but thirty - four double d one day one day another one that ' s er what are you over there? ah oh what ' s that? that ' s my friend liz that ' s fr in austria aw that ' s oh okay yeah fat fat no no no looks really different there doesn ' t he? he looks very serious doesn ' t he look very skinny though
755. can never show you i can never show anyone but they ' re appalling i don ' t know if that ' s particularly healthy i don ' t think it is aw that was for my friend ' s birthday in my sailor top nice these are all keepsakes really my first yeah hull uni hoodie lyon nice pu pub crawl yeah you don ' t wanna get rid of that stuff but then
756. beyonce there ' s also people that we hate that are now skinny that were really fat mhm and i ' ll get you the picture of my sister that i hate the most that ' s my friend she ' s so skinny she had a hot bum oh this is this is my first first ever boy you can ' t see him very good cos the mm glue ' s coming through aw yep this
758. yep really bad i suppose that ' s it if you ' ve gotta send stuff from abroad i owe the french government six hundred pounds good normal can ' t fly back there for a while yeah my friend ' s like that with greece she didn ' t pay some sort of tax at the airport and she can ' t go back in the country so that ' s so that ' s interesting mhm she
759. ' t really be on my course i don ' t think but la la la yeah they were just so crap at life that if i was enrolled there or not they would never have known literally my friend did really er enrol there i didn ' t i paid to go to a private university instead so mm at least i can prove that i was there okay cos you only have to prove that you
769. why? i don ' t know i mean why would they d? we couldn ' t understand why she ' d want her child had dual citizen that ' s right chinese citizenship no well ' s friend yeah they had the baby ' s birth at the same time yeah but that ' s what one of em come back to edinburgh where she lived yeah so she could get british citizenship and chinese sh citizenship mm
770. called that was his middle name yeah what are you looking at? i just sort of noticed that sort of dome thing you got oh that ' s a that ' s a load of wood that a friend of ours dropped there oh yeah and er and he ' s put a over the top of it covered it up cos of winter just to keep it nice and damp inside probably yeah so it ' ll
771. phoned me up something did i tell you? no well somebody erm from near yeah? and erm so well no she didn ' t phone she sent an email said i ' m a friend of ' s and oh yes you did say yeah yeah yeah erm so if she doesn ' t find anybody to do it at a sensible price for her i ' ve said look later on in the
772. paid cash oh he did cos i took it back there was no bill there was no bill to give him so he just gave me this carrier bag with stuff in it to take back well our friend mm when he went he went to visit somebody he knew so he mentioned his name but er he went to visit him and he weren ' t there he went in the house cos it mm cos
776. the afternoon he said i ' ve got to go do this thing with the boys yeah i ' ve got a i ' ve got a do a few things i was supposed to go to see my friend today and have dinner and hmm but she ' s got a stinking cold so nice so in my head it ' s more like right well i ' ve got to leave by lunch time probably and then
779. hmm outside all day that ' s yeah all day more financially and mo like physically and mentally exhausting y exactly yeah so i think he ' s gonna take he ' s on the house and his friend ' s and i was a bit like mixed feelings about that but hmm you know he ' s ultimately it ' s about the kids isn ' t it? yeah that ' s it why not be?
782. ' s a pg dip so you get a post graduate diploma which just means that you ' ve done all the course work and all the classes up until like main or whatever that ' s what my friend got but he went for pgc so oh okay he didn ' t really want a masters yeah exactly fine and he just got it that ' s fine so yeah if you ' re teaching that ' s
783. to my mum and i got up doing this and doing that we went to this and you know we ' re doing that and i ' m going to the theatre tonight and you know cos my friend al worked there so i stayed there all the time and could meet all the people backstage and it sounds very exciting it was a really exciting life and i guess when i moved to cambridge it all stopped just
784. for another year which is fine i mean to be honest i ' ve if if i ' m going to start navy then i ' ll just bulk pay half hmm uh um but also i owe my friend about four hundred pounds or five hundred pounds which i thought i had paid off he ' s just kept to himself all this time cos basically when i moved down here i had a grand savings uh hmm
790. off these days yeah what ' s going on? so it ' s all very it ' s all been very weird and that ' s really hurtful isn ' t it really? yeah that your friend is obsessed just seems to be a bit more concerned about the money yes than that ' s the thing your feelings and i spoke to and she ' s not heard anything from him either full stop really?
791. i do i ' ll have to get one before i go away anyway yeah definitely maybe they ' ll do you a special deal probably cos actually they in fact i know they do because like my friend her brother ' s just joined the navy navy officially had his passing out in december and he gets a specialty with volvo specialty with hewitt packard what else does he get a special deal with? lots of big
792. ' s worth them so yeah i i think we ' ll the bike and be for his birthday and he absolutely loves and we have no space for it the train sets last christmas but he his little friend has one on a table and they have like this whole world and a bridge and all this and he just plays on it the whole time he ' s there yeah are you serious? he ' s in
793. really want to be there though well it w i was there when i got back from travelling so four years ago that was when met her future husband because he came round to the house mm was a friend of her sister ' s oh that was the night they met and i was there ah and we had a house party because her parents because it ' s a long weekend her parents bought a caravan on the
794. and she used to do spiritual trai like healing healer training ritual something mm like all about spirits and like healing and all that kind of stuff yeah as the name implies and erm i had a friend in the village can ' t remember her name i know it was ' s mum my sister ' s friend and erm she used to do it i remember one day they were in the living room talking
795. healing and all that kind of stuff yeah as the name implies and erm i had a friend in the village can ' t remember her name i know it was ' s mum my sister ' s friend and erm she used to do it i remember one day they were in the living room talking and i came in and my mum ' s friend just randomly asked they must have been talking about it and
796. know it was ' s mum my sister ' s friend and erm she used to do it i remember one day they were in the living room talking and i came in and my mum ' s friend just randomly asked they must have been talking about it and she just said go over to that corner over there in the room do you feel anything? so i did and whatever and i was like yeah it
797. and erm again you know exhausted cos we prayed it was good oh she told me the psalm ninety - one which is a really lovely psalm lovely and the was there and er she had a friend from church oh a spanish lady with two kids so there were like about ffffour kids running around yeah yeah it ' s quite nice you know quite nice yeah to have that sort of noise erm
798. do it some at some point somewhere yeah maybe in japan i have to go to yeah do it do it do it but i just you know cos i don ' t have a car and my friend ' s not there and my mother doesn ' t drive and my father works in ireland you know i ' m very immobile when i go home that ' s why i don ' t i ' m
799. was something or other yeah diff oh and er this w obviously it ' s before paris so oh okay and i was a bit like oh and then but he seemed fine and yeah and then his friend turned up oh yes? rather than him like he was oh yeah? you know cos i have to hand over the keys yeah oh right and so kind of a woman in her forties so i
800. ? and cos i ' ve got my little cat ah but it ' s been fine i ' ve got the journey down to about an hour and a quarter yeah oh right cos where my friend lives so i go to mm in the cab and then i go from to mm which erm is about anything between twenty - three and thirty - five minutes that ' s nice yeah and then his flat
801. ' t i can ' t not be flexible well you seem to enjoy it in a way well you know i guess i guess i mean i guess i was lucky because you know i was lucky my friend is not really around and he ' s a he ' s a really old friend of mine i mean he ' s mm from my university friend yeah and erm he ' s ababsolutely
804. just depends on where your local kind of burial you know ground or your local cemetery would be but it ' s it ' s a bit yeah that can be problematic mm mm yeah yeah yeah i mean friend of mine actually his mum died last week yeah she i think it was alcoholism as well oh really? well yeah she ' d led an expat lifestyle where it was so easy to drink yeah i
805. liked a tipple erm quite a lot and then i suppose boredom sets in and she just got used to drinking during the day mm right now i never saw her drinking during the day but my friend who is a really good friend well we all used to go to school together it was ' s mum who died but who i know and she went out there to spend some time on a family holiday and
809. know and then you ' re going home to bed mm mm and then you ' re going to sleep and then you ' re not burning any of it off what might happen is what happened to my friend she was all throughout her twenties pretty much erm really quite well she doctors would call her obese i mean not like some of the people on television you see nothing like that no but yeah definitely what
810. be m far too long it erm i hadn ' t erm i hadn ' t noticed and it was all on and there was a this speaker had a photograph of er her daughter and her friend in the kitchen of course it was it was north america and erm they were perched on these stools it must have been north america and erm they were all erm hunched over their mobile phones
813. and oh dear i ' ve sinned suddenly there was lots moments like that but erm yeah mm individuals and whatnot and yeah er but i mean i guess cos i ' ve got a friend er who i work with a lot and she ' s got two children who they ' re a bit older than and and i ' ve known her i ' ve worked with her for years almost twenty years
815. you we ' ll see you can i grab a banana? of course you can darling thank you very much just take it just er grabbing a banana auntie and just get it how ' s your friend ' s toe? is it still painful? oh someone else has broken their toe? oh yeah yeah yeah well she walks on it a lot she says she ' s gonna have to go back well let
819. of english or something like that you ' ll get more cor it ' s not much is it? mummy no my friend ' s i mean i ' m on mummy my friend ' s my friend ' s done her pgce and she came out with mummy what am i on? twenty twenty - two? mummy mummy if you think that you need a degree mummy and then a pgce hold on
820. my friendship with him? mm mm six months? mm and then through my sister i was complaining that i didn ' t ever meet any greek men and she was at university in kent and her good friend was a greek guy and sh they put me in touch with their friend in erm in athens er he was a very tall greek mm probably as tall as in contrast to the gynaecologist mm
821. my sister i was complaining that i didn ' t ever meet any greek men and she was at university in kent and her good friend was a greek guy and sh they put me in touch with their friend in erm in athens er he was a very tall greek mm probably as tall as in contrast to the gynaecologist mm so erm we ' d all go you used to oh right and
822. ' s always exchanged christmas cards with her and so we did go and see her when we went to poland about fifteen years ago and erm but not since? no and so mm she through a friend is in touch with this mongolian guy who erm knew quite well who he taught to speak english i think it ' s lovely that you might get to see him well it ' s not happened yet mm
823. anyone to interfere with me mm did your mother interfere? no but when i was in greece with babies i mean god mm it the you know mm being told all the time what to do ' s friend er ' s erm son and partner just had twins and erm she ' s desperate cos she doesn ' t think they ' re doing anything you know it ' s really really difficult they were
824. been people putting stuff on the internet about similar people that did similar things and did i tell you that erm in her papers there were some bits of russian on on some bits of paper so the friend in daughter speaks russian and so she translated it and one of them was a death certificate of one of her children died in kazakhstan but she always said she had a baby on the train that died on the
825. then and he was down for the weekend or something and we went to see my sister no we lived in i lived in london in a house and there was a party over the road and he his friend knew the guy who was giving the party so we met at this party he ' d met another woman the week before and it was a toss of the coin who he phoned up really? he came
826. it was a toss of the coin who he phoned up really? he came in and i seemed to rather like tall blonde blokes i ' d had a tall blonde german boyfriend and my friend said to me he looks your type you could probably make him lose weight never managed that so that ' s where we met and then when his father died he got a job down here he wanted to come
827. knee sort of like like that she could see the bone mm great big cut as big as that and so she phoned up he was out kite surfing didn ' t answer his phone phoned her friend didn ' t answer and then luckily a couple of people came along on bikes and they phoned the ambulance which got there just at the same time as her friend actually got there to pick up a bike
828. t answer his phone phoned her friend didn ' t answer and then luckily a couple of people came along on bikes and they phoned the ambulance which got there just at the same time as her friend actually got there to pick up a bike so she was in hospital overnight and had to have an operation to sew it up really? te twelve stiches was that before or after the wedding?
829. guarantee i think if you have good looking parents i mean even then it ' s still not totally guaranteed that that they way that their jeans will merge together will create a good looking child i had a friend when i played netball called hayley who was really like she was a model you know like stupidly good looking yeah and her mom and dad were both like funny looking people her dad looked like max from
833. ' re like year yeah that was a bit more tea drinky wasn ' t it? well in some do like a good walk yeah like we saw friends and yeah things so erm saw my friend who you ' ve met erm oh yeah mm yeah who has a small mm small baby so we have a pizza with baked beans on it it ' ll take a bit of like getting in there the
834. that ' s erm well that was the beginning and then as well as that they had these three questions one of which was if you were organising a music festival how would you do it? my friend organises music festivals yeah so she knows exactly how to do it i ' ve just seen this amazing job at the and she still doesn ' t get the bloody erm job well she got an interview
835. one girl said that she sent in those answers so many times and she changed her answers so many times and you know so they were completely different and she still didn ' t get get in yet her friend who put the same answers got in it it ' s stupid they must do it randomly and that that that that ' s unfair though because oh i i don ' t know it ' s ju it '
836. true oh he is actually named after er he likes to he likes trying it does well it was even worse actually do you wanna move this a bit closer to mine? named after my dad ' s friend from the children ' s home that ended up committing suicide so even more joyful yeah my dad was telling me the other day there you go just like your high chair high chair table mum he named ten
838. yeah meet up with yeah? she ' s really nice i love my mentor i love her too i love all my mentors yes you ' ve got some special people i should ' ve asked my friend to be your mentor really yeah she ' s quite fun as well she ' s really cool yes we ' re getting near aren ' t we to getting this wing on your spaceship? sp er sounded like
839. just being silly yeah superman i think one of the teachers should dress up as matilda it ' s a shame that the school didn ' t do world book day isn ' t it? yeah but my friend who writes books is who is very silly he was suggesting silly things to do for world book day he was saying he could wear a t - shirt with the word and written on it so you are you
841. joke so they didn ' t really do that but anyway can we see the picture? er i ' ll have to show you later if i can find it cos it was a friend of a friend and i can ' t well i ' ll see if i can find it okay what would you have gone as if you if it ' d actually been celebrated erm i gone as and i ' d
844. re going out? got a table booked for half nine for food it ' s twenty - five past eight now but the written on my thing that she might be coming in for drinks i mean my friend works there she might get a table earlier but we can go in for drinks earlier we can go in whenever really is this this granny flat that you were on about? yeah and it ' s so annoying
845. guy yeah yeah thank you cheers what have you done about i got it back oh i didn ' t finish the story did i? yeah lost my phone cried my eyes out so me and ' s friend who i knew anyway cos i ' d met her before cos she came to leeds erm so we went round the bars and we were like oh you find like this girl cos was so
846. to the next door neighbour ' s to use their phone to order chinese delivery the bouncer from the nightclub dropped posted my phone through her letterbox with a letter saying oh i hope this is your friend ' s phone and it ' s not that knobhead on the front so while when she came back from ringing the chinese it was on the mat and she was like oh shit i ' ve got this
849. minute i ' m doing i ' m a secretary cool i ' m well so if i need an appointment i know where to come no i ' m working for mental health so i left oh my friend was in health care actually so interesting got into uni that time was like ' s girlfriend to this college right now when to college which is in leeds so if she gets in i ' ll probably see
850. couple of breakdowns like her mum i don ' t know what her mum ' s got wrong with her but like mm i ' m not sure sounds like bipolar yeah yeah you know what? my friend came back from ibiza and she had oh i get it ' s horrible oh yeah had it once do you remember that on a friday night and i literally was literally like shit and i was not my
851. of it he couldn ' t wait to go home cos i was doing his head in cos i was screaming my head off in the middle of the night erm i well i did my friend came back from ibiza she was really fucked up from it she was out there for like six weeks and she yeah and she erm she had it and i didn ' t really understand what it was
852. in a big group like well his place is always fully booked early on in so i rang up last night cos i go there quite a lot yeah and thought they ' d like cos my friend works on the phones as well we ' re probably seeing her tonight erm cos i thought it ' d be alright to see and i was like oh can i book them table of six for please
855. and up yeah we do sort of know from where the is as well yeah only cos we only when we were with we met up we went down to the beach and we met up with her friend that lives here and she took us to er it was it was called a japanese restaurant actually most of the staff were korean they were korean yeah one of the girls lived in er was from because where we
857. that no i i will send you this because that was very sweet for to get that flight d for some reason but this one particular guy we were we went to a pub quiz one night hmm my friend ' s girlfriend was doing it she she does stuff in nutrition and she was doing a a seminar we thought oh god let not sit through that so we nipped off to the pub and got involved in
858. thought oh no they definitely can ' t be oh my word no thinking glad i didn ' t say anything then yeah yeah cos you can can ' t you? yeah i mean i said to friend once said oh another baby on the way? she went no i was like ah oh sorry yeah it ' s er it ' s a food baby yeah she said like quite bloated you know?
859. years we knew he was getting towards the end even though it could mmaybe have been ten years or so he was getting to that last stage you know we ' ve got friends that er a friend of ours erm died recently in the village and she was eighty - eight and was that the funeral you had to go to? no that ' s erm that er that ' s coming up on
860. yeah we ' ve had a real run of just oh no yeah friends family just all sorts have they been all at an age? or no no some of them young? no i had er a friend at work who just who was fifty - seven just dropped down dead at home erm that was the first one this year oh then my dad then erm what was it? f then there was er
861. ##m a frien somebody that was er s he was somebody i grew up with erm yeah and hadn ' t seen for years but he then a couple of years ago started seeing a close family friend right so he was like in conversation again and then he he and the family friend came to my dad ' s funeral erm so he was w saw him again caught up with him and then he was
862. erm yeah and hadn ' t seen for years but he then a couple of years ago started seeing a close family friend right so he was like in conversation again and then he he and the family friend came to my dad ' s funeral erm so he was w saw him again caught up with him and then he was i mean he was only my age and he actually i d there was an accident
863. going out? oh are you not? what? yeah do what you wanna do? i don ' t care i don ' t care anymore i ' m at erm i ' m at my friend ' s house so i ' ve gotta go whatever erm hold on a minute are you erm didn ' t have to answer it no sorry about this but i am gonna answer it so where '
868. at like three technically she could probably come for like a few hours oh yeah so and so could yeah i thought that was quite early and so could yeah so yeah we we well ' s ' s friend like they ' re going to some sort of gig or something in the evening in and then because we ' re doing a barbecue and stuff as well we thought oh it does we don ' t want it
869. to you? i said thailand and all that kind of stuff it ' s nice if we just do some stuff on our own because he always plans stuff right? like just invites people places like his friend came over from erm that he met in australia and he came down last weekend and they went to this party that i could ' ve gone to but because his mate was there like i didn ' t
870. on our holiday right? then right i ' m like whatever so we ' re going to lee evans and then we were going to winter wonderland the next day now his t uncle is coming and his friend her friend and his mum and right? okay so whatever and we ' ve got see these things planned that we ' ve got one weekend right? and er on the twenty - seventh of november that weekend
872. you think that fucking cost? and then because we didn ' t realise she was coming back for christmas day obviously my dad hadn ' t made any plans and i spent christmas day at my parents ' friend ' s house who are in their fucking seventies i got dragged along from nine o ' clock in the morning until god knows how late at night literally just sitting there like i would literally rather be in bed
873. that might change but he loves gravy yeah you see he can ha you know when he has yorkshires he ' ll mm pour the gravy onto the yorkshire i ' ve got a friend that doesn ' t like onion if it ' s not like and she and she says the onion i she doesn ' t like the texture when it ' s been cooked she says it ' s a funny
874. but when you get to the teenagers you start thinking mm some of them are quite intimidating aren ' t they? i mean i ' d do the i ' d do the little ones mm but my friend erm she ' s got a little boy he ' s six and er he can be a handful yeah i mean i can go round there sit talk to him play a game and he ' s absolutely
875. hear the shouts when people got wickets and but you could actually hear the thwack on the bat right if it was still you know yeah yeah oh yeah that field now is all overgrown because my friend lives is it? not backs onto it and it ' s all overgrown oh yeah we now it ' s got horses on it now has it? it ' s not it ' s not a playing field
876. up for sale the house oh right yeah but erm yeah i spent many an hour at playing football an for the school and an cricket that ' s right when i go home that ' s my friend lives there near just where the playing field was and i walk by the river there yeah with the dog yeah oh right yeah because i there was a guard who used for me in his er daughter lives on
877. today ' s far worse apparently yeah that ' s right i would go back but i would only go back i wouldn ' t go back with anybody who had never been i would go back with my friend who was there at the same time as me mm and have her there because we kind of we understood it then and we can kind of see how it is now yeah and we we you just have to
878. ' strike yeah that ' s when you got caught up with the miners ' strike yeah yeah yeah the eighty - odd miners ' strike yeah and the nineteen ninety - four i remember i went see my friend in and erm i i the only dealings i ' d ever had with the police were all friendly you know a copper is friendly mm and what they did in the miners ' strike they bussed them
879. me otherwise i would have been stuck secondary school yeah erm with bunches of kids in the class who didn ' t want to learn anyway and not only that i think that my husband and a friend of mine erm they both erm failed exams and tests to stay with their mates and that ' s that ' s another thing that you get when you ' ve got a bright kid yeah well that
880. went to grammar in the war did he? because my nan when when the erm blitz started or whatever yeah or when the war started my nan decided to and she had relatives or at least a friend over in and she him got into grammar for a couple of years before he had to join up mm which was quite good but no is a most fantastic school yeah it was number six in the country but
888. can you just take those? yes because that ' s actually ' s and she might like a cup of that later it it ' s probably indicative of his underlying dishonesty yeah and your family friend was very disrespectful as well which one? that old woman oh there that that woman and got away with it when we went to their house? yeah she was a fucking bitch that
890. at college i think so we went and watched that through the night and it was like oh yeah i think they did that just recently with harry potter did they? oh my god they did yeah my friend went to watch all five and one saturday night they did like one to three and then they did four to six yeah yeah and then seven ' s in two bits isn ' t it so yeah that was
892. if you cross and go outside of the town sort of thing but eh taxis man they ' re a joke i mean when and when it snowed you know six weeks ago or whatever it was my friend lives in but she was in the city we were going to meet on the saturday night but she was with her fella during the day i think i was home waiting to hear from her and then the
893. america was the americans but they were in honesty really good yeah they are nice i do like them i mean they ' re all batty as hell i mean even before i was travelling with my australian friend cos i met her when i was in san francisco and we carried on together even before i met her the australians co the americans can ' t tell the difference between an english and an australian accent so
896. got one of the faces everyone wants to talk to him and he ' s sort of the good side of alcoholism you know not far away from the bad side right and eh he ' s got a friend called who own s an island in scotland as you do as you do he inherited it from his father and on the island it ' s off the sk em paris lewis is it lewis and harris they were
897. than die in a plane mm so if you win the lottery the day before you fly maybe think again yeah maybe walk passed that part get the car but no it was really funny actually my si my friend was saying to me the other day you ' ve got the same chance of walking up to a stranger in the street and guessing their house number than you do of winning the lottery cos it ' s
899. out indeed we ' ll have to change it not right now no not right now so what are you looking forward to this summer? swimming a lot i ' m going to mm hm with my best friend and there ' s also a lake rented out got a lake rented out that no one uses which my dad ' s girlfriend rented out and it ' s like a lake and there ' s diving boards into
900. as well if we have time mm so i ' m looking forward to that yeah also looking forward to camping no actually no i can ' t camp i ' m looking forward to going over to my friend ' s house for a sleepover and when ' s that? that is somewhere somewhere after the exams not sure of the date exactly whose friend ' s house? erm and ' s okay yeah ii
902. t need to be my birthday over there it doesn ' t need to be all about anyone there it ' s just i just want to do something that i like and that would be going round my friend ' s house doesn ' t need to be for my birthday it ' s just that ' s what i would like to do and it doesn ' t ha i don ' t ha i don ' t
903. just be up in my room with not much space and they ' d all have like sleeping bags and be all cramped up in my room so that ' d be really but if i went to my friend ' s house we could like bring sleeping bags and sleep in their living room we could go on the xbox we could be as loud as you want i see but something else you might like to do do
904. panelled skirt or mm erm any of those sort of ones that you need seams in so erm she was dab hand at doing that from little bits of material and of course my friend was in her element when she was er came round because she loved sewing mm so mum and her would be patterning and looking at this that and the other sorting things out did they make things together?
905. could do we didn ' t see all of it yesterday mm shall we d shall we have a go at doing that now? we could do that yes i haven ' t actually heard back from my friend erm the great sewer who er if she ' s been watching that programme mm be interesting to hear what she thought about it yes perhaps it doesn ' t appeal to sewers i don ' t know
908. s not what you think anyway what are you thinking? i was worried it was about your friend oh it is oh i thought you were gonna say about ' s mum no it is you know my friend that had cancer? no mm last year and she had got over it or she ' s had a scan and it hadn ' t erm come b it it was okay right and she was fine but
909. see a bit of the world i genuinely can ' t you can ' t you can ' t can you? can ' t do anything yeah well there is yeah no no no there ' s a friend of ours in the and he had bowel cancer but he did have ten years so you know they did and the daughters were grown up so they were able to travel and to do this and yeah yeah
910. ##lous note are you doing that hockey bonfire this saturday have you heard? no you ' re not? because we might you know we might ' ve done but erm we are going to my best friend from university they live in and when we were at college they they always used to have a bonfire party at their house and erm when they we left and they got married they always used to every year
911. i wanted to do we couldn ' t plan anything no couldn ' t plan anything just waiting for the phone well yeah because i didn ' t know you know? one t i ' ve got a friend that was acting in a play at that i ' d said i ' d go and support her but then i ' d got a rehearsal tuesday night i ' d got a rehearsal thursday night myself which only
912. i ' d got a rehearsal thursday night myself which only l and then the boys had got ffootball practice on wednesday which only left friday but we wanted to go and see peter pan because our friend was playing peter pan and we wanted to go and see that at the then had got a gothic reading that he wanted me to come to oh gosh erm said oh i ' m gonna do a
913. the first one and was wondering whether he ' d get away with leaving at the interval mm leaving depending on how how how he was feeling at the happy acting well i remember now because i saw my friend had put it on facebook so with a fish and chip supper and i thought oh think that ' s the thing you told me was involved in yeah but that ' s finished now so yeah that one '
914. are always good fun aren ' t they? did go with you? no of course not i couldn ' t imagine oh gosh do you know? there ' s a it ' s a our friend in the village it ' s her ' s the physio that i took to actually so but it ' s her son who was at school with but he ' s now gone to school and he
916. county yes thing yeah so in all fairness i would rather he had a good night ' s sleep a bowl of pasta and a good night ' s sleep so i ' m going by myself but another friend of ours she said she felt she should go and support erm and none of her family wanted to go so i said well you can come with me there you go but i said to you know is
917. in the village mm you know everybody mm and last no he didn ' t go last year cos we were away on holiday but the year before which is the last time he went they took a friend who had a little brother who ' s like you know i said you are f about five foot ten now mm you ' re fourteen you can ' t go trick or treating to people that don ' t
919. of exercise but i ' ve also worked quite hard at sorting my own brain out and making myself mm yeah better and trying to put things in order and understand things and think i told you about a friend on the train who yes yes you did yeah we had some stuff to look at and everything and then i when erm the doctor puts you in touch with these counselling people and they ' re well
920. shop she said well someone following you to the shop sounds like somebody who really cares i said let me just put it into perspective i probably wasn ' t helping myself i said i ' ve got a friend called and i said when i was poorly one weekend i said i can ' t do this because i ' m not very well duh - duh - duh and she said sorry to hear about
923. nothing for that over in england it ' s like he ' s got so much five - bedroom house swimming pool it ' s crazy isn ' t it yeah loads of land it ' s mental my friend ' s just bought my friend ' s father has just bought five hundred the size of five hundred american football fields ' worth of land in kentucky really? for like not very much i mean it cost a
924. it ' s like he ' s got so much five - bedroom house swimming pool it ' s crazy isn ' t it yeah loads of land it ' s mental my friend ' s just bought my friend ' s father has just bought five hundred the size of five hundred american football fields ' worth of land in kentucky really? for like not very much i mean it cost a lot of money but it '
925. they ' ll go on in there he ' s made up with it he used to be an immigration officer at first in heathrow and then he wanted to move up so i ' ve got a friend and he ' s he ' s an immigration officer is he? well yeah he is it is that he ' s not he ' s a bit cagey about what he is doing but yeah he '
928. in coventry in the cathedral and i want to in which case you say right you can pay for it or at the definitely not gonna happen the coach and twelve horses there ' s there ' s a friend of mine who reckons he can prove that the more you spend on the marriage the less likely you are to survive your future life as a as a married couple he reckons well why? looking ar
929. no i mean the to be honest with you we we pay into erm it all started because i was is quite a good bank we always went to them when i was paying i was paying a friend cos you know you can get these erm park erm thingy park what ' s it called? erm and you pay in every week or every month and then you get the voucher
930. next thirty seconds we ' ll be quiet enjoy for the first time i love it in fifty something years i would be so happy so happy the other thing that er happened was cos erm a friend of the family who actually lives in america i ' ve met her a couple of times she was over and she had a couple of days before her flight back so booked a holiday cottage paid for out of
933. legal? i don ' t know i don ' t know have they still got one order? what? they had one order yeah yeah are you going? er no i just remembered cos my friend from malaysia erm had a christmas tree in malaysia on her story rose bud rose bud in malaysia they have a they have a huge christmas tree in malaysia every year it ' s massive and now this is
934. be people that you can stay with if you come back to visit so that ' s not a problem i was planning to go to japan on friday night i had it all laid out talking to my friend in the pub on friday and i was just like yeah that ' s it i ' m going to japan but then no but i ' m not going to japan because of the i ' d forgotten about
935. in the world ever if anybody ever says come with me for a night in barnsley say fuck off cos honest to god it is bad it is so bad i will i ' ll be like my friend said fuck off i ' m not going yeah it ' s so bad it ' s so so rough really like you ' ve never seen anything like it there ' s not a place where you wouldn '
940. free it was straight enough it ' s fine it ' s really difficult on a girl choose somewhere that ' s not too sluttish findable butch butch - like or sluttish like my friend got a a flower tattooed on her back and it was nice and after that she got like a panther on her arm no ooh panther? which is really butch butch lesbian is that the one you had
941. it looks absolutely amazing mm i ' d quite like that actually i don ' t want it up my side i want it up the front to the top of my ribs just below the boob my friend who ' s who skinnier than have you seen? yeah yeah you ' ve seen her here haven ' t you? her first tattoo was i don ' t know some sort of flower i don '
942. three month i listened to everyone told him what they were saying in english and he replied in italian cos he could study and remember it that ' s weird isn ' t it? yeah and my friend because i know her because she came over the year before to our university in hull as a teacher of languages she was a student but that ' s what you do do the exchange so we went back over
943. get up at seven to go to work bless her so she ' s really poorly so she managed to drag herself there on friday with better hair so that was good em and then my mum ' s friend and and i used to work with they ' re like turkish girls they ' re really nice i haven ' t seen them for ages so actually it was quite a nice evening they ' d bought my mu
945. of that i don ' t want him to think that i wanna see where he ' s living too he ' s living in the same halls as yeah that ' s a bit random yeah ' s friend lived in as well oh really? exactly the same er is it nice? it ' s not the same building yeah she said er yeah she ' s in a flat he ' s in a house she
946. say it seems to be the way it is now cos everyone ' s got these applications they download to their phones and some of them are dating ones and mm you can take the castle out our friend is having a baby he met her online my friend met online well that ' s what he said to me what if she ' s the one? what if? mm and did you say what just out
948. grand i think it might be checkmate checkmate you ' re checkmate you ' re checkmate it ' s awful innit? no yeah it ' s quite i couldn ' t believe your friend she was on tv i can ' t believe it arrested in he ' s beaten me i didn ' t see that coming he beat you? brilliant what do you say when you beat him? do you
950. er sor basically the same temperature i guess so paris can also be quite cold did you er did you just go to see someone have a good time or what? erm sort of both a friend of me and ' s from new york was there for work and we and he stayed on a bit longer so we all hung out together oh right in paris for a few days where do you stay?
951. was there for work and we and he stayed on a bit longer so we all hung out together oh right in paris for a few days where do you stay? erm we stayed in ' s friend has an apartment in in the yes arrondissement so we stayed there well that sounds nice in a very tiny tiny tiny little apartment is it? it ' s like one room they do of course the french yeah
952. ##gots we went in erm when we were in mexico did i see you since we went i went to mexico? actually no no you ' re such a traveller we went to mexico and our friend erm he had sort of got a really expensive fish did a fishing trip sort of sports fishing it ' s er seven hours long in deep sea and you ' re meant to catch like huge fish oh
955. ' t think we ever want another not left - wing erm but but he ' s he ' s erm corrupt for sort of big business you know? is he? erm er my friend is is er quite i think quite passionate about leftist politics on so who ' s he gonna vote for? dunno probably green what i haven ' t worked out is what happens if you vote for green
956. ##bsolutely great that ' s alright erm let me just show you something that that will er interest you if you keep sitting there i can go where this is erm this is my friend who ' s become a very very successful artist he ' s very clever erm and where is it? and i ' m in oh other artists the approach i just went to see it yesterday er three
957. ' s right that ' s why a really special kind of silver is it? so i did you bring some back? no erm so it so you can go there and sort of oone friend she sort of started a school tto teach people how to make jewellery there ' s some art schools there erm which is i expe i think that must be a sort of there ' s nobody
958. i think that must be a sort of there ' s nobody in er it ' s like a small town quite small and if they ' ve got you know two art schools and erm my other friend had a restaurant there and they sell this internationally do they? this jewellery? i think so yeah well and it ' s sort of re sort of it ' s ch sort of very cheap to live there
959. it was just gonna be me and but we went to new york on christmas day and i had a really good time there and er sort of picked up two more people which is erm like a friend who ' s who we were in paris with who ' s a chef and then er erm tut ' s friend called so we had four of us sort of and then had friends already in san
960. and er sort of picked up two more people which is erm like a friend who ' s who we were in paris with who ' s a chef and then er erm tut ' s friend called so we had four of us sort of and then had friends already in san miguel so the f but the four of us got a car and drove it to the the coast that sounds really great it
961. nice and she ' s a er er er writes on art erm and when i first met her her name was and then they changed it to after the whole aids epidemic yeah same thing well my friend who has this publishing house and used to have a gallery he ' s just published a book he had erm he ' s in his early fifties and he ' s a rather interesting character gay and clever
962. can you can you can tell me about that and write it down and erm i just think it ' d be quite a nice thing to do yeah i wish i w i remember one time my friend in berlin told me such er i wish it was recorded her telling me this story about how one time she and her friends they sort of er knew a little bit about boats but not really they ' d
964. i didn ' t even realise i was going for a job in sydney and they were all they were all there oh really? actually they used to come and play football on the beach and mm my friend do you know that ' s maradona? really? no i can ' t really i can ' t see a thing and he he wasn ' t tall was he? no he was very s
966. they just kept on telling me like to do that and like i don ' t know that ' s the thing i was talking about this article and i said you know like i ' ve got this friend who ' s doing like babysitting stuff and she babysits these kids who go to a private school and they ' re in yea and they ' re in year two and they had a
967. to be funny though or interesting or you can take really nice photos of sunsets she doesn ' t have any did you see the eclipse? you didn ' t right? no it was cloudy my friend saw it in latvia yeah cos it wasn ' t cloudy in latvia yeah i istanbul the in istanbul yeah they put them everywhere i didn ' t know that she went to see lol lol oh
970. like totally like bosses her fiance around like and then she ' s talking about this guy called and i guess ' s mum was staying with them in their apartment and i thought that she lived with her friend who had a kid called you know the way she was talking about it lol she ' s like to don ' t your doesn ' t your mum like make funny noi like do you i thought
972. guy now oh the painter guy? yeah but yeah so then i ' m so i ' m that ' s in tuscany and i think i ' m going to rome like a week before like our friend ' s coming who can drive and we ' re going to like go round italy oh mm wait when is that? thirteenth of april i think we ' re going it ' s not actually that it '
973. scared of i don ' t know how to untangle it let me just do some experimenting oh that ' s easy man it ' s one of those thank god what am i going to tell my friend? tell her i ' m suing her lol like if this it ' s a bit like you ' ve got to like fiddle a bit so like what the fuck? yeah right that ' s
974. come on then i think these are the up strings though yeah man they ' re definitely up now how do you? i know oh fucking hell anyway oh my god why don ' t you call your friend and like maybe actually i know what ' s probably happening change of combination who doesn ' t? i know if anybody ' s watching from the outside street they ' re laughing at us i thought you '
975. an inkling and then i wrote that on my blog i wrote like i ' ve gotta hope my mum didn ' t know about this blog i hope like hasn ' t told her and then my friend just texted me this morning that i ' m gonna be really honest with you me and like erm wrote a message to your auntie on facebook like telling her like we ' re worried about you er
976. ' ve got you know like i ' m seeing counselling and stuff so they don ' t need to worry mm mm and she was like okay that ' s fine and then and then my other friend though who ' s the one who actually wrote the message i ' m trying to get in contact with her but she ' s not replying to me no so i don ' t actually know if she
978. not that sad yeah but i ' m like surely you are though because you ' re my sister yeah like you know i know mm so it ' s quite strange but then again my sister ' s friend posts really depressing shit so i could just like why do we get so much flak for it? like we everyone does it yeah it ' s not that bad i might just make a little page
979. yeah true and actually probably from to erm rotterdam is another i don ' t know two and a half hours something like that three hours yeah so i ' ve been planning that as well so my friend in in the netherlands said yeah come and stay for as long as you want she ' s my hippy friend erm we chatted on facebook for about five years in er facebook hippy group and
981. time and enjoy the the country and she ' s been doing that for a couple of years now and loves it erm so me and had the idea that because i ' m off to see the friend in rotterdam and her daughter is in rotterdam maybe she ' ll join me on my road trip nice for that leg and we ' ll drive to rotterdam but we could also on the way stop in ' s
982. doesn ' t necessarily need to be one mm hm if it ' s introduced as normal everyday commonplace yeah yeah but with the you know those sorts of safeguards in place of mm hm explaining my my friend ' s got a son who ' s seven er and she ' s sort of no he ' s not he ' s older than that he ' s nine or ten now and she ' s sort of
983. until biology lessons in like year ten when everyone had already had sex so it was a bit late whoops er but i didn ' t know anything about periods er until i started and then my best friend ' s mum made me a period box and my friend brought it to school the next day oh a shoebox with a book and everything that you need how sweet yeah like a box of chocolates or
984. had sex so it was a bit late whoops er but i didn ' t know anything about periods er until i started and then my best friend ' s mum made me a period box and my friend brought it to school the next day oh a shoebox with a book and everything that you need how sweet yeah like a box of chocolates or something i had i just had to carry my period box
985. from the age of two knowing you mm hm yeah it ' s awful and you ' ll wish you were a boy mm i remember bleeding my pants as well and i used to give them to a friend who took them home to wash them for me to wash them yeah oh dear cos you know of course growing up then in my house there was me my dad mm hm yeah and your brother yeah and
988. the road as far as you can wwill be there? who? yes she she will? mm yeah there ' s there ' s gotta be the the case officer there mm and my little friend? erm yeah and the legal guy mm or woman oh right er remember that yeah legal woman yeah yeah that was er yeah at ours on the palisades yes i yes yeah that i got hold
989. like what is that? i feel like i should be over that now at the age of twenty - four i know i feel like i should have moved on it ' s so annoying my like my friend she ' s she ' s on twenty - five thousand pounds a year now is she? yeah what ' s she doing? she ' s a speech and language therapist in a hospital everyone ' s gonna
990. a different thing yeah no i thought it was i ' m trying that ' s feels like twenty questions oh is it? yeah i dunno is it not just like? i dunno but my friend ' s told me about this really good game that we have to start playing well sounds quite like it could be quite funny it ' s called hats and basically you put a load of names of celebrities like
991. yes do you want to get some oh yeah christmas wrapping paper or shall we just use the owl one? shall we just use the owl one? yeah is there enough for me to wrap up my friend ' s christmas present as well? yeah probably we only used it for the box but the yeah i was gonna say no the table one and then i was like no it is box i ' m sad
992. i do with this there ' s this theory and it ' s basically if you do ten thousand hours of something you ' ll become you ' ll be an expert at it really? yeah like my friend were telling me and like it ' s just basically as simple as it is if you put ten thousand hours into something you ' ll be re you ' ll be able to do it and be an expert
993. but i don ' t know like which ones are good yeah that ' s risky that is isn ' t that? erm although i found the most amazing indian at uni that me and my friend used to order from all the time it was called the most horrendous thing though that and you ' d never want to order from it it was called oh yeah but honestly but it was but
1001. oh yeah yeah and that ' s the and then i think you ' d said to me have i heard of a mm of airb oh yyes yes because these people raved and then my friend who came out to bulgaria last year and mm they ' re going to ireland for ' s christening at easter and they ' ve booked a place through airbnb and she said to me have you
1002. honeymoon then he just but then he just went back to his true self as soon as yeah and then it turned out yeah he was like on tinder looking oh no for a new partner and her friend found out oh and told him and that was the end yeah and they never even said goodbye oh okay so that was really bad yeah and then the other couple got on fine and they were still together at
1005. ' s good yeah i ' ll get a tea cos i don ' t wanna get there late today no cos i wanna sit on the side so i can see the hands okay is your friend turning up too? yeah mm well we ' ll get there like yeah it ' s more i just wanna be able to sit somewhere going so so somewhere we can see yeah cool well that ' s amazing
1006. was the best gig really? well it wasn ' t the best gig but like it was quality it was so good yeah saw them we went down t we went down to london to see ' s friend on the s sunday and then went to on the monday and we were in this tiny little er tiny little gig in corn exchange? no in one of them then i it was it was the er you
1010. weird patch at the beginning of last year because i told her that he ' d he ' d seen when she was away? yeah i don ' t know how much you know erm so my friend told me that her best friend erm ' s ex had erm spent she basically had apparently been away for a weekend and had invited out on a night out with him and his mates so she apparently
1011. last year because i told her that he ' d he ' d seen when she was away? yeah i don ' t know how much you know erm so my friend told me that her best friend erm ' s ex had erm spent she basically had apparently been away for a weekend and had invited out on a night out with him and his mates so she apparently had gone to and gone out
1018. ' t military that wasn ' t no that wasn ' t officialdom the military of any that was that was private pra private erm yeah not private practice private enterprise rather than erm yeah friend of your dad ' s yeah went down er oh i ' ve forgotten her name what was this? that lass from went to new erm australia two of em yeah they went to australia to australia and
1019. ribs twice was that the time dad sat on your shoulders? no no the the first time was in thailand i think i told you my i was play - fighting on the full moon party with a friend and a guy just came out of nowhere and a massive guy jumped on me and just like piledrived me to the ground oh my god no i don ' t remember you tell me that and like
1023. i was assured the boat was in good nick and they had charts and had everything else because because said to him look if you need to get this boat out i ' ve got a friend who ' s got his yacht masters cos i just passed my yacht masters and and we done quite a lot of sailing anyway and and he ' ll sail the boat for you mm so having checked that
1027. doesn ' t feel very optimistic it ' s better to do something where you say okay i train as a mm plumber and i ' ll have jobs because then i was really surprised cos my friend in has a son just doing his sort of advanced highers at and they ' d expected and hoped that he would get sufficient grades to do you know some kind of engineering sciencey type thing in edinburgh
1028. aligning the name of the extender and just giving it the same name as the router which i did but it didn ' t seem to solve the problem i ' ve got a techy friend that we can consult over this good erm he we always have these problems in retreats and various locations yes i can imagine and erm he always solves them with some printer you know the tech
1031. have a yeah but it but you know it was a left wing government before mm mm it may well be you ' re right yeah maybe it was a popular vote well that ' s what our australian friend was saying that yeah it ' s to make people vote but there was also almost exactly the same to any other western country like it ' s not what? there ' s no big difference the patterns oh
1032. i see i know that ' s what i i think that that team they need to get themselves an architect and an engineer to be a good solid team so you know er do you know ' s friend? she writes those plays yeah i remember going to one of her plays you went to yeah we went to didn ' t we all go to one together? the the one about deafness yeah the family
1036. just come back with some very very poor with some poor erm results from their exams but never mind oh oh i don ' t yeah and how did you get involved in this project? because a friend of mine erm is a pr agent and he has been erm and he got sent an e - mail and he obviously sent it to everybody in his inbox and said erm who w is
1038. erm ththat ' s why some people yeah well ththey ' re interesting people to chat to as well and interesting chats we had yes oh you spoke to? er i my friend in the win in the window seat i did yes she said oh that he was very frustrating he wouldn ' t say how he knew didn ' t i? no she said i kept prodding him to
1039. in a nightclub and broke my nose cos i ' d drank like a bottle of gin straight oh that ' ll do it oh er and then had to my i couldn ' t even speak my friend had to phone it was when i worked at a clothes shop at uni my friend had to go she just can ' t come in today cos she ' s just broken her nose and she '
1040. gin straight oh that ' ll do it oh er and then had to my i couldn ' t even speak my friend had to phone it was when i worked at a clothes shop at uni my friend had to go she just can ' t come in today cos she ' s just broken her nose and she ' s got two black eyes and her face is full of cuts so she ' ll be
1041. see anyway tell me tales tell you tales well since i saw you last erm on thursday mm i flew back to belfast erm what did i do thursday night? oh i went to see my friend whose dad died mm mm mm mm and whose funeral it was on the friday oh okay erm yeah so it was nice to see everybody i mean you know it ' s sad but it ' s happy
1042. and then on saturday i got the bus down to where i lived for eight years stepped off the bus and there ' s a guy in the square saying hello walked across the street to go to my friend ' s house and another guy said hello i just thought what people you knew or just people saying hello? yeah well random people i used to work in the off licence there for a few months right so
1043. ' ve got to do this for tomorrow yeah you know your free time is really your free time you don ' t have to worry about anything yeah phone ' s not gonna ring no er and my friend he works in the co - op at home and he works six in the morning till ten or eleven in the morning and the first two hours he works in the bakery nice oh lovely so he has his
1044. a sculptor oh erm it was very interesting but no spark unfortunately sad yeah sad sad yeah yeah she was very lovely and it ' s funny i wonder if i could matchmake her with a friend of mine in cos i think they ' d get on but yeah maybe that ' s a conversation between them for another day ah ha ha but yeah mm it ' s funny what you say about you
1045. was lovely really lovely so yes i enjoyed that no i will have a look at happy valley cos funny enough you messaged me watch happy valley and i think about half an hour before that a friend in england had messaged me to say oh happy valley uhu uhu so yeah i will have a look is it on the iplayer? well s new season is the old season isn ' t
1047. it? oh yeah no oh no i don ' t think that ' s a very good avenue like we ' re got quite similar music taste like she ' s going to see coldplay with a friend in june at the emirates stadium in london eh em and she quite likes muse she went to r on the sunday last year and saw muse i ' m very jealous yeah the line up comes out on monday
1048. yeah well she i was saying like that ' s like absolutely amazing um and she was like oh no it ' s not actually that hard it ' s like you do it was just me and a friend performing to two examiners and we did a like five minute piece that we prepared before and then we got given a sub uh subject and we ' ve got like five minutes to discuss to devise a
1049. around yeah flights and then actually i was like that ' s actually quite cheap what am i doing? and then i ' m like no too cheap i know and then mmy er you know my friend yeah she lives in switzerland yeah and she was like come oh wow okay erm she ' s like come to switzerland come to switzerland for new year and then i was like i can ' t i have
1051. i could get her yeah well if your grandad likes fudge and that kind of thing i think it ' s a it ' s a cornish fudge yeah i think they have some yeah my friend used to go to devon on her holidays and she always used to bring back this like chocolate fudge mm and it was so nice like i used to i was eating it and i was just like really
1052. it because the whole front of the bonnet the whole bonnet yeah has to be taken off to change it oh and it has to go under the but yeah so that ' s ridiculous that but yeah my friend she just like yeah almost everyone in france will have a french car cos well that ' s why it ' s still a successful yeah a profitable company cos the french you know they ' ve been
1053. regularly go to russia all the time it ' s it ' s not that weird and they do survive i don ' t think he ' s genuinely afraid no funny i mentioned it to somebody actually a friend of mine one day this week and sh in and she was a bit taken aback she was like russia? that sounds a bit crazy like it was not somewhere one would want to go mm but i don
1054. your ready meals mm no no no i get sick of talking to her cos when you try and offer a bit of help she just what a stupid thing to say there ' s not and my friend said there ' s not enough gravy which friends? mm yeah with the with the wants to buy a washing machine but she ' s diabetic you know oh that one we ' ll never
1056. he win best newcomer? i think at edinburgh yeah yeah yeah yeah he did yeah mm but honestly like cos there ' s erm cos obvi like his like i know him through my friend and he ' s a standup magician comedian which is quite a weird mix who is? my friend but in in norway and then he ' s like really funny but he ' s on radio and then
1057. cos there ' s erm cos obvi like his like i know him through my friend and he ' s a standup magician comedian which is quite a weird mix who is? my friend but in in norway and then he ' s like really funny but he ' s on radio and then tried to make it here ha well he has made it here mm but erm oh he ' s
1058. ' s a lot of people that can ' t put that warmth across yeah the tv rather than i saw as well the last time to be fair on the last time i saw him erm my friend who ' s a big reviewer spoke to me and said he ' d heard that was erm doing this experiment at edinburgh where basically half of his shows during the month he was doing his normal show that
1059. experiment at edinburgh where basically half of his shows during the month he was doing his normal show that he ' d prepared and written all year yeah and then he wasn ' t funny at all because my friend went to go and see him and was like totally flopped yeah so on the other half yeah of the shows he was apparently challenging himself to see if he could do improv right where basically he was going
1060. ' re all going to italy with my friends from uni which is gonna be brilliant in september like the end of september beginning of october yeah and i ' m going down to france to see my friend who i lived with in italy yeah so that ' ll be really nice yeah but then that ' s it like it ' s really weird i haven ' t been abroad since january which for me is massive
1066. s very erm yeah i ' ve got how do i get back? it ' s er just click there that ' s always back down there it ' s very ecumenical i know you know my friend and them in there ' s a whole group of those c of es go to a group whenever it ' s on in york i ' m gonna find out about it it ' s er very erm
1067. if we ever become bored yes ha yeah maybe unlikely actually i ' ll give a ring when we ' re in town cos he might like a lift out if he ' s going to see his friend first oh right oh is he? ah yeah yeah true actually if he ' s sort of leaving anyway then er yeah was he gonna drive through though? so he has his car all through the night?
1069. i ' m adama you ' re adama but with better skin there ' s your apollo that ' s when you ' re in a fighter okay did you buy this is korea? yeah a friend bought it for us there you are right and my one i ' m chief okay what ' s that you picked up? this is the president card oh right it should say that you i start with some
1072. was and you can park your ped underneath ah of the carport ooh he was like okay thank you he got so scared i ' ll bet he was oh you know what said about our friend saying it what they said about me? no erm er this week when came back she said that my friends just love you they thought you were brilliant did they? yeah cos i was just like
1089. pruned all the roses now have you? good they ' re dying how ' s my little rose plants doing? what do you mean they ' re dying? no we used to have a friend in well he said the only way to prune prune roses is with a chainsaw yeah he used to get the chainsaw and he used to get his chainsaw out and i used to take
1091. like bad so then they can ' t undo it you ' re such a cruel child i didn ' t do it no other people used to do it you just said we just used to like my friend ' s group used to do it and then i was the one that got very good at undoing the knots so everyone used to come to me and go well yeah cos i was good at undo
1092. but no shops selling but nothing yeah lots of things sale selling tat i know what you mean like tat yeah tat yeah this is tat like this mat it ' s one of our friend mm ' s favourite words isn ' t it? tat she loves tat saying this word tat tat she loves it she just loves it and it often is in the context of going to
1093. i thought that was quite quite sweet isn ' t it who you knock into? yeah it ' s amazing isn ' t it yeah yeah mm cos in sydney it ' s quite like that the friend of mine erm so she was do you want another coffee? sorry? want another coffee? no no no just no i don ' t want another coffee okay then mm cool mm i don ' t
1094. one well i might are you gonna have one? i ' ll have a little one i ' ll have one like yours no er no i ' ll stick to my water mm erm yeah the friend of mine she was telling me how she ' d gone to pick up her daughter mm from school and erm and ninicole erm kidman just came out good grief up and just had her
1095. ? i love iced coffees mm with cream? i love any kind of coffee yeah i ' m a coffee addict yeah like those very nice it ' s funny that isn ' t it? my friend erm our friend erm he a he drank far too much coffee and he got really ill you can and you can exacerbate erm you can do yourself some damage your pressure as well
1097. while you were in the loo i was just reading this email mm er m from my friend who i ' m gonna go to erm spain with in april mm so we ' ve looked at this place i sent him some accommodation links and he said oh i like this one and i said well
1099. a bin or yeah you know the h the word probably hasn ' t popped up in his mind it ' s just like what? yeah i was you know laughing wwhen i was telling my friend the other day it was like i really like him but you know when we said there ' s nothing he gets excited about yeah then it ' s like his adjectives are just like alright or like decent
1106. yeah and yeah they did yeah it was oh brilliant quite good yeah it was but had erm it was all black and gold helium balloons all round in mm sort of bunches one of ' s friend ' s daughter is doing photography at university okay so they ' d got a big black canvas and she was doing oh you could go and do that professional photos oh lovely and she was doing photos erm
1107. at university okay so they ' d got a big black canvas and she was doing oh you could go and do that professional photos oh lovely and she was doing photos erm the cake that made another friend of ' s was amazing absolutely amazing she had made that and it was very nineteen twenties style with glitz and black the the sha it was black cream and gold to match right the theme er lovely buffet
1108. had been empty for eighteen months mm cos in those days nobody wanted to buy old properties no they couldn ' t give them away and er so mm isn ' t it odd? i had a friend my it ' s a bit like now really yeah yeah yeah yeah it ' s the same there exactly and the vet had just converted a place in an old farmhouse saw what could be done so er i
1109. think she ' s doing okay like she ' s not like she ' s not really that comfortable in so she tends to come home every weekend or like or she ' s been up to see her friend in and stuff like that so i don ' t think she ' s settled settled it ' s a weird one it ' s more of a she ' s just there for work yeah she ' s literally
1110. ' s on tinder now as well which is hilarious well met a guy on tinder and she ' s still dating him oh right my cousin is dating a guy off titinder and my friend is in a relationship with a guy she met on tinder like it happens well i get it though a little bit more because well not get it that sounds wrong but for instance well she ' s in
1111. go to bed afterwards cos i ' m going out for mothering sunday oh yeah all you normal people with mothers hi i need some in my life some? oh and i ' m seeing my friend he ' s come up from reading and oh is going to sort my back out for me is just coming for the day? mm well he ' s going home to see his mum for mothering sunday
1112. king drag king and ten hour shift is just going to be a killer so he may call on the way back from seeing his mum or if he can fit it in who ' s this? my friend the friend no no went to uni with him long time lived in italy with him yeah it ' s just like me but a boy which is a bit weird yeah pretty much there ' s two of
1114. dark film called sinister is the one that got? yeah bought it for me for my birthday and i ' ve never watched it you ' ve never watched it i saw that at the cinema with my friend and it ' s the only movie in a long time that really weirded me out yeah oh i ' m not watching it no she said it would completely freak me out yeah cos she was the
1115. ' s going on that ' s the trouble ain ' t it with having a business with your friends cos yeah yeah you do get i know my dad he went in business with a with a friend and it was the worst thing he ever did er it it totally erm fell apart and caused awful trouble and everything well that ' s fairly common isn ' t it? mm well this is this isn
1116. a bit of a nightmare through the south downs yeah i know i wanted to go to i always wanted to go to scotland though that ' s quite hilly yeah south downs? yeah yeah erm my friend who lives he lives in well he lives in he really likes mountain biking around there so he ' s told me to get my bike and erm yeah we ' ll go off round there did well you
1118. mm but no you can go colder and there ' s that it i don ' t really make any sense mm my friend i ' ve met some people now that have done some insane journeys and a friend of mine has just finished the pacific crest trail i don ' t know if you ' ve ever heard of it it ' s a five - month hike from basically california to canada and they walk all the
1119. get drop - offs at certain towns so they plan ah in advance where they ' re gonna be at what time and they ' ll get food parcels like dropped off to certain places and stuff had another friend who ' s just recently set off again erm we could have gone on his boat we just missed him in in el salvador but he him and his mates finished in korea saved some money did up their
1121. water in the oi and not in the oil when did you go to the? when i went to see scouting for girls who did you go with? and her sister and her sister ' s friend did you drive? drove oh but i can ' t remember when it was a couple of years ago now i think did i tell you we ' re going to see simply red? yes you did from
1122. their hair no i know anymore than they can help the colour of their eyes no yes mm so would you not like someone just because they were ginger? would you not talk to them? no my friend my friend who lives in portugal is ginger is ginger that ' s okay then they ' re attracted to me you ' re a ginger magnet i am is this margate nearly then? must be if there
1123. no i know anymore than they can help the colour of their eyes no yes mm so would you not like someone just because they were ginger? would you not talk to them? no my friend my friend who lives in portugal is ginger is ginger that ' s okay then they ' re attracted to me you ' re a ginger magnet i am is this margate nearly then? must be if there ' s
1128. famous for always getting like the scandinavian kids as their models cos they ' re they ' re all just like tall and blonde and beautiful it ' s true they all are it ' s like my friend actually she ' s really short with brunette hair i mean there is a lot more variety as in like not everybody in sweden is tall and blue eyed but they are usually a good - looking people i would
1129. ' t yeah this morning was chilly although when the sun came out must be okay so i ' m taking ' s sweater ah ' s jumper to sweden i ' ll have to tell him that my friend in i was really cold last time i was there and he gave me his jumper to take on the train fourteen degrees oh i don ' t know why you just remind me of that moment in mean girls
1131. in the freezer from the ticker for the wine? mm my favourite australian is when they go cracker shits cracker shits is really good ah cracker shits or once my friend said oh one one that i heard the other day i haven ' t heard for a while was er chockers chockers is yeah i say that though yeah that ' s normal i think you
1137. right? i was well surprised surprised are you kidding me? i was the most surprising person ever surprising made you those cakes with little horses played the banjo that was yeah the little horses i got my friend to come and play banjo it ' s so awkward as it is yeah and like showed up perfect like sat down for a bit kitchen table had to tell him to like stop talking and start playing which was
1139. m taking give us twenty you guys take twenty going home and we were like shut up we was like we ' re going i ' m taking my cut yeah but all not only that but ' s friend who owns the was like i saw your group cheating i know and now he he ' s like i saw him google it he was like he thinks i ' m a little cheating rat forever but i didn
1145. have a finger burn? it ' s a it ' s a pretty good i heard that i heard that er er then and like cos i was like at kitchen and i was like hey my friend told me this chef story and i ' m not sure if it ' s true feel right first mm? and then they were like yeah normal yeah that ' s normal right? yeah that ' s normal
1146. last night i went to er you went to? or like a place near you could see er a building near football stadium a party whose party? ' s why wasn ' t i invited? our friend from was playing a concert erm then i went back to about two thirty does have to get up in the morning to go to work? oh man she didn ' t go though she didn ' t
1147. t need to just say then well er not under my name you know because i think erm mm there are more into that really than just public image of islam yeah no i ' ve got a friend and yeah he he was definitely not a devout muslim but er but he ' s from libya yeah and from benghazi and seeing what ' s going on now and er he er it ' s it
1149. just don ' t yeah they just don ' t dig them up just don ' t well yeah some a legal way well people donate their bodies don ' t they? science and yeah well my my friend was like oh why don ' t you sign up for organ donation? and i was just like i don ' t really want to i don ' t i don ' t know i ' m not well
1150. good time to pop down tomorrow who ' s? erm the contractor did you erm manage to help at all with all that stuff? yeah yeah i think so did you ever meet his his friend his armenian friend who he does a lot of work with? er no i haven ' t? yeah this is really funny this little briefcase this makes me laugh yeah ' ll probably have hysterics
1156. you just like? do some shit walk around right go to and then i said see people dance in the street and then i t and i said it to someone at work i said it to my friend at work and he goes like well that ' s fine you know maybe she was a bit worried about getting lost i was like cos she ' s like five hours early for the coach yeah it '
1170. i mean he ' s had sex before he was married his wife didn ' t but he did no er i know it was really awkward like a month after they got married we were at er another friend of ours ' wedding in and er we had this like who ' s going out with my friend who ' s brilliant erm we like were having this like we were having this funny conversation and came in
1172. is really funny that is really i ' ve gotta find that photograph where did you go on holiday? we went to wales oh cool we got so wasted looks really nice we got so wasted and our friend he was like quite concerning anyway like fell off a small cliff like i ' m not even joking like it was probably like two storeys high fuck we like went up but like in in like the middle
1174. ##m grandchildren herself herself yeah so she ' s busy with erm work and concentrating yeah and then looking after the grandchildren and seeing her own children so i mean we ' ve been lucky to have my friend she ' s like a sister to me oh yeah erm which is ' s godmum actually yeah i think we met was it? you may have done october maybe that one time i was down she
1180. ' s doing brilliant yeah mm the same with me i went to abbey i haven ' t been to abbey for years and years right and years and i said uh i ' m going to meet my friend there why don ' t we go there? so we went there i said oh the car park ' s quite full you know it not usually like this on a weekday yeah and it seemed to be all
1183. off you keep saying you don ' t have leave well i ' m using this this is a bit of a combination of flexi and leave mm i ' m going up to erm a a friend of ' s seventieth birthday celebrations so i ' m going up thursday and coming back on monday and then i ' ll be back at work on tuesday so yes the weekend saturday the by train?
1184. hours and hours yeah boiled i ' d still eat one of those over marmite no get the secret supply of sprouts okay mm and the secret supply of marmite my old frie my friend once bought you some sprouts for christmas but they were chocolates the wrappers looked like sprouts when i said she ' d bought you some sprouts you made this face oh i
1186. of it they didn ' t want it that ' s a bit weird who was that? the kosovans the kosovans when there was oh fighting out there yeah mm oh i have a friend that was that wwas born around the time that the conflict was going on they moved here mm mm i mean nobody had put dirty clothes er or er mm yeah anything like that they were you know people
1187. um uh - huh tut um that i needed it for cotton bags and boxes so i ' ll see what she says anyway and then on another good note at jigsaw who ' s my friend has asked me to go in on a saturday mhm in a couple of weeks and be there in the shop s selling my products ah fantastic so that ' s good and sh and then jigsaw
1188. it on their facebook and their twitter and so that ' s a good thing wow is that just the one store? is it a chain? yeah it is um but obviously cos ' s my friend i ' m thinking that she ' s she ' s gotta okay it with er upstairs but uh - huh brilliant so that ' s a good thing is that the one in the city centre? yeah so
1193. i can ' t believe it ' s so cold again mm it ' s freezing today went to the shop earlier and erm saw next door yes my friend actually she she was doing erm a power walk so she ' d just obviously turned her fitbit or whatever thing you know on her phone off and she ' s okay she ' s got to talk
1195. m saying as in you make your life what it is yeah so if you make yourself and this is so true and i i don ' t mean to constantly bring up certain people but i have a friend who is very negative and everything is wrong ever yeah i ha i don ' t wanna say it on record i still like though yeah i do she ' s she ' s fantastic but you know when you
1201. mind she ' s probably only in her forties yeah oh good lord and she ' s collapsed and is in hospital good lord these northern women eh? northern lasses yeah so what ' s your friend ' s mum ' s erm my closest friend at work uh huh his girlfriend ' s mum died oh she dropped dead ran she ' s she ' s very much a christian yeah very involved with her
1204. know? identity and all the rest of it yeah yeah music was very much like that yeah yeah more so than programmes but yeah i don ' t know like i see a lot of people like my friend has a supernatural t - shirt and you probably don ' t know supernatural i ' ve heard of it yeah probably from me yeah it ' s like a massive american programme and she has a supernatural t -
1213. time yep but i think in reality you would probably kill everybody yes and you ' d be knackered mm absolutely whacked all the time mm yeah all the time it ' s like my friend became an air steward she loved it and had a brilliant time though like flying still drunk the next day sobering up on a plane oh mm mm no that ' s bad times it ' s really bad
1217. die in like aggressive yeah he went to die in like two months and it ' s it ' s dragged on for like a year and a half aye ' s mum erm mum ' s best friend she ' s got like about six different kinds of cancer and it ' s kind of like she gets given all like she ' s terminal and she they go to give her oh you ' ve got three
1218. we had loads of plays yes we ' ve got videos of you oh i have one when i was an angel or star we ' ve got and you we ' ve got videos of you oh my friend brought one of me and her at pre school of doing a play it was so embarrassing yeah yeah we have yeah huh i was like we ' ve got one with you at pre school and you ' re
1220. you know like those segway things? yeah yeah which is like a film next to each other and really funny but there ' s one oh she hates her she hates her why? because my friend like talks a lot so every time we ' ve got she won ' t shut up yeah and so it ' s like chloe out i won ' t get out go and like boats and cats but say
1221. ' s such a lovely place i know i don ' t i just discovered though that it ' s on the same days as our open days oh so i hope i can get a er a friendly friend to er swap with me ah i ' ll do the june ones are you up for the june ones? yeah well i i ' m doing the june ones but then i have said i ' m on
1222. have it in the other room like a wife should do oh oh so no so so that ' s it really so w so he ' s coming with us to is he? yeah and ' s friend is coming to oh right and she was really excited ' s friend yeah? she was really excited your dad ' s asked me to go to? he must like me then you know it was like it
1223. so no so so that ' s it really so w so he ' s coming with us to is he? yeah and ' s friend is coming to oh right and she was really excited ' s friend yeah? she was really excited your dad ' s asked me to go to? he must like me then you know it was like it was like ah mm mm that ' s a bit strange to say
1224. to majorca and er we were just bombing about and like like a seventeen - year - old do you know and we went to visit a place and there was someone from my next door my my friend ' s next - door neighbour who we knew they come in mm yeah what? you know yeah it ' s y what you gotta think about is if you ' re if you ' re going from an
1225. m terrible well you are but i mean i i ' m very clean very clean mm i think we hoard too much oh yeah gawd yeah i know we do oh i went and helped a friend of ours i know we do and because er her m ' s mum has now had to go into a home but she wanted a a chair and a few other bits and pieces to take with her and
1226. do grea like great art i bow to because you know and you are included in that you should have seen some of the people in my a level class it was just ridiculous amazing? well my friend especially well my old friend like we kind of fell out a bit but she she draws like insanely realistic faces i ' ll show you erm she doesn ' t really do them anymore but she used
1227. art i bow to because you know and you are included in that you should have seen some of the people in my a level class it was just ridiculous amazing? well my friend especially well my old friend like we kind of fell out a bit but she she draws like insanely realistic faces i ' ll show you erm she doesn ' t really do them anymore but she used to and me and her
1228. it ' s so difficult to get a likeness like people don ' t understand oh it is who don ' t draw definitely like how difficult it is to get a facial likeness i ' ve got a friend that does that yeah i just like her style it ' s really cool basically oh that ' s nice and then it ' s not like that ' s a cat but look look it ' s like drawing
1231. yeah yeah cos that ' s more in my comfort zone i think ' s like this secret university nobody knows what is no i really didn ' t know about it until last year cos my friend went erm the one that my that i told you about like who ' s here as well mm who who went to my primary school yeah yeah like you said like was like oh he goes there and
1232. ones well does plus i ' ve had those since i was at it was the year i moved to lon actually i ' ll tell you where i was when i got those i was in that friend of yours who had a flat she was selling in in oh right yeah er or they they were delivered there by john lewis yeah yeah er erm god from libya yeah? was she selling? she oh
1233. t speak any english do they not? told them off when they ' d dumped some stuff they didn ' t want on the street so went to tell them off and had they had to ring a friend who spoke some english and then took it off the off the street yeah the street it was quite good actually that ' s that ' s what you have to do actually really in a sense quite nicely just
1234. does ah ah mm what shall i wear tomorrow? mm dunno sorry? joggers i should walk round in pjs yeah something like that are you going out here? judging by what your friend said about being like just out with your friends don ' t like dress up just in your joggers yeah that is not myself that is like can ' t be arsed like dressed in like a
1235. and now you ' re married and that ' s but that ' s why i moved in there as well cos like so you just go round on your own did you? not with your er friend? yeah i was on my own looking for a house wasn ' t i oh i just wondered if you know a cou a pair of you went round looking for places or not didn ' t have
1236. twenty and the same age as my mum mm had at erm oh right and my mum was too young yeah you know it i mean it ' s erm and yet i ' ve got a friend whose yeah fir whose first child was born when she was sixteen but er oh yeah yeah erm but it ' s different natures of the people you know yeah erm do you think with some people
1237. to spend the money doing it? sometimes and it ' s like yeah sometimes they ' re not that good live yeah and some people aren ' t good live are they? it ' s like my friend went to bestival in september oh yeah and she came back and it was she spent like three hundred quid on it more yeah cos like you have to take money obviously for the weekend yeah
1238. s a good one i just i just go on secret escapes and if a deal ' s there i ' m like yes oh okay and i just book instantly like cos i i go with my friend from cos she ' s always up for weekends away and it ' s yeah it ' s the best way to spend that time if you for like four or five days like it ' s not really
1239. if you do exercise i ' d rather be outdoors mm any time or yeah i prefer the outdoors as well i find i do enjoy it but you know when they ' re all working at like my friend someone had the nerve to so they offered him shift work yeah and then it ' s sorta like it can ' t be every week it ' s like cos it ' s not organiser planned
1240. you want i was like okay i drank so much whisky i was sick and then i ran out of the oddbins and there was a pub across the street and i ' d like text my friend to meet me there went out of the oddbins did a like a erm what is it? like did the splits like leaped over the fence and like ran across the street to the pub anyway
1242. youtube videos cos you could be happy doing that and then it ' s like well fuck man you may as well just die now great but also i think like massively i was speaking to my friend the other day about this mm like when i when i was like but when i like because of the class background i came from it was like creativity or like blah blah was seen as like an escape co
1244. or were soloists or you know whatever but everyone else were doctors and lawyers and nurses and and teachers and you know yeah you know all those kind of like no i was sort of saying this to my friend the other day and it ' s like it was like that like you look at everyone and like you knew what they did as a jo you ' re like yeah he ' s a greengrocer
1245. we ' re like animals well we are animals we are you want my phone number good luck with that no way no way jose just cos they won ' t get any signal how ' s your friend? she ' s still pretty i mean by the looks of things she ' s still pretty anxious mm about stuff i ' ve asked her like i ' ve said that like pinpointing what is making
1250. know how what a nice mother she is is this the polish yummy mummy equivalent? yeah uh i just no oh well i have a s just makes me a bit sad i have an old school friend on facebook who ' s so like that and i can ' t help but like her mm cos there ' s something you know she you see her posing in photographs and she ' s always doing that
1251. ##u i mean i have a niece i sort of ignored her until she was old enough to hold a proper conversation erm never held her when she was a baby in fact yeah i was round a friend ' s house a few months back in northern ireland so it must ' ve been before i no yeah it must ' ve been before i left must ' ve been about august time and was introduced to her
1255. all the fat out of it oh so there ' s nothing to grab lovely mother alright anyway erm yeah no plenty of arse around there which has been yeah we went out last night for a friend ' s birthday and we went to winter fair today how was erm? oh ' s been a pain all week why? she went i came in on tuesday yeah i came in on tuesday and she
1257. four of us that knew each other and had came through roughly the same sort of background training and and work experience and erm so we worked together for twenty - five years but one erm my friend that i worked the longest with she erm went she took a year out and went to work in and came back and took early retirement so she was the first one out and another one that i '
1259. erm yeah has told you about it i guess no he hasn ' t cos i said to him no cos oh i though he said he mentioned it no i ' ve got a a friend ' s bought me a board game battlestar galactica no he didn ' t mention that you play on the on the battlestar and you move around and do different things okay and one person is the
1260. can ' t get any work either there is er there is no work there ' s no work everybody i ' m talking to there ' s no work in the industry and and then i saw a friend of mine and erm who i used to work with at the body shop mm and she does packpackaging erm mm packaging design she ' s ololder but anyway she ' d be in
1261. of yeah and she ' s a kind of yoga practitioner as well in fact she came actually to try yoga and i i didn ' t i wanted to see her as one of my german my german friend came and we were gonna go and listen to one of her talks and then we g and then we did ssome physical yoga and slept but erm oh she wrote this really interesting thing on erm
1264. a little video of water but it ' s not here that ' s right then those are in absolutely stunning photos yeah they ' re amazing aren ' t they? mm mm but the ones that my friend did we had this incredible day mm it wasn ' t this day mm oh actually it might ' ve been this day and we were on this big beach mm we were on this the big beach and it
1266. and then i l you know will i mm and then u i can retri i can get the film yeah and you can get this for me well this is just free for me this is a friend of mine who erm oh aan old colleague of mine actually oh yes? looks quite nice actually yeah but it ' s just the day spa it ' s not a treatment yeah no i don '
1267. like off the oh my go down there oh my god and then they have this bar which is quite nice oh my god so i have a couple of these and i oh my god i took my friend and he had the champagne and i just had some tonic water did you? yeah erm it ' s not that exciting but it ' s quite a nice bar to be on before the first the end
1269. we don ' t have anything like that but we ' ll we ' ll happily do you custard and yeah we ' ll bring that out so yeah they were they were really good mm a friend of mine ' s erm son used to work there don ' t know if he still d he probably does mm erm trying to think of his name big lad yeah? glasses cropped hair he
1270. a second i forgot ' s name and i almost went hey awkward it does just roll off the tongue doesn ' t it? oh i can ' t remember who when i went erm so my friend had a barbeque erm like a while ago and like er me and like a few of those guys were there but was also there this was like mm the first time he kind of like mm
1271. bring it closer to us? i once recorded an entire interview on my phone uhu erm cos i was writing for erm like a student newspaper erm and just interviewed erm my friend who ' s my academic brother but was also like hosting some showing and doing loads of crap and i was like let ' s interview him but it worked really well on my iphone mm at the time uh
1273. sun ' s so in my eyes mm uhu i feel really sad i ' m missing erm everything that ' s happening this weekend mm i know cos i ' m in london for my friend ' s thirtieth i ' m gonna miss ' s leaving and then uhu ' s birthday thing uhu thing probably yeah but hopefully i ' ll be able to catch them for a couple
1274. in that culture? mediterranean culture says the only time he ' s seen me be irritated is with my children yo ho ho went to see quite a good gig last night it was erm had this friend ' s ' s friend but i knew him before he ' s called he ' s qu sort of quite crazy german guy with really long blonde hair he ' s a musician and he er he ' s
1276. don ' t need a car? no that ' s not what i ' m trying to tell you that ' s thirty p a minute is a lot oh i see but what people do or my friend who uses it he always uses it when he ' s trying to get home but he wants er he wants it to be cheaper than a cab so he ' s gotta drive home really fast imagine if you
1278. when we started again my back wheel just sort of spun and went like literally just started and fell off and then just put my hand down erm so er mine wasn ' t too bad but my friend who ' s a very good mountain biker erm had never ridden a moped before and just took it or rode it like it was a mountain bike and he was being so stupid all day and he
1279. something? no cos it ' s cos they till eight o ' clock in the morning oh that ' s it and had to go on a sunny boat for five hours in the day my friend burns in england in cloudy weather in about half an hour so he really can ' t take it at all yeah yeah yeah they wouldn ' t be like that apart from me and well obviously and and you
1285. as er of the well the she was sent one of the tls it ' s all about the family really so it ' s a bit of your history yeah cool yes well spotted i had my friend was here the other day and he had the book in his hand he was standing like this and he said well where is this blue cupboard? you should have sent him looking for it exactly he ' s
1287. ' s asking quite a lot there are not very many people that make a hundred and ten i know but it ' s just seems like she seems you know a machine she is although as my dear friend said the other day when i said something about dying he said oh we ' ll have to shoot you and your dad lives still mostly in america? erm yeah he ' s in still and why are
1288. ##ishing it we didn ' t have chickens there yeah we did yeah bought surely they would dr came home from a oh you came home with one what? i know what happened? she went to her friend ' s house they ' d drown wouldn ' t they? and came home with a that ' s just cruel not with water in we put hay in it oh we had the fish tank in the garden
1289. a that ' s just cruel not with water in we put hay in it oh we had the fish tank in the garden but surely they ' d just float yeah she came well she went to her friend ' s house to play one day and came home with a chicken or a chick it was a chick oh it was a half grown chick it was half chick half chicken and what happened to it? we
1291. know yeah you know you ' re you ' re you know what you ' ve been living off basically is what you would have had to give the taxman anyway that ' s right we had a friend mm well or if st i if she ' s still alive i don ' t know whether she ' s still alive or not yeah that was she er she did that with her house mm yeah because she
1292. it yeah well you know dentists they ' re alright they they must er you know you ' re not the first person been there no it ' s true and had this yeah mind you we our friend ov up the road is her little boy he had to have his teeth seen to didn ' t he? and he nearly bit the dentist ' s finger off mm didn ' t he? oh it
1293. gotta scare the life out of them just to keep them in contr oh keep control of them keep control yeah you have i mean it weren ' t weren ' t so many years ago when a friend of ours because of the nuclear threat from from russia and america built a shelter didn ' t he? yeah mm he literally built a shelter yeah in the garden took all the stuff down there all provisions and
1294. think that ' s fair enough yeah yeah what ' s cooking? i made some soup good for you yet i ' m just waiting yeah with some veg how are you anyway? sorry about your friend is it? yeah it ' s her dad uhu who died erm i mean it was expected he ' s yeah cos i remember you said before yeah i s i er this was ages ago
1296. ' s amazing well was telling me s er i think he was i don ' t know whether he was talking about or he was ttalking about somebody and h this person in poland had a friend who went to england to be a binman mm and i think they got double binmen get quite a lot actually double as a binman as a lawyer in poland i applied to be a binman
1297. ti yeah they ' re very they have gone bit like the dutch yeah mm very precise and efficient so they don ' t get distracted yeah by silly things like for example i was going to visit my friend in dresden she ' s german and i was on my own in bautzen for a week and she said oh come and visit me for a few days so i said oh okay i said alright i
1299. peer pressure i guess it ' s it ' s yeah just being with the lads it ' s like a big occasion yeah but i guess again it ' s like if imagine it was one of your friend ' s birthday like are you coming out are you drinking? and you ' re like no they ' d be like oh that ' s a bit boring isn ' t it? mm cos it '
1301. problem but mother ' s day i i thought you know i ' ll bring food over and we could have a mm quiet dinner i ' m going out on the saturday night um it ' s my friend ' s another waterstones friend mhm it ' s her birthday and i don ' t know if you ' ve heard of it but they run a salon rouge night at it ' s a burle
1302. i i thought you know i ' ll bring food over and we could have a mm quiet dinner i ' m going out on the saturday night um it ' s my friend ' s another waterstones friend mhm it ' s her birthday and i don ' t know if you ' ve heard of it but they run a salon rouge night at it ' s a burlesque night and it ' s
1303. if that ' s a blank wall like yours what they might do is have a projector mm maybe and watch movies on that sc on that wall would they do that? well i know um a friend of mine used to do that strange he used to get a projector f and the sofa was behind and onto a blank wall and this is very very peculiar i think they ' re mad okay even if
1305. what now you ' re drinking this wine? what do you mean? we ' ll i we ' re sharing both of them i enquired with my french friend last night who also got struck by lightning the other day what? well his house got struck by lightning and he thought he woke up and thought that he ' d been attacked by giant rats what? co
1306. thousand percent or something probably like looking round going or they will? they will they ' re like they ' re like likely it happens once it ' s likely to happen again basically yeah cos my friend ' s mum was like she ' s a bit crazy anyway and she was walking around a reservoir and she got hit by lightning and then apparently got hit by lightning again like five minutes later or something what
1307. they don ' t give change have you seen that film? what ' s that film? like american horror and it ' s like about that guy that wants to make a horror movie and then his friend is obsessed with scratch cards and then he wins like a hundred grand and funds this movie but it ' s like a true it ' s a documentary really? yeah i didn ' t think anyone ever won
1311. anyway? is he really old or? he ' s probably like thirty something yeah maybe like thirty - five who did he go out with? that old chick demi moore demi moore i was telling my friend today you know how you have a weird synergy with certain things but i haven ' t really physically you got pressure? no i have one with buffaloes for some reason it ' s like got the
1313. told that sh who do you know? mm so she works for she works she ' s been at un you know she ' s managed cafes before and she ' s she ' s like an old friend of ' s and like pretty level - headed erm but also you know one of the one of the girls kind of thing yeah and when we told her she didn ' t like tot i thought
1314. i don ' t mean inmates i mean i actually and i don ' t even mean i don ' t mean the patients i mean the staff the staff right you know and she found a a gentleman friend mm who used to have a very mild flirtation with over a cup of tea i that was really was all that happened ah right erm and was perfectly happy so people just are so different yeah yeah
1315. then it ' s new year ' s okay that is genuinely nearly everything every weekend up until christmas it ' s gonna go so quick as well i know tell me about it we er s like my friend put in a lunch date this week at work for thursday first of october how is it the first of october? i know where ' s the year gone? where is the year gone? genuinely ridiculous really
1316. of financing as a computer company he deals with but it ' s various things ah so is he investing in? yeah is he looking for things to invest in? yeah because i ' ve got a friend who ' s looking for an investor well eh she makes this amazing natural products like moisturisers facial washes she teaches at the college actually beau beauty therapy okay and everything she does is without er
1317. erm they used to live at the end of the road here no i don ' t she lives in just round the corner from so it ' s all very exciting ah lives in ah well this friend i ' m telling you about the beautician with her products her name ' s and she ' s from and she ' s just moved to no we bought a house to downsize to over there
1318. hospital so that might mean she doesn ' t have to do nights and things which could be alright she doesn ' t like psychiatry no mm it ' s not a very precise science is it? a friend of mine has got depression at the moment and they ' ve said it ' s a chemically it her particular depression is chemical imbalance she ' s had problems ever since she had the children and she
1319. campus yeah but there was it wasn ' t it wasn ' t it wasn ' t that big really no i don ' t remember there being like roads when i went to it like my erm friend went to uni of to do spanish and english i think and she left after about three weeks because one because spanish wasn ' t actually like learning spanish it was more like english lit but for spanish if
1320. so might as well i ' ve got family there and stuff i knew i kind of like ignored and so i just decided between those two but like i don ' t i remember sitting in like my friend ' s living room with like thousands of like prospectuses like just looking through them all not knowing where to go and what i wanted to do what was like what you needed to like prioritise you
1321. ' t oh this one tastes sweet no i mustn ' t have any sugar almalmost like a sweet cos do you know? i went i went to the in on saturday with my friend to look at some exhibitions on bras and pants actually as it happens through the years it was very interesting and then we went to a cafe and there was a gluten - free cake so i
1322. party? yeah yeah? what kind of? what sort of you ' re gonna do a speech aren ' t you? dance erm yeah? i mean if you ' re serious cos my friend might do a balleri a ballet performance ballet performance ballet erm? mm can i go with her? you might be able to go with her yeah yeah you could while she does her ballet you could
1323. yeah yeah you know the old poly yeah there ' s erm i think they have the best course of the type in something to do with audio or something to do because erm er oh a friend of somebody came up anyway yes well this is it it ' s a more recent kind of thing especially with all the digital and stuff mm and would have quite liked that and there ' s lots of things
1325. ever i was actually going to make it my wedding we might have to not just a tea party yeah no i know a few hens that have done it as a hen p in fact actually my friend this week has gone to a mad hatter ' s tea party and she ' s gone as the mock turtle you know in the story the book yeah as opposed to the film they ' ve got mock
1326. fly from stanstead and we might have to fly from gatwick these match don ' t they perfectly? beautifully but em that ' s fine cos what we could do is stay with my friend chrissy in brixton on the thursday night and then fly out on the friday morning from gatwick right yeah cos i ' m sure she ' ll be fine with that she ' s
1327. through there ' s so many like houses that have all been flooded yeah and like all the sofas and businesses everything in just in the middle of the streets it ' s so bad yeah like my friend ' s er dad owns a business and all of his work that er was due to be shipped out has been ruined so obviously that ' s not good is it? oh god and so close to christmas
1328. christmas tree inside it ' s lovely erm where are we booked in for food again? yeah what did your mum call it?? yeah that ' s meant to be well known well obviously my friend went there last night so she must ' ve yeah did you ask her if it was good? well she said i ' d love it cos it ' s all christmassy like yeah erm yeah
1329. salted caramel sauce homemade chocolate and a comb with mousse in mm that looks good so good i haven ' t eaten there in ages actually yeah it does look really nice so is your friend seeing anyone at the moment?? yeah yeah yeah she ' s erm she ' s been with him for like four or five years i just get the impression that he ' s a bit sort of
1330. we were down there which was nice yeah and erm straight away she was like out in the play yard bit and there was like this big sandpit filled with water and she like persuaded her little friend to start splashing in it so like what? they got covered in water before they ' d even started the school day it was quite funny that sounds like her doesn ' t it? yeah they '
1331. ' s been really good but yeah but ours is wicker i think yeah it looks really like modern but it ' s starting to break away now it ' s very sad my mum was saying her friend her friend who works with her husband the first year they were married he got her a a waste paper bin god and a mop how romantic and he was like oh it ' s for the house you
1332. been really good but yeah but ours is wicker i think yeah it looks really like modern but it ' s starting to break away now it ' s very sad my mum was saying her friend her friend who works with her husband the first year they were married he got her a a waste paper bin god and a mop how romantic and he was like oh it ' s for the house you know?
1333. ? yeah what? is he ' s gone to tunisia now? i was gonna ring em cos she heard there were some protests in manasa mm they weren ' t on the television but my friend in tunisia was there told me protests in where we used to live manasa it ' s rich area as well mm it ' s quite surprising it ' s a very kind of a liberal area isn '
1334. well in anything really say that again? but peanut nigella uses peanut butter in places that they shouldn ' t like cookies and things had a no that ' s really tasty had a had a friend at school who made peanut butter cookies according to her recipe like for her food tech and peanut butter and chocolate together is good i was going to say if peanut butter sandwich instead of having peanut butter that was
1335. yeah and i ' ve only just applied and i ' ll hear more about it but em cool i ' ve possibly might be applying as well if she doesn ' t get onto something else and another friend who is indian and so what we could do is go out together and then go and stay where she lives in rajasthan for a week as well em rajasthan is a great place yeah where do you know whereabouts
1336. up and just imagine him saying cyclists are all terrible terrible and you know but i was in the right and he was in the wrong but he would bet he thinks cyclists are always wrong i have a friend from em spain and he em he and his fiancee were driving one day in the countryside and eh in spain or? in spain yeah and i heard her explain the story from her as well and em they
1337. and those giant kelp yeah there ' s yeah lots of kelp and there was those stone towers those cairns yeah yeah it was a really nice beach really nice beach and then we stopped on my friend ' s recommendation at at poet ' s house yeah the henry miller was the museum is that right? maybe something like that yeah gotta remember this too yeah it ' s important information isn ' t it?
1340. wow it it rather depends on how much money you want to to spend yeah well didn ' t erm how much did erm spend on his to get started? no you know erm our friend who was erm lives in brisbane like our second best man? mm yeah he lives in brisbane he ' s recently got quite into shooting mm so his australian erm firearms licence yeah bought himself a rifle
1341. person erm three months to do and that maybe you could do all that in a day and this this kind of the grand the grand kind of vision of it yeah maybe yeah so erm my friend seemed to quite like that idea and so then it made me think well and i ' ve got this germanic approach to things erm that that actually more haha how i ' m joking about that yeah
1342. i will show you erm i ' ll tell you the story behind it erm i ' ve not actually had this out before but i imagine it ' s a reasonable sized poster erm a friend of mine created this and she erm she was an architect but became an illustrator right she was an illustrator yeah and erm she framed framed this idea around this is the poster is actually erm called
1343. s fine yeah sure uhu erm what time did i finish work? or what time was i actually out till? erm i finished work at nine and then i went to erm my friend ' s to meet my friend erm i went to meet my friend erm and at hers and then we walked into erm the city erm but the actual i had my phone up until er
1345. ? or what time was i actually out till? erm i finished work at nine and then i went to erm my friend ' s to meet my friend erm i went to meet my friend erm and at hers and then we walked into erm the city erm but the actual i had my phone up until erm araround three that ' s that three is the last time
1346. doing it oh yeah mm yeah how ' s your day been today? well alright actually yeah i ' m still so full from yesterday see i went yeah i never had chance to ask you could your friend ring and i thought yeah don ' t not intruding yeah so yeah it was really nice when erm i mean had been cooking done she does loads and loads of cooking and she was trying to
1347. have a slice is that enough? yes thank you that ' s lovely i ' ll just get another piece thank you and i emailed oh yeah? and oh that ' s nice emailed my friend in er er well she lives in oman actually yes yeah erm that ' s about it read a bit ah yes what do you think of that book? summertime? ah yes that ' s one
1348. ? of july? july? yeah it ' s in about two weeks oh yeah it depends if i go to or not okay will you let me know when you know? yeah because erm my friend upstairs is cooking fish pie that ' s why i ' m doing it on that day and oh yeah so what am i gonna eat then? bring your own granny why don ' t you eat fish?
1349. on yeah and i thought well i i don ' t know anybody i ' ll wear my s i ' ve got no clothes on i wear a scarf round my head and my sunglasses nobody my best friend wouldn ' t recognise me but it wasn ' t very nice the water was rather warm and not very deep yeah yeah it cos it was like horrible artificial and and it was there in that they made
1350. ' s all sorts of things like it doesn ' t happen in my college but every other college there ' s lots of drinking societies and that and if you ' re not i ' ve got one friend who isn ' t in one in her college and is just sort of mm ostracised so you have to be in one of these really? oh my god archaic sort of perverse that '
1351. no if you do a master ' s anybody could do a phd i mean if you ' re clever you run it out oh yeah until you ' re forty - five mm exactly erm although my friend ' s got a year left to his phd and he ' s like twenty - eight right yeah but what before his funding runs out? no a year to a year left to do it cos he
1352. looked at him as you as you do and mm as as he walked past and saw me looking at him he went oh did he? acknowledging me as a member of the public well you know our friend works for him? does he? yeah and what does he say about him? he ' s he ' s like he ' s nice enough he ' s friendly but he said he doesn ' t like
1357. she has got a book for us to have but i think it ' d be good if we do that let me take a selfie so you get two who is katie dale? she is my friend who writes those fairy tale like mumnesia? stories yes and mumnesia is the st is the book that hopefully should be in morrisons so we ' ll look out for it cos i will she
1358. this is this a story that you ' ve read? no and in it what is it then? a tv programme oh right and er the the girl wants to make some cupcakes for a friend and she asks the genies and rubs her little lamp on her necklace right and then they come out and erm they said cupcake but that ' s er a a really big cake on top of
1359. oh do a basket tomorrow i ' m going to be so rubbish and pe last time wasn ' t the best what happened last time i can ' t even remember well you know netball with my best friend what happened last time in the changing rooms oh yes yeah of course but i ' ve don ' t know basket was very competitive so up against i ' m going to get whacked in the face
1360. think if i enjoy it and i do okay amazing i ' ll do it again but yeah it was like i think cos sunday was a really really nice day and i set out running with a friend of mine and we weren ' t like pushing it like i wasn ' t like i probably could have tried a little bit harder but i just wanted to do the distance to be honest i was going to
1361. a really nice bottle of prosecco at the weekend mm mm we went to this erm we went to it ' s like by the seaside somewhere in suffolk somewhere oh nice oh yeah and my best friend came up for the day and he picked me and up and he took us it sounds really sad but he loves castles it ' s really weird he ' s like a generically really good looking guy he
1363. buys tiger prawns to cook herself yeah for a treat and if i ' m feeling really wild i throw some vegetables into my fajita wow you sound like a catch shut up yeah my friend though she really confused me the other day she put chilli con carne mix in with chicken i don ' t like chilli con carne no i was like it kinda worked but it kind of
1364. week mm but but how was your weekend? what did you get up to? mm gym erm the weather was so nice wasn ' t it? on the weekend it was lovely me and my friend we just literally went on like just a really long walk which was really nice with the dogs and yeah the family have been away so i had a free house that was really nice as well oh nice anya
1368. but no oh really? yeah literally the last few years have been just dire oh no that ' s not good erm how come like are they? mm one year i fell out with my best friend oh no that actually is like that would be horrible yeah like she was like a bitch all summer and then she tu i turned up for my birthday party it was my twentieth birthday party i turned up and
1370. like with and it ' s fine cos i feel like it ' s so it ' s just comfortable and it ' s nice and i know and you don ' t have yeah yeah like my friend had a birthday barbecue last week and i was like i was home i was like well i could go to it and i was like no i ' m going to stay in and watch a film yeah yeah
1371. no effort yeah exactly yeah that one sounds good to me like literally last frfriday we had a movie night saturday we had a movie night yeah sunday i did nothing oh no i went round my friend ' s house and had dinner and then she ' s like my second mum she ' s like they ' ve known our family since i was born yeah so i went round hers for dinner and then came
1372. together in january and then the kind of we just didn ' t really see each other for like four months which is really weird she ' s my housemate but er and she ' s my best friend from school so oh so you already knew each other? yeah so it ' s been quite good that way and some of them with my mum but my mum rants so much and i ' ve had
1375. t read it mm and i thought she was just doing like a sequel or something yeah no no it was just but it was just that fictional moment in life cos like i was talking to my friend cos my friend was like well how old would that make harry potter? and i was like i don ' t know so we googled it and apparently according to the story or her like chronological order
1376. and i thought she was just doing like a sequel or something yeah no no it was just but it was just that fictional moment in life cos like i was talking to my friend cos my friend was like well how old would that make harry potter? and i was like i don ' t know so we googled it and apparently according to the story or her like chronological order harry potter was born
1377. seeing what the differences actually are yeah and also the different situations like can actually categorise it yeah like this morning i was like over the weekend i was having a bit of an argument with a friend of mine and we had like a little chat this morning about it and in the way on the drive here i was trying in my head to like formulate how i say what i wanted to say because
1378. not that big i ' m like six or seven yeah well that ' s what i thought yeah that ' s right like i went to a few weekends ago with two of my girlfriends then another guy friend and like they were like yeah well you have massive shoes i was just like oh thanks ah thanks make me feel ininsecure why don ' t you? yeah about my feet and they were just like
1379. short i was like yes and they were like well short people don ' t have big feet i was like that doesn ' t make any sense like where is the logic? but yeah i know my friend ' s like that she ' s i think she ' s only like five foot three or something but she ' s got like size seven yeah feet and she doesn ' t look out of proportion no but
1380. they do no it ' s not yeah i ' d much rather spend my money going on holiday to be honest yeah and going me too yeah so i always think that and like my cos my friend ' s getting married as well oh and s i think she ' s spending quiet a lot on her wedding yeah well more than she ' d want to mm and i was like i wouldn ' t wanna
1382. mean i have trouble do er with some scottish accents i think i think they ' re irish oh yes you know? that ' s aren ' t they? so true there ' s a i mean friend of ' s called yeah and i thought mm that could be an irish name that i yeah might not have yeah heard before and i heard her talking away and i thought oh she ' s somewhere from scotland
1386. ##m you know the terminators yeah they are just they are though they are invincible mum still cooks her meals and they they ' re invincible they ' ve got erm they ' ve got a friend who ' s kind of a bit younger than a bit older than me but younger than them like a generation in between us mm and they ' re very good to mum and dad cos mum and dad
1387. they ' re like what? i was like yep mm and i feel like but how do you afford it on your salary? mm and i ' m like not being funny but i have a brilliant friend who finds really cheap deals like it ' s not just that they ' re cheap they ' re actually like quite high quality as well yeah and like like like yeah business class suite you know like private transport
1388. i really like he ' s really chilled he ' s really good mm erm and we all get on really well as a four so like will be fine mm erm but last week my french friend found out yep yep that her ex boyfriend is having a baby and getting married oh and they broke up a year ago so it ' s like a year later okay yeah yeah he ' s having a baby
1390. the train to? yeah i did immediately after my class on friday yeah and then because my parents are divorced i had to have like friday with my dad saturday with my mum and then sunday with a friend so i didn ' t really t get to do any study oh well you ' ll be fine what did you do? erm i worked i worked all weekend where do you work again? in er
1393. that ' s so funny which is terrible i ' m quite i like erm i went to egypt and stuff i like stuff like that yeah i wanna go to morocco oh that ' s cool my friend ' s just come back from morocco really? went to marrakesh he just got married so er yeah that ' s his honeymoon mm oh wow that ' s so nice mm did you go to his
1397. put him in a children ' s home actually ' s dad has a similar back story which is quite interesting really? and then my mum worked at the children ' s home and so did her best friend and that ' s so my dad was with his mum and then a couple of years after they broke up he got back in contact with her friend and now they ' re together so it ' s all
1398. the children ' s home and so did her best friend and that ' s so my dad was with his mum and then a couple of years after they broke up he got back in contact with her friend and now they ' re together so it ' s all been very and my mother ' s now back with her childhood sweetheart that she was with from sixteen so oh so your mum and dad aren ' t
1399. you ' re like telling me about some guy you mugged or something then it should be alright would you get in trouble for that? er you might if you did it i ' ve got a friend i told you er i recorded him a little bit yesterday but he ' s really hard to record cos he just says incriminating things all the time oh dear it ' d be about you know
1400. caught the train out to which is like a little town on the coast near okay just north of and it ' s really pretty i think it ' s quite a bit of an english trap but my friend ' s a teacher there in an english school ooh very nice yeah it was really nice it sounds lovely so was did you say that was last? january i think yeah like january okay yeah so it
1401. pick him up yeah and then come home so yeah she will so i think she ' s dead in she ' s like so happy with her lot because she ' s now bought a house from her friend her house needs a this new house she ' s gonna get it s needs a lot of renovating right i said oh god you ' re gonna need some help with that erm is it in cambridge
1402. ' re gonna need some help with that erm is it in cambridge? it ' s in oh right okay mm she sold her flat in cambridge right okay so she ' s bought it off her friend which sounds kinda nifty i hope mm it all works out for her but erm but he so she ' ll have this house and like all done up and be her and and you know?
1404. with my dad you know why why i suppose but y d i don ' t know i i mean i can only remember this of course what she told me yeah but erm but certainly my another friend of mine erm she was from a different crowd london crowd erm it ' s just funny how people use facebook these days right so i get back from obviously spending six months on the road doing this
1405. right so i get back from obviously spending six months on the road doing this road trip around australia not using facebook a great deal at all i get back and then i get this strange message from a friend of mine and then the next thing is oh i ' m about to go into labour and i ' ve got a really buggered house my my er builders haven ' t done the job properly and
1406. ' ll make a difference if you crave your past though? you know y that that ' s something that i need to look for and find yeah gosh i met up with an old school friend bitter about things oh gosh even this guy he wasn ' t erm all that erm bitter well actually yeah he has a let ' s put a nice spin on it he like kinda hates it
1409. s gonna do this it ' s bizarre cos i said to her about doing something else and she wanted me to get involved yeah but she just text me today to say she ' s got a friend who is erm an italian chef right who ' s willing to come to to do an evening of making pasta it ' s all a bit odd she ' s a i mean yeah but people love that
1410. clicking through otherwise stuff which is just like you know yeah you said i had scrambled eggs for breakfast and i liked it yeah that is not gonna bring the no mostly no but oh small talk oh my friend was talking about that the other day how she ' s quite shy she ' s quite introvert whatever maybe i should actually get it for her yeah well what is it? oh my gosh it '
1413. that ' s really really hard feeling yeah it is hard yeah no it ' s cos ' s never had sweets has he not? he ' s had chocolate mm but we went round to a friend ' s about a year ago actually and she was giving her little boy fruit shoots which i absolutely hate right and lollipops like hard boiled lollipops yeah and didn ' t know what
1414. didn ' t want to come why why? no i i did go i did go wasn ' t it wasn ' t it and ' s ' s birthday? no it was my mum ' s friend we went to the thing up in the village hall and got really drunk do you remember? and we were like sixteen and came and whacked we were so drunk i passed out and mum and dad
1416. ? oh that ' s so cute yeah rea mm so he was just like proper showing off just like going really fast and you guys were just there yeah we were just like and my other best friend like she fell over six times oh no and in the end she got one of those polar bear things that kids have straight up you have to but erm he was like my friend ' s boyfriend was
1417. my other best friend like she fell over six times oh no and in the end she got one of those polar bear things that kids have straight up you have to but erm he was like my friend ' s boyfriend was so good that he even like the people who were like running it who were like going around like making sure everyone was okay yeah they were just there teaching him tricks like how to stop
1420. know yeah i know i ' m going to have to go twice this month you know you ' re gonna have to what do you mean you know? like one ' s for going out for my friend ' s birthday oh right and then we ' re going to go to what ' s it called? is that what it ' s called? yeah yeah it ' s a bar oh a b not the
1422. s just the plot do you guys watch or do you do you watch scandal? no but my friend does i don ' t wanna get into it i ' m not going to watch it but my friend watches and she ' s always like oh my goodness yeah? what ' s her na i don ' t know what that woman ' s name is eh and then she ' s like oh the president the
1423. her pizza place is topps but she loves to go pizza express that ' s all that ' s all she does yeah no i we first discovered topps cos it was like me and my friend last year we was just wandering around and it was like gone midnight and we were hungry yeah and all the chicken places were shut for some reason obviously they ' re always bloody shut and we wandered all the
1425. the er or the balls to do it well i have erm cos you wouldn ' t just go out to the corridor and stand for twenty minutes would you? no i mean i had a friend who was a civil servant who erm who s i mean er she worked at the department for and she was the first in the loop about everything because even the ministers would go for a fag so
1426. ' t distinguish what ' s lies and what ' s the truth very difficult that w apparently we ' re going to be safer out of europe well we ' ll be safer from what? yes your friend didn ' t take kindly to me yesterday when i was saying something she di she went er and looked very defensive she ' s from cornwall i can ' t remember what i said i think it was about
1427. and then come over here for a night and then go down south to her sister erm because she ' s basically doing her christmas visits at the beginning of december because they are house sitting for a friend in italy for two months from something like the nineteenth of december to some time in february great very nice in umbria erm cos they ' ve actually invited me to go over in my christmas holiday
1428. for two months from something like the nineteenth of december to some time in february great very nice in umbria erm cos they ' ve actually invited me to go over in my christmas holiday their friend who normally spends christmas with them is going er and they said there ' s enough s space in this house for me to be there at the same time or after her cos mm the last time i
1429. italian one i think well i wouldn ' t have said it was italian but well no yes it had pasta but the reason i haven ' t been but i met by chance and she was meeting a friend in this italian one and i said i didn ' t even know there was an italian one well there ' s there ' s i passed somewhere else that i would have called a caff and of course
1430. be able to like understand it or anything arabic? no i don ' t think it ' s that it ' s not that bad it ' s not as hard as like um no i had a friend who went to uni uh it ' s not as hard as thai i would ' ve thought i had a friend who went to uni who ' d done like i um french french a level and
1431. not that bad it ' s not as hard as like um no i had a friend who went to uni uh it ' s not as hard as thai i would ' ve thought i had a friend who went to uni who ' d done like i um french french a level and that was all and she went to uni to do arabic yeah to become she ended up becoming working in the in
1432. in congress and she ' s worked at the un what american congress? yeah she did an internship thing that ' s really that ' s quite good isn ' t it? actually liz has got a friend who uh els is uh works in diplomacy international relations doesn ' t she? she ' s a bit of a high flyer oh has she? um so and also um you know? her um friend
1433. who uh els is uh works in diplomacy international relations doesn ' t she? she ' s a bit of a high flyer oh has she? um so and also um you know? her um friend she went travelling with works for the foreign office in can ' t remember where she is now but she was in kazakhstan oh excellent um they got their script over there oh the russian? cyrillic script so what
1434. or? well it ' s got er the michelin guide it ' s got three stars or something so there ' s lots of things to do to see apparently and you and my french argentinian friend says there ' s places you can go to by rail or you could hire a car mm erm all sorts of places of interest around toulouse mm well it ' s quite big i ' ve been to
1436. for for years but there was using that and of course was you yeah what my mother would say say using language she ' d say meaning bad language in that case mm yeah i i always notice my friend from northern ireland she would say when we were like cross it in china it ' s really hard to cross a road so you kind of have to just take it go just go and er you ' re
1437. it was in all seriousness and that ' s why they and he was er no and they became extinct bizarre totally bizarre yeah i just find it strange when people are erm say when they like my friend saying oh i should have went then should have went yeah like that ' s totally wrong i mean it ' s not wrong if that ' s how if that ' s how she says it then if that
1438. boring you with my hair stories? um well no i was asking um i was just uh so um yeah so i ' m quite lucky cos some people some people just can ' t like me friend lucy she ' s got lovely hair and if i was her i ' d just leave it but she like full - on straightens it and that every single day cos you cos you covered up
1439. know erm i know who she is but i don ' t know if you knew er ah? that ' s not that ' s not that isn ' t no is that? is that your friend? nno that ' s no that ' s i that ' s it is yeah i ' m gonna see her next week really? i remember that one that one ' s like erm and who
1440. over the trees and nearly falling off and dying it was fun was this somewhere was this in in? or? er i don ' t know er there there were like scottish people there i think my friend somebody and there ' s a wedding in yorkshire when you were eight we went to a wedding in yorkshire when you were eight and that ' s you lying in a tent i think underneath the mm we slept
1441. aisles well pays for the whole year you see so she goes as many times as she wants and she goes running and gets the parking gets a free parking ticket no there ' s there ' s a friend of mine in the ta old he he was a erm barristers ' clerk in in and he lived in and and he jogged to work? and it ' s expensive no it ' s really expensive
1444. whoever would work wouldn ' t it? yeah the cards are always good a good seller anyway aren ' t they? well is it no cards cos you say you ' re you ' re your friend down here she does pottery doesn ' t she? mm pottery and stuff like that you know just a small selection there and price it you don ' t but if you if you just trust the people that
1445. if you know the carol you kind of know when you ' ve got to play yeah because you can hear what your bells are doing mm but she can ' t she cannot get it erm her friend ' s alright and the other lady up that end is alright and then we work down and we the lady next to me has to has to colour up all her notes cos she can ' t read
1447. no we didn ' t see them wants to go back to try some of the brew cos i don ' t think you ' re meant to buy the brew oh yes oh i see yes my friend said to me oh that ' s a nice photo i hope you tried the local brew but they still make their and i said no we didn ' t they make their own don ' t they they don
1450. at eleven am erm in london but i don ' t know when i ' ll be free from that mm and i ' m hoping to arrange to meet up with hannah and nat you know my friend from queens and italy girl erm and then come back well providing you ' re here for dinner well i was gonna say we were just going to have some sort of dinner late on so erm whenever
1451. yeah erm i hadn ' t it ' s not something i ' d really thought about until my friend was running a vegetarian cafe in in erm scarborough for quite a while oh yeah? and so they had some of their dishes all of their dishes were vegetarian but some of their dishes some of them were
1453. ##s said that does he tell everyone? once to me and i didn ' t know what she was on about cos we just think of ourselves as we are no we met dad ' s l friend the lady who the prison and her husband oh yes she ' s in prison or no no er he works with yeah right and we had a coffee after the swim and i started telling her about the coast
1455. many years ago was that? five? six? oh it must have been don ' t know six six years ago something like that and i didn ' t realise because she was only like an old friend from school wasn ' t she? five years ago wow five years ago yeah but she was an old friend from school why would i contact her all the time? and i don ' t really do that
1456. years ago something like that and i didn ' t realise because she was only like an old friend from school wasn ' t she? five years ago wow five years ago yeah but she was an old friend from school why would i contact her all the time? and i don ' t really do that kind of thing yeah yeah yeah and she doesn ' t either obviously cos otherwise there would be some more
1461. yeah so and they ' re the ones that you think are the same but they ' re not yeah yeah and they by taking that approach you can get yourself in a bit of trouble so so my friend made a little er youtube video mm of four minutes playing off these different false friends against each other uhu you know? yeah she ' s got quite a s it ' s nice cos you see
1462. yeah mm it was quite nice erm and erm and yeah the bogan papassword gave it away yeah very oh okay there you go so at the g20 in brisbane yeah yeah a friend of mine is saying erm i wonder if this climate stuff has sunk in ffor tony abbott as the g20 concludes the hottest day yet this year forty - three degrees geez wow oh that '
1464. ' s things going in europe have you settled down yet? do you know where you ' re going? what you ' re doing you know the normal questions and i ' m like no but my friend ' s just recently moved to cyprus and then this co comes comes through ah and i ' m like how funny how funny is that? and my dad must be looking at it going what? cos
1465. in um tut oh nice yeah so he lived in because er it was easier for him to get to and from work but he he um er h he wasn ' t married he had a woman friend mm who came from and they h they shared a house together so er i think it was her house and he used to come er to visit the house at weekends er ' s sleeping in for quite a
1466. suppose i wasn ' t a massive fan of those short cartoons i tended to prefer the hanna barbera ones? i tended to prefer um longer films and uh um i remember having a conversation with a friend about um he liked shorter films i liked longer films that ' s one of the earliest conversations i can remember when i was about four or something oh is it? it ' s funny that you like longer
1467. just sometimes it ' s just nice to talk to the opposite sex isn ' t it really? yeah yeah i think there was a girl in erm that he met when they were our somewhere a friend of a friend and they started like just hanging out a bit together erm and then she they found out she was twenty - eight and he was sort of twenty - one at the time coming on twenty
1468. ' s just nice to talk to the opposite sex isn ' t it really? yeah yeah i think there was a girl in erm that he met when they were our somewhere a friend of a friend and they started like just hanging out a bit together erm and then she they found out she was twenty - eight and he was sort of twenty - one at the time coming on twenty - two really
1469. she ' ll always have a lesson every year erm hasn ' t been for a few years but he ' s coming this this year mm mm he went about five years ago i think with a friend they went snowboarding with the friend ' s family over in germany erm cos his dad had been in the forces and he knew somewhere there to go and they went and you know he he was
1470. every year erm hasn ' t been for a few years but he ' s coming this this year mm mm he went about five years ago i think with a friend they went snowboarding with the friend ' s family over in germany erm cos his dad had been in the forces and he knew somewhere there to go and they went and you know he he was snowboarding and had a good time
1471. ' t know quite a few people i know go to craft clubs now yeah that seems to be quite popular and do that sort of quilting and crafting and and that sort of stuff yeah my friend she ' s got into quilting and and em sewing and all that mm she loved the great british sewing bee and all that you know when that came out yeah mm mm it ' s just finding it
1474. yeah we were just like hi and then the last time was erm he was coming out of his bedroom as me and were leaving but we were running so late we were supposed to be at her friend ' s at nine and it was half nine and we hadn ' t eaten yet right cos i took her down to tgi ' s and we were gonna eat there yeah on saturday night erm
1475. well do you remember when we had to do that news report in my french seminar? the guy who was the foreign correspondent like down in london yeah yeah above the floods he showed a picture of his friend ' s house and the water was like up to here really? and there was just it was like a swimming pool inside their house and that was in london just what what would what do you do?
1476. yeah so i think that ' s why she ' s finally happy with her learning environment cos she ' s finally doing stuff that she ' s a good at and b enjoys yeah yeah well my friend does that at erm my friend the disabled one who i tell you about all the time yeah who you ' ve not actually met yet even though she lives in well i still know everything about her yeah
1477. why she ' s finally happy with her learning environment cos she ' s finally doing stuff that she ' s a good at and b enjoys yeah yeah well my friend does that at erm my friend the disabled one who i tell you about all the time yeah who you ' ve not actually met yet even though she lives in well i still know everything about her yeah i know soon as you meet her
1481. her instead yeah? so yeah i ' m gonna put her in the dress and say erm at one o ' clock come and meet me at university yeah we ' ll go go to see our friend she ' ll like to see you yeah especially if you ' re wearing the pretty dress she bought you yeah? let ' s hope hasn ' t made any arrangements for mm because well er esespe
1482. you say that but there ' s well actually it ' s er all going internet isn ' t it really? it is actually isn ' t it? yeah but i ' ve got a very good friend she ' s good she ' s good with the internet though she ' s good with computers oh yeah yeah yeah called it was er d who got a first at college mm like yeah they managed to get
1486. like this don ' t you? what game? battlestar galactica the fucking board game it ' s a killer mate are you like battlestar ' s number one fan? yeah i know my friend ' s bought me this cos we bought the game of thrones ones so they reciprocated game of thrones mate why are you into game of thrones man? this shit is insane
1487. in the summer we had to put towels on them they ' re t i was thinking what t well now i think what a shit design yeah like leather seats and your window did i tell you my friend ' s got a boat? she ' s d i told you i got a turkish cypriot friend and i have a greek cypriot friend and a turkish cypriot friend she ' s called i think so she '
1491. trojan dub well think about it you used to be able to record off the bloody radio i know that was alright wasn ' t it? yeah it was fine and i could give a cassette to my friend that was fine erm yeah it was all about making tapes for each other what they don ' t didn ' t like was the fact that you could very quickly share it with everyone mm not just people
1492. you can video somebody and then you go right how do we know each other? we know each other because this is our connection point then you explore common interests and then somebody says oh and then my friend or my lecturer or my mum or my dad or something like this right? and then you go okay would you ask your friend person whoever if we can erm if they wanna be videoed and you
1496. it i ' m like that with jewellery if i ' ve got very expensive earrings yeah you can i never wear them because i ' m i use them all the time yeah i ' ve got a friend who even paperbacks he doesn ' t like like creasing the spine he ' s very worried cos he just never takes books anywhere and reads them very carefully he just to yeah things are meant
1497. on these areas erm we ' re really interested in people from wales at the minute oh yeah? not many welsh people have mm right okay so if you know any welsh people my best my best friend ' s welsh but she doesn ' t live in ah well if erm people kind of living she doesn ' t live in wales either people living anywhere can can get involved erm yeah if she '
1503. oh they ' ve got to do night navigation as well oh fun so i think he ' s erm camping again what did you say about and? erm they ' re going to like their friend ' s party oh okay erm yeah looking like erm you could use alalways use like a fork? no it ' s alright problem is you then might scratch your pan oh no it '
1506. jump well that i ' ll probabl like well if lose a stone i probably will cos i ' ve got nowhere else i can lose it i ' m skinny everywhere apart from there a friend of ours he he if i ' m losing a stone it has to come off here mm oh he pre he lost pre sh pre - diabetes mm right? yeah and then they went on a diet and
1510. ' t care just go back in time and just find the original paper that ' s where it was oh oh oh oh how did you lose it? i have no idea if they think like a friend of us looked at the computer and he just thinks that there might have just been a glitch so i saved everything like on my hard drive and then on an external hard drive yeah yeah and i
1511. like an internet source on some cloud mm yeah that ' s what you call it a cloud nowadays? yeah the cloud the cloud the cloud yeah yeah it ' s probably better but when i had a friend look at it he asked me if i ' d emailed it to myself and i opened it up with the email because apparently if you do well so if you email your document to yourself and then you
1512. ##ging you up yeah yeah so it is it isn ' t good for you no but it ' s better than smoking well the reseach so far when i ' ve tr i did try a friend ' s and the few times that i tried it a couple of times was alright and then there were times like a liquid like went in my mouth and it was foul mm mm yeah yeah it was really
1513. kinda went out had a few drinks i think we were yeah i think we were actually quite out of control when we were out yeah yeah so then we and now it ' s not bad yeah a friend bought me like four patches of tobacco which you can ' t get in korea so it was like oh i can ' t really say no to four pouches of fifty four patches of fifty grams of tobacco
1515. that was league of gentlemen a can of coke i can i can ' t yeah did you watch mighty boosh? yeah yeah and you did like mighty boosh we only recently saw that because a friend showed us the old greg oh yeah do you like baileys? we have baileys from from the mm creamy and oh greg it ' s one of the pictures of old greg it ' s yeah it
1516. came from? beautiful yeah how did you know that? we cos that ' s what my dad my dad only recalls police gathers have you ever watched erm? very strange dialectical variation my friend the other day was telling me that the he was saying he went he ' s got some friends from newcastle and he was saying they all call haribo ket like ketamine what? it '
1517. potatoes it ' s er it ' s really good ah well yeah it ' s good actually when have you had moussaka before? have you had it in greece? no i had a greek friend make it though yeah it ' s probably the same it was it might be the same yeah there ' re different versions of it yeah i have only cooked moussaka since greece so i have never compared
1518. ahead right? yeah when we finish work you start work yeah and when you finish work we ' re in bed so it ' s kinda yeah it ' s difficult wasn ' t that i have a friend that lives in ah yeah and she was like was it new year? i she was like happy new year what are you talking about it ' s hours away? she was like happy new year and i
1520. one is stronger yeah it hurts your throat doesn ' t it? oh that one ' s weird try that what ' s that? i feel like that ' s way better than the one that our friend had in korea but it does taste slightly stronger it ' s stronger oh that ' s actually quite s it ' s isn ' t it? er we had one that was bullshit ones in korea what '
1521. get a bit lost or break and people come and go so they don ' t know the full extent of how much you are an alcoholic you know what i mean? yeah she had a really alcoholic friend we had like a gathering we did a barbecue on the roof it was a and we got together with the office as well so we were a bunch of people so we were trying to be a bit more
1522. that ' s like in england yeah i guess it ' s the same for every job every f every free that ' s worse in other jobs yeah yeah it ' s like i was saying to a friend of mine who went into teaching remember her dad gave her such a hard time for going into teaching and was like her dad was like some high - flyer lawyer who was sending his kids to like oh those
1525. age mm seems like a pretty good yeah we knew yeah basically he was like twenty - one or something you ' re about our age yeah we were all about mm mm that ' s scary yourself our friend is in s he lives in actually i think i mentioned like when we first decided to come here he thought oh we ' ll live with for a couple of weeks while we look for somewhere to stay and
1530. do you graduate? but you handed in earlier november we graduate in january yeah december or something yeah some people do oh we would ' ve had richard attenborough had it not been for yeah our friend came to this uni a few years ago and was at his graduation he was at the last graduation oh that ' s so cool yeah cos he was the fellow of he was the yeah something like
1531. just the same company they created a secondary company yeah ah but they scare you by thinking that it ' s this yes and they put the word law in it company yeah yeah so it sounds yeah my friend ' s but they don ' t have the right to do anything but said recently but it still scared our family they were like ah we the bailiffs they ' ve been taken to court about it
1532. but you kind of do mm and you help people that own the job and so it ' s it ' s almost working at a job and you find the candidate and you split fifty fifty but a friend of ours who worked in she worked for like high street kind of recruitment and her manager would like steal erm cvs from her and like take them over and would like lock down her computer and like
1533. do it as well and that ' s fine like in the day it ' s like you pay like a hundred and ten pounds for a pair of like second - hand jeans and in the evening a friend of us worked there in the evening like doing like shelves and whatever and she was the only english person that worked there everyone else was like i don ' t know where the like from india like the kind
1535. money today they they could have it you didn ' t do it then they can have my overdraft if they want it? yeah was she nominated? i was nominated by my mum ' s friend yeah i was nominated by someone yeah do you know what? i think she was nominated but she didn ' t do it because she ' s something about animals animal testing whatever yeah i know but her mum
1539. every year that i ' ve been gone oh that ' s cool it ' s pretty cool i finally got it back yeah he ' s really happy with that in some years it will be ready my friend and i bought one each first year of uni and his his died straight away mine ' s still going so we erm we have a friend er mm when we saw him he was telling us about
1540. with that in some years it will be ready my friend and i bought one each first year of uni and his his died straight away mine ' s still going so we erm we have a friend er mm when we saw him he was telling us about his trip to san francisco oh yeah so he went to san francisco for like three weeks or something they went to san francisco and then they went to
1541. oh no pretty disgusting well it ' s not as bad as but yeah cos no one liked him loads of people sort of er borrowed things from his house yeah like ah his house phone er a friend of mine used to take like yeah i remember yeah i had it a bit harsh like i had a smoking yeah but it was probably cos we filmed it and joked about it he was probably drunk and
1542. t know what my friends were up to but it was terrible and yeah kicked me out after that i ' d just been kicked out of my mum ' s pretty recently as well so turns out my friend was a window fitter though which is quite useful so i just broke back into my own house yeah he never knew how i got back here and then i kept leaving him little notes like two dad zero
1543. okay is it the first time you there was something in a video about it ' s just really unfortunate that my tousers and my pants manage to i think i ' ve heard was saying a friend of his sis had s similar story like a ketchup bottle stuck up his ass and he said the same thing he climbed up and fell or whatever but apparently on stories on th on the on the
1545. ' s guatemala so i can imagine that kind of just happens or it doesn ' t you know a few yeah like yeah it ' s like an no was saying cancun we were er a friend of us erm goes to america quite a lot and hires like he ' ll fly over to like chicago or new york or whatever new york chicago and just hires a car and then just drives like he
1546. a mountain trail yeah to follow the mountain trail and you you preorganised drops in post offices for food and stuff and then he hicked for six wee six months we ' ve got another friend we met in korea a guy called him and his mates went back saved a bit of money him and his brother sorry saved a bit of money in korea went back bought a boat took college classes in how
1547. siria and those places we ' re considering and then when he talked no he we ' re considering teaching in irak there ' re some jobs there mm not bue he erm got a friend who works there one of my best friends he worked to yeah yeah he ' s an electrician and was in the army yeah yeah a private contract and stuff yeah yeah yeah to get in yeah yeah he
1548. stuff yeah yeah yeah to get in yeah yeah he ' s cos obviously he had to fucking spend his money on that yeah yeah yeah and then and your good wage that ' s exactly what our friend cos er his dad ' s acted as military but he ' s been private contracting him since they went to iran mm mm that ' s probably why and he ' s earning hundreds of thousands yeah i
1549. only on fourteen grand some like again americans think it ' s amazing even if it ' s expensive yeah they ' re like wow it ' s so cheap but yeah but even with insurance we had a friend and she got appendicitis when she was there mm and erm she had to go into hospital for like five days or something and into a room and i think at the end yeah like a
1550. yeah with no milk pales on her they had the african they had the africans yeah just as tarzan with the and they ' re like with black face seriously as soon as you we had an indian friend and she ' s going to work and they go and she was like what? she was a she was american indian indian she ' s american indian no they ' re terrible yeah it ' s it '
1552. we met was i feel like we were more representative mm of the working class of the people there or at least their families were and stuff like that most of the americans were we take back our closest friend s ' s erm father just bought a bunch of land in kentucky equivalent to fifty american football pitches mm like you and that and then he ' s doing his private contracting in afghanistan he just bought that
1553. ##ories doesn ' t matter yeah that ' s basically your it ' s a bit of a shame yeah yeah yeah metabolism will burn it off anyway i heard about i didn ' t actually watch it my friend told me about a documentary where they realised like in the eighties or something that sugar was terribly terribly bad for you mm like really really bad for you but at the time decided that it was easier and better
1557. was here as well he came over like they came here for a couple of hours and then it was a nice day so we went to the beach for a couple of hours and then we met her friend and had dinner oh that is nice yeah it was good she ' s really happy she says her job ' s she ' s g she ' s doing what she wants to do he ' s doing what
1563. i took it as being flattering cos you were younger than them so he was put out cos i ' d offered him my seat he was put out but his wife and his and his friend found it they were killing themselves laughing they found it hilarious erm you know the rialto bridge or we ' ll show you a picture of it soon was made from stone from istria oh i
1564. get them back yeah the outrage but she ' s crazy is this the one who like stabbed her ex - boyfriend? she bottled him yeah the one who stabbed her ex - boyfriend who ' s my friend ' s girlfriend she got put in juvie for that you know delightful people in juvie? she got put in juvenile how old was she? yeah juvie for three months she was like sixteen seventeen
1566. anyone ' s gonna be a serial killer it ' s gonna be him that ' s creepy creepy so creepy so creepy oh my god oh dear we did the er we did sardines and my friend had one and she n we named it i think to wind her up cos she really liked the name sardines are small aren ' t they though? they ' re like this big i think
1567. i didn ' t like biology though it ' s just it ' s just so boring ' s brother is called oh sorry and now oh it ' s from downton abbey oh my cousin ' s friend ' s brother got a needle stuck in his eye he was popping a balloon and it oh oh god oh it was like my gran well no it was really funny cos my grandma well it ' s
1568. better to cut these in half or to just have them standing up? they look nice like that you reckon? yep do you ever do stuffed peppers? no never done them you can do what my friend used to do you can ' t i haven ' t done it since cos we don ' t have it it ' s stuffed erm marrow and marrows are really big so like it ' s
1570. ' re not i couldn ' t do anything yeah yeah you ' re just completely kind of paralysed by it or i my paren my mum was driving me cos we were at a friend ' s house and i got really i was fine in the morning and then all of a sudden i was freezing cold even though it was the middle of summer i got into bed mm and just covered myself
1571. want the other k dumplings? soup was nice though soup was delicious absolutely delicious how did the cake go? really quite well i think but er i mean i ' m taking it up to my friend so i don ' t know until i cut into it erm but it looks good it smells amazing what rec what what cake was it? ginger cake? ginger cake out of margot henderson ' s you
1572. was mm friendly with her? can i can i have some more red wine please? we went with no they hadn ' t met erm they hadn ' t met her before but with mmy friend who ' s like erm a a chef who was in town to do some stuff for and knows all the people there cos like er i mean i didn ' t ask but i imagine like one
1574. that ' s what they do at the actual er at this part at the end when there ' s the songs yeah i think they do but not on this bit ah my my er you know my friend mum?? yeah yeah she lives in house in and next like next door is a house which is it ' s got in the go garden they ' ve built sort of a community shed so all the
1575. ##the worst thing to do is wait here you have to move he ' s like oh i ' ve gotta stop there ' s no internet so where were going then? we were going to ' s friend ' s r er restaurant in the end i had to take his phone and like give him directions from like the map on the phone we er we was calling people and s you know we had to basically
1576. photos i ' ve got and who are they exactly? are they really? i can ' t actually remember how i met them i met i went to a party and w party i was with my friend and then he was like i dunno like came back with these two guys who and danced with us and then we like exchanged emails and then m i got i came back to new york from texas and
1577. of those it ' s called your mum who literally would just like find really nice wines to pair with the meals for these like hot girls that live there how did you meet this person? er my friend lives there but the guy who owns the house is really really rich he ' s a banker she ' s just living there temporarily but i think he broke up with his wife and then he just bought this
1579. what ' s happening then? um well i ' m going even if i ' m going on my own apparently is er there not gonna be a football team there? to go and watch ' s friend er ' s friends and maybe don ' t really know play another football team that i ' ve no idea who they are at histon grounds on friday night ta - dah three pounds to go and
1584. and they were just like it ' s appropriate it ' s just perfect er the orange is her skin and they just used to call her budget all the time hilarious budget er obviously the boyfriend er their friend didn ' t find it very funny no i can imagine not yeah but yeah so he ' s much more into the superficial than i am but after tut mm he may er might ' ve grown up
1586. in lidl yeah well i was going to say keep them behind the bar a pound ' s worth of mug just pop it in there it would good we could write our names on them yeah my friend he lives near brisbane in australia he ' s erm his local coffee shop has his cup there and when he he sits there and passes the time of day with them the morning drinking his morning coffee and
1587. perform a role in life that we want to perform be the character we want to be so there ' s nothing false about it it ' s just do it mm mm yeah mm yeah me and my friend have talked about this before where sort of if you ' re if you are acting for want of a better word erm is it a good thing or a bad thing? and will you eventually become that
1588. to be arriving soon little cats but yeah so a couple of nights ago i had this dream and i was kind of in this big mansion and at the top of the hallway and it was mine my friend was painting and she had done this purpley turquoise colour which is impossible but it ' s possible in dreamland and she had painted a bit over the white ceiling oh fuck she ' s gone over the
1589. ##tiness out there but you know i can see it all and it ' s only my perception that there might be nastiness maybe it will maybe it won ' t who knows? and a friend of mine was with me there as well and she ' s actually a painter and decorator for a living so there ' s almost that sort of freshening up renovating sort of theme going on again
1591. is not so easy to give up an actual person oh i don ' t know i can ' t just you know pour him down the sink or put him in the bin or give him to a friend until i come back i can be really black and white about people sometimes and i can just switch off i ' m not sure where that comes from self - preservation instinct i suppose i know no i can
1592. i find i can sometimes be a little bit aggressive then sometimes which isn ' t like me and i will tell someone to fuck off if need be but yeah i ' m thinking about an ex - friend who a few years ago and i was a little bit the same i was just blanking her for a while we had a huge falling out and i just thought well fuck you and have the space then
1593. applicator tampon i ' m alright i brought a load from england yeah i i bought some the other day from rossman i ' ve been really tempted to try a mooncup yeah my friend mooncups erm and she swears by it erm i don ' t know how i feel mm no i am not very i ' m not sure i could be bothered with all of that
1594. yeah i don ' t know i wonder i ' ll see because yeah i maybe when i ' m living with a hippy dippy community it might be the way to go yeah mm but my friend says it ' s no problem and it ' s sort of easy and quick and comfortable yeah yeah there are youtube videos that i haven ' t watched and i think maybe if i watched them that might decide
1599. and then i book an appointment and then it comes and it ' s not hurting er what? it ' s just crap i have no faith in them whatsoever none they ' re most doctors and my friend ' s a nurse i ' ve got a couple of nurse friends now and it ' s a well - known fact that they ' re basically sign - offs for drug companies mm they ' re there to
1601. cricket? are you a fan? yeah? big fan of cricket really? ah yeah cos my a couple of my friends work for the bbc the asian network okay and um one er my best friend ' s brother worked at he got into the asian network um as a broadcast journalist and then he started specializing in sports and he was working for five live oh okay and then he went freelance and he '
1602. and you do a bit of studying at home there ' s no reason why you couldn ' t at least you know mm be there when she was having a class no definitely i ' ve got a friend who works at city university she ' s um tut half spanish half polish and she ' s married to a spaniard oh right um yeah so sh i guess she speak can speak quite a lot of
1603. whole marketing side of it yeah so it ' s really mm kind of prepping them for that and yeah biad is fantastic for you know um vocational type mm training yeah i ' ve got a friend there at the moment she ' s doing a masters in product design management okay yeah cos they all sound like er like er they could be so mm open - ended couldn ' t they but mhm
1604. randomly in a a club we went to um a place called bushwhackers which is open ridiculou have you been? no yeah no but y but i ' ve got a friend who yeah lives opposite where it is yeah and er it opens at two p two a m yeah or something that ' s right um and one of her friends who she works with um yeah runs the vip
1605. how many lessons have you had so far then? i ' ve had five five or six have have you have you drove never before? never no? apart from one wow time when i um a friend of my brother ' s was said oh do you want do you wanna have a go then? and so i had a go and i reversed his car into a tree and er it warped the body of
1606. erm a job for the summer erm to crew on a on a twenty - four foot oh lovely i can ' t remember what it was called erm it was erm it was a friend of my sister ' s and my sister didn ' t want to go with him so i went and erm i had to cook and clean and just like you know help yeah cast off and you know
1607. a few people erm er i ' ve taken the erm er s my partner ' s erm sister and her husband yes and the two children out on it yes i ' ve taken a friend of mine and her two children only youngsters about five and six years old sort of thing yeah they ' ve come out erm and providing they ' re well behaved it ' s fine you know it
1616. me that good quality chocolate doesn ' t go off for ages but if it ' s a low cocoa mass then probably it will i don ' t think it ' ll taste very nice i told my friend about mm you guys keeping your chocolate and he said that he once kept easter chocolate for five years and did he eat it? and then he ate it but how can that possibly if i know chocolate '
1617. this was very very much in the production and manufacturing of jewellery mm hm and silver silver items silver plated items et cetera but engineering tool making um metal working in metal yeah my nan has a friend who lived up and i think she was a midwife or anaesthetist at the hospital actually she recently passed away um but her father was a silversmith and he ' d made her a collection
1618. for cab for a time ah the citizens? as an advisor yeah and uh made a number of friends naturally i could say and one of her friends who we know rang up on friday she had a friend who had some jewellery mm hm that she wanted valuing for sale and she was going to go to bonham ' s mm hm the auctioneers and unfortunately the person who she was going to go to
1620. you ' ll get the difference if you get platinum uh huh p l a t uh huh which is a pure metal okay that ' s very interesting hmm well talking about practical husbands and stuff my best friend pardon me her husband ' s father is a goldsmith um but indian jewellery yes yes and yes he makes amazing amazing pieces oh yes the uh intricate and um yes the uh the the skill mm hm the skills
1621. um remarkable work mm hm remarkable work but of course not all of them are legal yeah they don ' t work legally mm hm and that ' s a big can be a big problem yeah well my friend says that uh cos they lived in and they ' ve just moved house to another house in because their flat had been demolished um redeveloping landscape or something i don ' t know and said
1622. it seema? yeah yes the lady over the road they were robbed oh they had problems yes last year yes yes which was probably that they are targeted there ' s no doubt about it um a friend of mine married a hindu doctor mm hm and um not practising or anything and when at the wedding she wore a sari and what have you and the guests hung jewellery on her that was the
1625. said oh my phone was there where ' s my phone? oh dear so we ' re looking all over we ' re trying her bag and er we ' re trying er erm and then her friend said well well er well perhaps i ' ll see if i ' ve put it in mine no it ' s not you know and she said well it was there and i remember it was there cos
1629. i think there is a size but also you have to have permission from the highways that it ' s not gonna distract people well and things like that cos cos i say that because mm a friend of ours he had a butcher shop and a and a greengrocer ' s down in mm or er along the weren ' t it? mm and er he ha had this cow mm you know
1631. action the solicitor said probably just as well not to er but the well that ' s written you could say well look look that is not in modern writing it ' s a load of rubbish well our friend our friend down the road he said yeah well that ' s just rubbish that is total rubbish disturbance or abnormal behaviour from your direction you haven ' t done anything no no they ' re the ones that are
1632. solicitor said probably just as well not to er but the well that ' s written you could say well look look that is not in modern writing it ' s a load of rubbish well our friend our friend down the road he said yeah well that ' s just rubbish that is total rubbish disturbance or abnormal behaviour from your direction you haven ' t done anything no no they ' re the ones that are doing it
1634. you work full days yeah and we ' re gonna be at different institute so mm it ' s we ' re not gonna see each other in the day no not at all i was saying to my friend some of my friends have asked about our marriage and stuff and like are you actually married and it kind of annoyed me a bit that like apparently in my dad ' s house so ' s yeah the doctor
1639. ll take you three hours to get home if you do it any other way yeah that ' s exactly what was going on for me all that kind of thing i lived in and a fr my best friend lived in and it would take me less time to come up to birmingham than it would to get over to see her yeah yeah it would to get across yeah exactly and it was em i mean back then
1641. mousse? mm? do you want some chocolate mousse when we go out shopping? okay i mean not today but just just so today we need to go we need to get your friend some birthday present as well can you see? yeah it ' s this saturday isn ' t it? the yyeah what i ' m thinking it would cost a lot more money mm what? you
1642. oh that ' s nice the curved windows yeah yeah very nice isn ' t it? don ' t know where that is but someone was telling me no my spanish teacher was telling me she has a friend who lives in the area and one of her tiles fell off yeah and she had an absolute nightmare cos i think she the instead of trying on secretly to try and fix it and contact yeah i think
1644. funny but when they are either arguing against each other or talking utter nonsense it ' s a bit problematic uh for instance last week i was in london um went to kentish town to meet an old friend of mine oh is that where used to live? yeah she said yeah yeah um so we went to this pu i was i always said this didn ' t i? the whole race issue and uh he
1645. email you know whoever and every other week it will be someone else ' s turn they can just choose the film and we ' ll just run it on and watch it brilliant and and you know my friend had this beautiful country house in v just outside of valencia and it was kind of a painted a duck egg blue but very pale pale pale blue em it was beautiful shapes it was like shaped like of the
1646. mm what ' s this? art and literature arse and literature? i said art art and literature or spring hot spring spring okay springu springu springu daffodil i have a friend from norway who spent er a year living in japan mm and actually i have a friend from england who teaches english in japan so there you go and he er i think he quite likes it there that '
1647. art and literature or spring hot spring spring okay springu springu springu daffodil i have a friend from norway who spent er a year living in japan mm and actually i have a friend from england who teaches english in japan so there you go and he er i think he quite likes it there that ' s good what broadway musical is centred around the fictional play he likes as well springtime
1648. mm but em no i was lucky really cos i went over there for a for a holiday with i was saying that i was doing this model flying well they said oh we ' ve got a friend that eh oh flies model aeroplanes oh really? so i ' ll take you to meet him so i went over and had a chat with eh huh and em h he ' d flown full size aero
1649. advice on how seriously ill somebody is and whether he would eh kill them tak taking a short route or let them survive by taking a taking a long round trip oh dear yeah one of mum ' s friend ' s daughters was working in portland bell? yeah she was coordinating the the search and rescue oh was she? oh but unfortunately they ' re going to close down that one are they? yeah but she
1650. ' t it? yes it is yeah yeah gorgeous there is it the solent solent that you have to cross to get there? we went there but em i ' ve got a a a friend connected with the air training corps that ' s got a power boat down there and he pulls my leg he said so how long did it take you to get there? cor i said i could have
1651. wondered if you knew what she was doing no haven ' t actually she ' s teaching in mauritius and they haven ' t been back yet? er no i think he ' s just travelling with a friend my god that ' s quite a big cake isn ' t it? it is have i heard from?? no no it ' s funny cos he w his wife works at ucl she supervise
1652. ? it is sad so was it suicide? yeah but a lot of comics have that they say yeah a lot of comedians have that depression yeah but anyway lebara mobile i should ' ve told my friend about that because apparently you get really you know it says lebara mobile? you get really cheap calls internationally and in the uk oh those card things? yeah oh them? cos he ' s had
1653. cheap in the first place right that was years ago that nokia one? yeah mm but you said you wanted to change it well cos i th yeah i mean i think cos like with my friend from china i like texting in chinese if i have to send thi oh yeah yeah so so like with these things you can yeah and i can ' t do it on nokia yeah you can do
1658. sure yeah yes you know but yeah you work that out yourself when you ' re there don ' t you kind of you ' re like oh yeah i ' ll do it it ' s like my friend from china he knew things like oh ii ' ll treat you st language like that you know what does it mean treat? oh yeah yeah people might only know the noun yeah treat but then you can use
1661. to sort of call them by their first name? as and then whereas perhaps in well but i dunno as you get older you when you get older you it ' s more relaxed i call my friend ' s dad but but that ' s what i mean so we get relaxed as we get older but but in korea or china i don ' t if it ' s hyeongnim it '
1662. cos i ' ve met a lot of americans who who who get lost when they ' re listening to non - american english you know? british english yeah what ' s her name? ' s friend when she came yeah over here she she she found my accent quite difficult to yeah yeah this is it my accent even me she ' s from la? yeah yeah yeah yeah korean it ' s about exposure
1664. computers bbc computers you remember bbc commodores? mm or something like that? yeah yeah the bbc computer anyway and i phoned i didn ' t phone the police i went round and saw a policeman friend of ours mm mm who lives at the back here he lived up the back oh yeah the one you got the sleepers off yeah yeah and told him and someone had pinched everything out the primary school oh
1666. be an effect you know i don ' t want to be impacted but at the moment when it ' s just not just me but when it ' s pretty much confined to me and yeah my lovely friend that happens to support me but it ' s pretty much me who ' s impacted then i ' m always gonna be like oh i ' ll do the intellectual job cos that ' s what i wanna
1668. much saying that to your face yeah he knew that and pretty much telling her that he he wanted to break up with her yeah because she was seeing another person because she was going on holiday with her friend who apparently upset him in july jesus christ get a grip i know like haven ' t even like it ' s li you didn ' t like very much mm but that would never be an issue like yeah
1669. maybe it ' s no no it ' s just the hotel it ' s just the station is it the one by the station yeah like opposite the they were having a live music night and ' s friend is in a band plays bass i think what ' s the band called? oh really? oh i ' ve forgotten and the they were doing half of it and then or whatever somebody else was doing the
1673. you like really saxons vikings normans yep i really wanted to learn about the normans so the german the french and the norwegians i really wanted to learn about them something to do with my my friend used to tell me about their burial stuff and they believed really crazy witch type stuff i suppose they all do well the vikings used to bury you alive in your ship didn ' t they alive? yeah er
1674. with my uncles the only way to have what you wanted was to was to erm was to make it yourself mm the only way to get you had to so in the sixth form and then my friend who was beautiful and just beautiful and erm and her mother had her summer dresses made by a seamstress so she was not only beautiful but she had the most gorgeous shirt dresses you know that were
1675. them in the right position oh right i was two seconds off the all time record for that oh good now this ' ll be interesting i ' ve got to go and se i ' ve got a friend who lives in in erm in he when we we found out when we were at we were talking at at he was in the the ta with me and we were talking aand erm i somehow
1677. all the students to you know churn out success but not actually caring at all about yeah their welfare like you said i mean erm yeah yeah i i ' ve got i told you about my friend that ' s there at the moment doing english called yeah i actually asked if she knew your sister and she does she does? oh wow she says she ' s head of your sister yeah she is yeah
1678. the moment doing english called yeah i actually asked if she knew your sister and she does she does? oh wow she says she ' s head of your sister yeah she is yeah she and so her friend like reinstated it when they were in first year like it wasn ' t a thing like it is now okay like they kind of had they make a a renaissance vamped it up yeah that ' s cool
1680. this has happened like why now? it ' s so scary because you just don ' t know how to go about yeah treating it except with medication obviously if it about your eating disorder cos my friend like she had trouble with it and then it sort of came back and yeah do you feel like yours has ever i feel like like resurfaced? it ' s changed in a way like if
1681. mm like there ' s no point almost you know? like that ' s the way i see it personally like it ' s different for everybody but that ' s for me but yeah how is your friend that ' s? she ' s okay now yeah that ' s good i mean this is the one that ' s good that ' s having other issues at the moment but okay yeah no like the eating
1682. s just it ' s horrible to watch like from the outside no def did you see her when she was ill then? mm and then all throughout it all? i remember seeing my sister and her friend had it too like it ' s just your sister? mm really? yeah for a time it wasn ' t as bad as like oh that ' s really sad as what it could have been because like
1683. yeah yeah because i dunno i feel like i know her enough to know that yeah yeah i don ' t know but no she went to the doctor ' s and got it sorted thankfully but her friend was worse oh really? mm was her friend ill at the same time? er no before no that ' s horrible like the fact that her friend was like that and then was like that mm no her
1686. worse oh really? mm was her friend ill at the same time? er no before no that ' s horrible like the fact that her friend was like that and then was like that mm no her friend had to go into like a clinic for ages really? mm oh my god which was annoying cos in there are no clinics so she had to go to i think it was or somewhere in anyway oh
1689. ll just have to look i don ' t liked getting wood you like wood everyone likes wood you can ' t not like wood you i like to you ' re programmed to like it mm but my friend has just had a new balustrade fitted and it ' s pine and er i just sort of stroked it because it ' s got a lot of knots in she ' s going to have it painted
1690. always get the window seat and i take an ipod with me stick the earphones goodnight to the world you can i normally put a jacket over my face or something so nobody can touch me well a friend recommended that i take a piece of string and just sit there with a piece of string hang hanging out of one half and just sit there looking like i ' m crazy and then no - one would want
1691. know little few cheap hotels in the area and they could just come and stay with me for a bit and i might be going to nice at some point in the future i ' ve got a a friend well i was friends with a family a russian family when i was living in barcelona i was teaching them english yeah? and erm they were from uzbekistan and they ' d moved away from russia because they
1693. ' s a lot of orange beer now around ah he was i think one of the first ones to start that off orange beer? yeah they do orange beer erm and what they do is our friend wants to dri to make some beer i told him to make green tea beer i think that would be wicked and that caffeine kick do you like that green tea? do you? oh you
1694. decided well no you see and he ' s in the pub every night yeah but you see was a director yeah yeah and his dish cloth he wouldn ' t use for a floor cloth and when my friend peter went to do something to the cooker or over the cooker he went like that and came away and his tie was stuck to the cooker it was so dirty in his house urgh so
1696. t live with every day have i haven ' t seen you since i ' ve been to me and there ' s so moved ' s been moved she went back to australia for three weeks for her friend ' s wedding mm erm two weeks ago or no just under t just under two weeks ago mm and then so the weekend beforehand because it was her birthday on the seventh of october and she went obviously
1697. was about the royal baby and i was like a few days ago yeah today today but i was like is it amazing? it ' s not amazing most people have babies you know my brother ' s friend she posted like shared a link to the huffington post and it was like woman has baby woman is expecting baby laughs funny yeah yeah its erm yeah i don ' t know i the thing is they '
1700. ##ma and you ' re not supposed to scratch it so stop fucking scratching it or it ' s just gonna get worse it ' s like no i don ' t really want to i just yeah her friend when we were in france she had got really bad eczema in her arms we were stood k like scratching it and it her arms were bleeding i was like sat trying to like stop fucking scratching it
1701. you were like shit legged it i actually shit myself as well though at her house did you? yeah i just shit myself how did you how did you shit yourself? cos we went to her friend ' s i went n doesn ' t matter oh shit sorry i ' m so sorry i don ' t matter erm it ' s alright erm we went with friends the day before and you know
1707. i was just i ' m going to sleep tonight will you sponsor me? a sponsored group sleep on the school floor oh no i couldn ' t stand that yeah i know and then go to a friend ' s house for the day that ' s not a sponsor either i think by the time she ' ll get they ' ll she gets back tonight she ' ll be shattered yeah the sale the guy who
1709. yeah and as a complete joke he was li he was like oh do you mean in? and i was like oh i was thinking but works and he was like okay i ' ll just give my friend a call and he literally said it like so matter of factly he said something about the un as well and i was just like why why the fuck did you not tell me about this sooner? co
1712. used to take as much as they could out of it they used to fleece it didn ' t they? they ' d never replace machinery no never do any modernisation and stuff no when my friend used to work down the the down yeah their lathes and all their machinery were all victorian belt dry yeah they were yeah i ' ve got a feeling that in this there ' s some belt dry machinery
1714. erm it ' s not like if you ' re warming up to exercise and you slowly slowly build up it ' s all or nothing and it just knocks you a bit sideways yeah i have a friend in northern ireland who gives herself asthma attacks by laughing too much yeah and like you she ' s one of life ' s gigglers oh god another you know and i ' ve never spoken to a doctor
1715. told you about before yep erm i ' ve watched season one of the trip with rob brydon and steve coogan oh yes yeah which i ' d seen bits of pieces of and my friend recommended it and said i ' ve just finished it and it ' s really really funny and it ' s just really nice to watch it ' s easy and the comedy is there and in some times it
1716. gratuitous death er yeah er yeah i i see it i see your point erm i like silent witness oh yes yeah silent witness is back on iplayer or witless silence as my friend calls it cos he they ' re when it began it had amanda burton in the lead role uhu that irish woman and french and saunders did a great parody of her just sitting in her car without
1717. bloody robot wars with craig charles mm hm and then sunday traditions was a roast with masterchef you know the old masterchef with that man no i never really got into that i had a friend who called it mastershout uhu you know i think it was that stroppy aggressive male character that i just switch off at i just think grow up and learn some manners yeah yeah this is
1718. oh man i just god yeah movie night i could bloody talk about this film for ever and ever and ever ah i can ' t believe it had passed me by until a few months ago and a friend it and we watched it yeah and i just thought what a magnificent feel good film it was just great yeah yeah i didn ' t know i didn ' t hear anything about it i think i just it
1719. fifteen sixteen and there were two other girls from my school at this youth group oh that ' s nice yeah they both turned out straight or mostly straight but yeah mm hm actually one of them is the friend who ' s moving with her partner to rotterdam ah ha nice oh that ' s nice that you ' re still in touch yeah and the other one i ' m still in touch with on facebook mm hm
1720. should stay till six or seven or eight or nine to demonstrate some kind of dedication to the role well fuck that really and i i really it really brought home to me i ' ve got a german friend who runs an ashfelt business and he must be worth millions he ' s got an extraordinary successful company he runs out of berlin and dusseldorf erm does a lot of work in china et cetera et
1721. et cetera et cetera blah blah blah he works fewer than forty hours a week yeah good for him and i think that ' s great and i think no it wasn ' t him another german friend first said to me if you can ' t do your work in eight hours you ' re not sufficiently efficient mm hm hallelujah yeah that ' s a good point yeah but the northern europeans seem to
1722. fears getting rejected i mean yeah a a simple example what last time i went round i went out with all lads it were ' s house warming party like it were the night before i came to your friend ' s actually mm and er we went out and we went to this bar the bar and erm we were there till like half one in the morning and like are we actually gonna leave yet? we
1730. wouldn ' t say yeah aggressive when you ' re drunk yeah i do yeah i ' ve stopped taking it personal personally cos it ' s like that night out that we went with and your new friend when you said you wanted to go home i knew that you wouldn ' t take it bad that i said that and no matter what bad things you say to me i knew that you wouldn ' t no
1734. it ' s when i realised i was like i i need to i need to stick up cos i was like i i love her so much and i can ' t even stick up for my friend who is in need of it and that ' s when i really realised that there was a problem and i tried to make a difference like that and you did though that meeting that you had you made a
1752. more poorly treated i don ' t think pancreatic ' s as common is it? it ' s not no it ' s got a very low survival rate yeah mm that ' s what my friend who shaved her head was raising money for pancreatic cancer? yeah i think her grandad had died from it so she was raising money for it the thing is you can ' t survive without your
1753. easy and you ' ve just got listen to it yeah so we ' ll be at wetherby in in about ten minutes get some food are we going to have lunch? yeah ah good my friend has a record player it ' s a very way of listening to music yes not very efficient yeah exactly kind of a bit pretty and a little bit silly and old fashioned but having said that he has got
1754. so? yeah mm we ' ve had about four practices oh i ' ll have to listen it again tonight and also i ' ve had one hundred and three oh by the way before i forget my friend is probably popping over this evening just before goes to brownies so if she ends up being here while is at brownies that means you can play on minecraft mm hm if it ' s working oh
1756. we ' re looking for people she s and if you ' ve got the experience she says we ' re desperate for lead invigilators i said okay fine and then i was talking to my friend over at hey imagine her and rocking up at the same time twenty twtwenty quid an hour for them two snoozing in the back i was no i was i was erm
1757. twenty twtwenty quid an hour for them two snoozing in the back i was no i was i was erm i was with erm talking to erm er another friend of mine who works in a school over in in erm yeah we ' re looking for invigilators mum you can ' t earn more than ten and a ha er ten thousand six hundred pounds
1758. in france? she ' s gotta at least how does she know she for how how did they just make up the signature? or did they have his signature and copy it? no no no a friend of hers just signed up for her you know? er but the but that he he gets it and it isn ' t his signature? i know that ' s what they ' re saying god how fucking
1759. a bit better is going on his first road trip today where ' s he going? they ' re going to kent are they? yeah have they got family down there? to see er ' s friend lives down there oh right so they ' re going down there erm so yeah she ' s er looking forward to that a bit apprehensive on how he ' ll be is she is she
1760. ? mm do you want it? yeah what does that mean? mm i don ' t really know what does that mean? i think i ' ll just have my fingers instead so where does your friend live who we met with the twins is she in? i think so yeah i don ' t know her that well erm she just did the course with you? yeah she did the course she didn
1761. that ' s too small? yeah it ' s not three months stuff it ' s all over there you have got so much stuff here oh i know what i meant to ask you you know your friend erm who went skiing? yes how did she get on with erm baby seats car seats or anything did you ask her? ah well on the way there mm she told us about it on the
1762. s chip - resistant because it ' s gel and polish and it ' s cured under uv light oh okay so it ' s dif is it er? oh i was so excited huh so my friend yeah erm had put it on facebook and she was like oh i ' m selling it and she had like like erm the everything that goes with it yeah and she ' d got the shellac
1763. varnish last week as well oh yeah yeah i don ' t think i ' ve bought a new nail oh gave me a load of nails and nail varnishes actually did she? yeah her friend do you know? she works for a er her sister ' s a m was a model years ago yeah i know that name wow erm she works for and she ' s a buyer in the beauty
1764. girls oh really cos normally they ' re about twenty quid yeah yeah oh wow so let ' s have a look so what were you? well i ' m going with my pushy canadian friend to so i ' m hoping that she ' ll just help me get some free samples fantastic course she will so serum serum face see she ' s a big er face oil and she erm she '
1765. a bit battered now oh okay it is a good bag but it ' s a bit battered yeah i nee so you need to go to and get one yeah yeah no i don ' t like my friend works there i don ' t are there any? just i ' ve bought two bags there and they ' ve all broken within a week oh really? so ev er every even when they have a sale
1778. right? and i ' m like how many people come to dinner? and she ' s like the last time we had like four and they like make enough for twenty and then i was meeting my friend there and we ' d had a couple and i was like we ' ll stay for dinner you know? yeah when was this? so it wasn ' t totally all about stitching up small businesses that
1781. ##uits are you alright? yeah what ' s up? i ' m in some pain but i don ' t really know why mm what are you doing at the gym? erm i my friend well you know? erm she had a guest pass she ' s a mem well was a member at erm the virgin fitne like you know the what do they call it? er virgin
1782. to for a stag weekend mm yeah oh yeah you got bitten on your hand and we had to get your wewedding ring off quick didn ' t we? i went i went up a friend of mine he was getting married and we went and we did paintballing and go - karting and quad biking and everything mm bouche bouche yes that ' s the tree before they chopped it
1789. but and also looked up online and there was only there ' s four flats four yeah red bus transport bus will? transport ah it isn ' t yeah people hire them for weddings now yeah er a friend of a friend i know i said who lives in she was texting some pictures on one recently at her friend ' s wedding having a themed wedding ah i suppose i don ' t know how people end
1790. looked up online and there was only there ' s four flats four yeah red bus transport bus will? transport ah it isn ' t yeah people hire them for weddings now yeah er a friend of a friend i know i said who lives in she was texting some pictures on one recently at her friend ' s wedding having a themed wedding ah i suppose i don ' t know how people end up spending thousands
1791. ? transport ah it isn ' t yeah people hire them for weddings now yeah er a friend of a friend i know i said who lives in she was texting some pictures on one recently at her friend ' s wedding having a themed wedding ah i suppose i don ' t know how people end up spending thousands of pounds on their weddings mm it ' s ridiculous really crazy but yeah looked up online and it
1792. of business yeah they would get a lot of business people can ' t and er you know it ' s such a hassle s another another girl she ' s erm she ' s using her friend ' s chinese id card but her credit card on an account but you can ' t mm that means that that person can ' t have an account as well but they have to accept that they won '
1793. out to be the case but yeah lives and works in london erm he has done for a number of years so yes and that ' s my my grandmother there yeah yes and that was her great friend so your mo your mother looks like her mother doesn ' t she? yeah yeah yes but i suppose there must be some resemblance to i would imagine i can ' t see it can ' t see it
1794. nev well i i think i met him i wasn ' t entirely sure i might have met him once erm granny took me down to erm when i was about nineteen and to see a friend of hers and it it might have been that we stopped off to see yes yeah but that ' s a very hazy memory for me it ' s not something that i really recall very well so yes yes
1795. much you know the links with with wales became yes really severed yes well yeah quite sort of loose really yes yes and the only person i think that she really really missed a great deal was her great friend who lived in and you know was her great great friend yes yes erm and we would have make treks down to to see and would trek all the way up to to see granny you know on
1802. little space so what you gotta do before you go to personal training? just all my washing that i just wanna do before i go to essex tomorrow what are you going to essex for? my best friend lives there oh right okay so cos i work the weekend if i work a weekend i get monday tuesday wednesday off so erm yeah i ' m going down there for the next couple of days oh
1803. six a twenty - four hour shift? six till six saturday then six till six sunday oh okay yeah a twelve hour break in between blimey did you come back to? i stayed with a friend in leicester actually that ' s a better idea yeah are you bbc one as well? yeah yeah so yeah the i ' m sure i might have met you maybe i think i have were you erm
1804. in the house? pardon? were they the only two in the house? yes yeah come on but whenever they came round said she made the spare room look like i mean me i ' m another friend of hers erm hers and we both said your parents aren ' t stupid they ' ll know not some parents i don ' t i don ' t think they ' re gonna be that surprised when you
1805. i haven ' t to a juicer well some f but er what which fruit have you got? oh you name it we ' re got it cos erm ' s been er her best friend ' s husband ' s in hospital you know like had this cyst taken out on an arm here yeah and he had one taken out of his back the other day and she ' s been getting up
1806. know like had this cyst taken out on an arm here yeah and he had one taken out of his back the other day and she ' s been getting up early in the morning and taking her friend to the hospital okay er organising food and she ' s been looking after them and er she ' s been up looking after her own family oh but erm oh yeah so but and they ' ve given
1807. or twelve and my mother a couple of years later oh my god erm and at that time women were not allowed to buy or get a mortgage in their own name so my mother ' s best friend husband mm who was a sort of jack of all trades you know a master plasterer and that kind of erm he put his name to the mortgage as a co - signee and the arrangement was
1808. me one day and said do you want to sell your house? what? no why should i do that? you know they said oh you know think about it anyway by that time an old school friend of mine who was er working in woolworths as a a a trainee store manager erm he er was working with this other guy called roger who had this big handlebar moustache i mean
1810. photograph on the hoop of when of your face yeah selfie mum what with one hand? selfie that would be impressive wouldn ' t it? ah ouch let me think but i got my friend to do it because it ' s useful to see what you get up to so this is that is the picture of it there oh that looks painful it ' s not painful it ' s just dangerous co
1811. some they make it ' s nice at the time yes do you know what though? the best marshmallows i ' ve ever had were these amazing raspberry flavoured ones that my friend made when he left erm the bookshop to go to university so yeah it was good got the bunny ones and the duck ones sorry? we ' ve got bunny ones and duck ones oh for your
1812. actually keeping the boat going stuff but i like being in boats you did some sailing didn ' t you? not really no i te my sailing no was a that idea was aborted really i my friend her she grew up sailing gr a good deal where did she grow up? um well in well they used to sail on holiday they used to go go to abersoch area in wales okay um her
1813. like i love all crime shows and police mm and ev sorry i didn ' t mean to hit you no okay i like everything it ' s so good yeah well er you know ' s yeah school friend? she ' s doing erm criminal minds at er university mm yeah yeah i think i would probably do and the criminal mind yeah i started watching a thing about murderers and like if they have if they
1814. the machines but the machine was broken the other day the machine was broken? yeah i didn ' t i wasn ' t going in i went and withdrawed some money cos i was seeing my friend in costa but i saw the machine was broken and i was like cos the manager was fixing it and it was all on the floor i was like well that ' s that ' s the issue yeah
1815. one and i was like ah and you had to pay for that pain you imagine them putting that on yeah to the oh and and the skin rip off instead? that ' s what happened to my friend she took her yeah ah no she literally did the person left it on for so long and they peeled it off and it was all flesh and oh no er all along here you could like see her actual
1816. it on me and be like ah pay you back you should say thank you to your sister yeah she now uses it against people good idea i do it at school i only learnt it cos my friend did it with her fake nails on which killed oh there there is a one where you can drop a person straight away show you that one oh dear actually got behind them kick someone kicked by like kneed
1828. ##ties houses are very nice the thirties houses are the typical semi detached like you get all all on that mm i think they ' re okay oh no i can ' t bear that one my my french friend says you know? with the with the round erm doors porches uh i can ' t bear it mm she says it looks like a downturned mouth and she thinks they ' re really sad
1832. mental the driving was terrifying just so terrifying yeah as in i ' ve never been so scared for my car people just um driving about you see i er er partially learnt to drive in luton because my friend the instructor um he used to be in ambulances in luton and er an interesting fact for you um throughout the entire united kingdom and this includes the met well not the met the london precincts um s
1833. do at christmas that was a good night in all fairness would anyone like any stuffing? oh but which which goes where? oh right this is important the black bin is normal recycling okay we had a friend over new year who really couldn ' t get her head round this we kept finding bits of bread in the recycling god that was annoying so annoying god she ' s annoying but she ' s very sweet i
1834. is kinda weird is a little corner which doesn ' t really relate to publishing very much so i thought it might actually be more useful to go and talk to some people in publishing so my f my friend who used to be my boss now works in adaptations so she ' s gonna show you what she does and classics the editor an editor from classics is gonna show you what she does and what am i doing
1835. students the pair of you yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum just practicing for university you might h live here for when you go to university my friend hello who is at university is very sad he ' s not enjoying it at all mm why not? i just don ' t think he like likes so many of the people really why doesn ' t he
1836. so much at least if you ' re listening to it so much yeah it ' s funny there was a girl from new zealand in my er flat first year or as she called herself and and my friend genuinely thought she was called yeah oh i get it yeah yeah he was like this is and i was like oh no i was like no her name ' s and he was like no it ' s and
1837. a crutch like a proper crutch for her so yeah but i don ' t know about other people oh yeah i remember like going out with this person who had like cigarettes and her friend like had tried one for the first time and it was something cos she like thought she was like addicted after she had it and she was like asking people for more she was like running around going like
1841. ' ve got like a laptop and that ' s about it yeah m with a laptop it ' d be more the work that was on it like yeah that ' d be the bad thing yeah my friend at who you know has like become a teacher? mm well her brother erm is a medical student mm and erm he his student like when he lived with all medics students and they ththa
1843. when she came back er the problem was that her her mum had just decided that she ' s not gonna do anything to help her yeah really yeah i mean it was awful for mm mm yeah this friend of ours in particular to see it to see it yeah mm yeah and and well we knew her when she was supposed to be bad and we were at village hall to a dance yeah right? and the
1844. in fact i i did a tape the other day about gynaecological cancer i wonder if it ' s use whether it ' s used erm a lot mm i did a tape with a friend the other day about gynaecological cancers so they ' ve probably got a lot of language there that they didn ' t anticipate getting that ' s that ' s latin though isn ' t
1845. know they were putting all these pictures of themselves on instagram and stuff and erm their the consultants who weren ' t striking had ordered them like loads of takeaway pizza and stuff ah so my friend was like weighed down with like twenty pizzas you know it was just sort of that ' s sweet yeah it was good sspirit around it mm but i read something the other day that oh no
1846. ' m not jealous of the sort of opportunity to move so much but er mm it ' s nice i think to each their own you know i think some people er i was talking to my holland friend about this she ' s very much a home body mm mm and she ' s a home maker and she ' s been put sending me whatsapp pictures of she ' s bought a new sofa and
1847. ' s home but it ' s never felt kind of precarious to me in the way that people talk about it yeah but it increasingly does like that ' s so depressing and when my friend went up last year and that and he got into a rented house was saying like i stay here for a long time cos yeah it ' s run er you know it ' s managed by a letting
1848. probably quite up for that erm or anywhere else just anywhere else manche i would love to go to manchester or glasgow yeah er so no it ' s not and then yeah er i know this friend who once move up to manchester they bought a house oh yeah? and it ' s like erm it ' s like a family home it ' s like a three bed they ' re a couple and
1849. cheese er something surprise? yeah the surprise is the blue cheese pumpkin well it ' s i and potato not much of a surprise erm erm oh oh these crisps are nice oh still my friend ' s rubbish at can ' t eat crisps now i actually feel i ' ll suck them er what? don ' t cross your legs like that you ' re listen i get bossed about i
1850. also have lectures on a saturday yes well it depends on your course it definitely seems a bit definitely like so like scientists who do proper work had to come in on a saturday do some lab work my friend my friend that worked there that did history said that she was having to write one essay every week yeah whereas i think i was writing maybe three a term yeah yeah three a semester was the standard no that
1851. lectures on a saturday yes well it depends on your course it definitely seems a bit definitely like so like scientists who do proper work had to come in on a saturday do some lab work my friend my friend that worked there that did history said that she was having to write one essay every week yeah whereas i think i was writing maybe three a term yeah yeah three a semester was the standard no that ' s
1852. and i ' m sure you ' ll be fine you can do that apple apple or vinegar and baking soda course you can brush your teeth with turmeric i ' m sure would be great our friend did it for a year she only lasted a year and turmeric ' s good for your skin been wearing your turmeric masks yeah make a turmeric mask it gives you a ginger beard
1853. ' s been a drastic rise no no that ' s always it ' s just always been there yeah it ' s just another alternative thing do you remember when? is it new? we had a friend that worked a like a coffee shop or something he got sacked cos he gave an old sandwich away to a tramp or something mm yeah but their sandwich was out of date i mean the ridiculous thing
1854. s not that she ' s not smart enough it ' s just no i ' m sure she ' ll be alright wherever she goes i think she ' ll realise though because she ' s got a friend that ' s like oh are you going to go to or something? wow she ' s texting at ten? she ' s on a contract communicate with him separate okay so i was using ' s
1855. well at the end there was still exists yeah the last few years yeah was living er just off station road wasn ' t he? mm oh god produced there ' s definitely a lot of people our friend who lives in when we first decided we were coming here we were like oh it ' ll be fine we ' ll stay with for a couple of weeks while we look for somewhere to rent his baby is
1856. kind of thing it ' s not too much further yeah but erm he was he ' s worried my dad ' s here was a nice distance from friends and family and also we had a good friend here that when we ' re looking for flats he could help us out we could stay with him that kind of stuff no his baby was due yesterday so he erm he ' s gone man down man
1857. for dinner and everything like yeah yeah that ' s the guy was that the guy? yeah she had another weird one in in between him and the current guy sometimes you hit it lucky yeah yeah our friend turkish cypriot girl she erm she met some guy on the internet and now she ' s been living on his boat in off the coast of turkey for like months sounds brilliant i ' m gonna get online
1858. sail? no you went so you might need a man with a boat then? i would i would i would learn to sail very quickly if i had a boat this is pretty impressive we have a friend that we met in erm korea who was from somewhere in the states i can ' t remember where though him and his two brothers san francisco did up this boat bought a crappy boat did it up
1859. in to fantasy like fifteen books no no no too much if that ' s what you wanna call it no i ' m not either no i ' m not we ' re not either yeah but my friend recommended this so i downloaded and it ' s like fifteen thousand word books each one and apparently they ' re thinking about making that into a tv series words thousand page books not thousand word pages yeah thousand page
1860. ##inian isn ' t it? that ' s argentinian no but chilean red so sorry yeah chilean red is okay erm south african wine is surprising me at the moment is good yeah it does our friend so that seems like it ' s getting better my our friend loves it she swears by her sou but then she swears by georgian wine as well so i didn ' t know georgia was particularly
1861. but chilean red so sorry yeah chilean red is okay erm south african wine is surprising me at the moment is good yeah it does our friend so that seems like it ' s getting better my our friend loves it she swears by her sou but then she swears by georgian wine as well so i didn ' t know georgia was particularly famous for making wine georgia in the states? no georgia as
1862. like those little gold tipped thing that had strawberry essence or something yeah yeah yeah they ' re all flavoured flavoured did it taste like chemicals to you? cos when we tried one of our friend ' s in korea yeah i i was just like swallowed perfume there ' s something about the sensation of actually smoking smoking and again from a rollie you don ' t get from a cigarette yeah definitely is
1863. t think they fully know because i mean you can find like i ' ve heard you can find like cannabis in people ' s hair for like years afterwards that doesn ' t really change we have a friend who er his father ' s er i mean he ' s american his father ' s american it ' s actually a part of his job description they ' re not allowed to be smokers because of health
1865. lemonade itself and thought she ' d got a family of ice in her wardrobe did it want to explode in her wardrobe? must have done it really made me laugh that ' s funny and her friend wrote alcohol dot dot dot because no good stories start with eating salad forget how much pleasure i get out of facebook stalking mm hm pretty sure that ' s what it was invented for so that ' s fine
1866. to brave the m twenty - five but i ' m not sure i think it ' s i think it ' s the side what ' s the whole plan? the whole plan is going to my friend ' s house which involves meeting her mum which is quite nice cos i ' ve never met her cos she ' s this is the friend that i stayed with when i was in sydney but only
1867. whole plan? the whole plan is going to my friend ' s house which involves meeting her mum which is quite nice cos i ' ve never met her cos she ' s this is the friend that i stayed with when i was in sydney but only know her through my friend sophie who is getting married married she and went to university together in that place beginning with w that one in in the place
1868. meeting her mum which is quite nice cos i ' ve never met her cos she ' s this is the friend that i stayed with when i was in sydney but only know her through my friend sophie who is getting married married she and went to university together in that place beginning with w that one in in the place with the forest right the? the? that ' s not what it ' s
1871. don ' t they? yeah well the i was thinking that i was like i can ' t be too angry cos i remember when i was living out there and i remember looking back at my friend at home who were in bed for ten and thinking what the hell are you doing? and i remember how far away it was from even though it had always been my lifestyle yeah sure but the thing is
1875. ##aturday morning oh nice where are you having that? in uhu it ' s like well i ' d go home that ' s cool yeah i ' ve got my mum and her best friend coming here for afternoon tea it ' ll be nice oh yeah and then it ' s a nice barbeque the next day and yeah that ' s cool then it ' s the bank holiday weekend then
1877. said i ' m done for i can ' t do anything about it no i mean just before your computer broke what have you been doing today? erm i ' ve just been talking to my friend really playing left 4 dead with did they enjoy their sleepover? mm cos er wasn ' t going round ' s today? wasn ' t going round ' s the girls slept in sleeping bags in
1878. a lovely lovely house but it ' s just that little bit too small yeah and we kind of knew that when we moved in but em we wanted to cos it ' s next door to some friend ' s em and it it ' s a lovely house and i love it and it ' s been really nice yeah em but they ' re kinda moving they ' re only moving around the corner and we
1879. she loved working over here because em when she takes the money back over it basically doubles its value wow em so em you can ' t argue with that yeah definitely so eh that ' s incredible my friend lives in australia and she says similar stuff about that really the prices for like if you ' re buying foods and things is about the same yeah but houses are actually a lot cheaper out there apparently so i
1881. ##ccy stuff now or while we ' re waiting for the thingy to buzz? i do no yeah we might as well yeah yeah we ' re erm we ' re going to like our friend ' s party tonight like it ' s not a party party it ' s like a gathering er yeah a gathering it ' s like erm his house was in a magazine oh really? erm co
1883. us about the cake thing? no my boss and a cake basically we did a macmillan day where we baked a cake and then we take them in do you know how much you made? yeah my friend brought a cake that her mum made cos her mum ' s like a kind of a professional cake maker yeah brought it in and she was saying yeah my mum made it made a cake for herself and
1884. in to the office and you don ' t hear from her all day you know where is she? she sounds dodgy as yeah that sounds so it ' s weird cos erm and our friend she worked at for a bit and then she she comes from and she managed to get another job like around the corner from here so she ' s living round here and erm at her work there '
1885. here and erm at her work there ' s someone who does that as well like her er where she ' s living this girl at work erm she ' s living with a lady that her friend used to live with when she was sort of like temping round here yeah and like she the person that the girl was saying that had told her a story erm i was going to it '
1887. like and she ' s like it ' s like what ' s her name? er she seems but it ' s like no one else can drop out now for it yeah i don i like our friend at work she was like oh i haven ' t read the news feed and i ' m like why don ' t you fucking read the news feed? grr oh that ' s so annoying you need
1890. him i just thought he sounded cool erm yeah and i saw you ' ve been reading mendelsohn ' s translations new translations you need to go to america and you need to meet my friend i think you have met him briefly and you need to get him to introduce you to daniel mendelsohn erm so then that ' s the thing so if i did a philosophy paper i would
1891. yeah you told me yeah but remind me princeton and sou south california? university of south california oh really? that would be a laugh princeton you ' d have to live in new york yeah my friend is just going off to take up a job at the history department at princeton university and i ' ve got lunch with her on monday and she ' s got a flat in at new jersey? in no
1892. a fantastic year and it ' s quite odd isn ' t it because he ' s finished the whole first year at university and he ' s still only eighteen yeah and he ' s with like his friend is twenty looking at her i mean being twenty - one quite soon she took a year off and is has an autumn birthday but they ' re er at the same in the same year at university that '
1893. put herbs mm i did that with a parsley once with cod once where i did parsley butter mm yeah in a bag yeah in a butter thing put it in the yeah tin foil and my friend the other night came and she was saying that she somebody gave her the idea of erm like garlic and ginger and that things that you ' d normally put u to cook in and blitz loads in your
1897. ##m just because of throttle control and balance and i think it ' ll make me a better rider yeah longer term if i yeah yeah go a bit steady yeah and then learn how to do it my friend ' s just done she just did hers recently mm she for the last sort of two years she did her cbt and then she got a little bike and then she was riding that and then she '
1899. m going to madrid as well the week before with work mm for a little meeting that ' s nice exciting oh and then i can ' t remember oh i ' m doing a dinner party and my friend is coming up mm mexican dinner party got my er sombrero and my inflatable cactus on order yeah we did that for someone ' s fiftieth once they were they decided to do
1901. a while so i just think next time there ' s a gang of people going out i ' ll say hey there ' s a group of us meeting if you wanna come down and bring your lady friend she lives on does she? yeah shall i give her a lift from er to to? yeah i ' ll pick her up on the way home from work who oh i don ' t know i had
1902. pictures up of the little dog and er it ' s just very sweet my dad keeps doing things like that so travelling with her somewhere so mm it is nice they went to skye to see ' s friend yeah and he stayed camped nearby so that erm mm so that she can well it ' s nice cos it it ' s precious times you get when when you do things like that isn ' t
1903. so your vocabulary is exponential er it grows as i go along mm mm exponential grows so there you go i ' m not an idiot you ' re talking about fucking basic words like to be fair my friend she did the erm er international baccalaureate so she did it ' s like the hardest thing ever it ' s like a levels but you do nine so she didn ' t she did nine subjects at a
1904. id then i ' m twenty - two you ' re twenty - one like you can ' t look at someone and say ah you ' re this age i know girls like do you know my best friend from uni? that french one there you go and then if you go on her thing oh like look there that ' s him is it? that ' ll be her dad it looks like her dad
1905. there are other people who say well that ' s not good because then they ' ll think you ' re never gonna come or they ' ll think of sleep as not a nice thing mm yeah my friend ' s still having awful problems with her eighteen month year old dau eighteen month year old i said that last time didn ' t i? eighteen - month - old daughter and she ' s trying she
1906. to him i ' d get really angry i think so have you ever had any problems out in public breastfeeding? i know that i haven ' t but my dad said he was with his friend who said to dad to tell the lady to g to not feed there and to take the baby into the toilet rea in the toilet? mm how was how did that go down? no my dad
1908. there about three erm no no no i was gonna go up there for about three no that ' s right that ' s what told me yeah she said to me that they had is a mm friend of mine they had been up there and they had not expected to have quite the same amount of people like you know like you mm it was kind of like four hundred five hundred people hello? okay love
1910. like you know he ' s got a dog oh but one of them ' s just died er so she won ' t be coming with us this year cos they go every year and then my friend was like oh but and then the man was like but only she will kind of be coming with us because the ashes we ' re taking the ashes with us fuck some people are strange aren ' t they
1911. suppose it ' s alright if there ' s lots of people going but mm well yeah you don ' t need it for a couple of us something big like that those kind of places email to a friend so there ' s the beach and that this is the park views over the what? where? estuary a bus stop fish and chips it doesn ' t tell you which is ours though cricket pitch or where
1912. make remover thing you are literally a panda em it ' s hurting my face quite a lot now em i got some red or dead shoes i thought i was so cool ooh i bet my friend got some red or dead shoes from a charity shop yeah? yeah you know they did some rainbow eh stilettos oh yeah i remember that jesus yeah she got them in a charity shop in the box
1913. trying to manage a team of ten just sat there shh just keep it down you got a question? you ' re gonna have to shout it cos i ' m not moving and then my friend k used to start at ten and it was a running joke she ' d turn up and i ' d be sat there my clothes from the night before there ' s like three thousand people do you know
1914. on bank holiday mm they ' d let us leave our stuff in their cupboards and lock it for us really? yeah and then let us put our heels in there the next day in fact my friend was once she was my accomplice she was once so pissed i got to before her cos i ' d gone back to this guy ' s house and she ' d gone back to her boyfriend
1918. searching for a long time i think you need a drink go to this pub and buy this particular drink so i was like oh what ' s there what ' s waiting there for me? so my friend and i went to this particular pub but unfortunately it had closed down the day before oh no cos it was open the night before cos i saw it and there was just a big sign on the
1919. funny because i left mm and now she ' s helping me again just such a nice person yeah yeah well it ' s good but like the nice people mm it ' s corporate companies though and my friend that i was talking to when i go to yeah she said when i described it to her she said that ' s how it was at oh yeah? cos cos she used to work in yeah
1920. keeping good people no like it ' s not it it ' s not structured that way because they ' re not they don ' t run morally they run regarding numbers and i was saying though to my friend that like i i don ' t believe that you can have it both ways if you ' ve got targets i don ' t believe that you have to be a strict manager and to achieve those targets no
1923. you ' ve supported yourself for three years so if you ' ve worked for three years you don ' t have to tell them you live at your parents ' you can just say you live with your friend or something just their address and then you can pay the full whack that ' s how i got round it right cos a lot of like has it by the month doesn ' t she?
1924. t know it ' s only one year a law conversion isn ' t it? yeah yeah it is cos they ' re all seven modules in that year i think yeah yeah fuck that mm my friend didn ' t get in to do it ' s amazing what you can do though she was meant to do philosophy at bristol and she got like b c c so she ' s been offered a place to
1925. it? it i think no it was two thousand and twelve you were gonna come down wasn ' t it? yes easter yeah no i went to new york that easter i think mm yeah yeah my friend was living in the city she ' s moved out now but erm my friend and i we went over er it ' s just an old friend from france we got back in touch when got married oh
1926. down wasn ' t it? yes easter yeah no i went to new york that easter i think mm yeah yeah my friend was living in the city she ' s moved out now but erm my friend and i we went over er it ' s just an old friend from france we got back in touch when got married oh and she invited us over and i thought oh gosh a long way for a
1927. new york that easter i think mm yeah yeah my friend was living in the city she ' s moved out now but erm my friend and i we went over er it ' s just an old friend from france we got back in touch when got married oh and she invited us over and i thought oh gosh a long way for a weekend you know mm but then this was like oh well i '
1928. yeah yeah what am i doing? yeah yeah yeah i was see that ' s funny i i went skiing in france erm actually oddly enough from the wedding another er a fourth girl she was a friend of ours in france she got back in touch couldn ' t make it to the wedding but anyway she got in touch and she said well why don ' t you come over at new year? so i
1929. a little bit and we ' d done well it was the other day not quite up to our knees in mud but mm you forget don ' t you and you ' re sinking in well and my friend ' s got into it as well you know i tend to wear my hiking boots if i ' m going mm anywhere where i might want to wear them you know what i mean? mm because it '
1930. erm and if you ' re doing the driving i can just put them on to go yeah i don ' t need to take them to change into mm they ' re quite comfortable i got my friend into it as well the one who had the breast cancer mm cos she ' s always out with the dog and i think i texted her and i said erm oh i ' m out looking for
1931. got lots of bricks oh okay and i thought that ' s actually a fairly straightforward thing to do and make yourself one but i need this is some one of the things on my list for for my friend to do he ' s a big bloke to to move the compost bin which i can ' t move so that i ' ve got the space that i can actually start doing this right er
1932. having a garden which means you ' ve got to do some gardening and i sort of keep up with the the minimum amount of maintenance erm oh i don ' t now i mean a visited a friend who rents okay but she was saying that they ' ve got this fairly small square of lawn behind the house which okay will be a lot easier to mow than mine which is sort of uneven and on
1933. d be that ' d be for real foraging yeah just go to and pick up a suckling pig i went foraging and got this cow i went foraging and got kronenbourg yeah my friend told this really funny story about like she had to do she ' s my partner for and she had to do like a story just like also to do a story for the metro on like roadkill people
1935. tomorrow it ' s within our grasp already so the fifteenth is like not this monday next monday yes i wonder if i can hire a santa to come to the house why don ' t you get your friend to just dress up as santa? and just come and play the banjo see what ' s doing it ' d be so creepy we ' ll make him come down the chimney here ' s here ' s
1937. out nativity costumes so they could go to a nativity play theme thing and the church on sunday i was like i can ' t ju mm luckily i was like well i ' ve got a friend who is arriving at ten thirty so i ' m not going to be able to go to the church but i was like what i can ' t can ' t be anything he ' ll just run off
1940. really good nights ah that ' s so great did you have to get a cab home? erm sometimes we used to stay at my house a bit for that and we used to stay at my friend my other friend ' s so i got away with quite a lot really when i think about it so sometimes my mum would pick us up sometimes we got a cab yeah yeah sometimes we got a cab back
1941. ah that ' s so great did you have to get a cab home? erm sometimes we used to stay at my house a bit for that and we used to stay at my friend my other friend ' s so i got away with quite a lot really when i think about it so sometimes my mum would pick us up sometimes we got a cab yeah yeah sometimes we got a cab back i went through
1942. too into it you can imagine how much work went into it yeah it took about a year longer really i took days off i got this girl to come and film the thing i had to get my friend to film it yeah i had to pay him to do that i had to ask the people that i used to work for doing personal training if i could have that room to do the filming in i had
1945. was i ' m british but i love or or i want to fall in love with an american man oh right yeah or something really corny like that mm mm erm and er er and her friend were were it was an all expenses paid trip i don ' t know how they got chosen mm mm it was before i knew them and they got er got flown out there they were on this show and
1946. ' d carry a rose or something and declare their undying love oh god but it ' s on tv yeah and it ' s the first time you ' ve clapped eyes on em and ' s friend ' s quite i mean she ' s outgoing oh excuse me but she ' s not very sort of high five and woo woo yeah mm and her friend kept turning to her and going like this for a
1951. set the times but the bus company provide the bus and the drivers i see lovely but the driver was telling us he ' s off friday saturday sunday monday and going to sheffield why? to see his friend maybe his dad in a drum shop maybe that drum shop i ' m going to unfriend him they keep filling up my inbox with nothingness who the junk shop? no the drum shop
1952. then i repacked and then i don ' t ah okay i sus if it ' s not in there i am gonna yeah go naked yeah i went to a place one time with my friend and she forgot to bring her cossie and we were all gutted so between us we managed to sort of find some big pants that were black and like a big erm vest thing that sort
1956. just gonna go downstairs either you get dressed yourself or you go to school without any clothes on fair enough er so wow and then from there he learnt to dress himself very good yeah no i had a friend whose husband worked in and lived there and it sounds like the worth or value that other people give you based on your bank balance mm and your parents ' economic affluence yeah and i find that
1957. i ' m having loads of wees in the night but yeah it ' s a small price to pay i was super bloated the other night i took a picture and sent it to my friend i could ' ve been having a baby you know i was so bloated it looked outrageous what did you eat? no neither i ' d made some pork mm with er mash potatoes and sweet
1958. ' t know but you ' re living in poland yeah i think not a scrap of fat would be a real problem uhu yeah she lives in australia this girl yeah so she ' s yeah my friend in australia she ' s raw vegan and bursting with energy mm and i ate pretty much raw when i was there apart from a few meals but then it was the height of summer and forty degrees yeah
1959. yeah that ' s what i was looking it ' s really cheap it was like i dunno fifty quid return yeah last time i looked yeah i might just have a look at that and the friend i have trips with now and again he found this incredibly cheap ccar company on tenerife erm and you need to organise your own insurance cos they do rip you off a bit there if
1961. talk to mum and cos i wanted to propose well not propose but yeah suggest that sounds like a plan hm i do need the car in the afternoon cos i was gonna go and see my friend and where are they?? i ' ve gotta be there at four okay that ' s alright yeah we ' ll have to let dad know i suppose i could come and pick up and in the car
1963. semester yeah i dunno when we ' re gonna find the ti getting a bit worried we ' re looking at our calendar again i dunno when we ' re gonna get up to to see our friend there first of all i don ' t think it ' ll be until after christmas it might not be until after christmas or at least the christmas holiday for her i like it ' s nice there yeah it
1964. like this pink cup at the end of the table and was almost like and i was going behind her glass going it was funny yeah that was a good holiday though yeah we went with i took a friend who i mentioned before but she was a bit of a liability wasn ' t she? mm yeah you said she was a bit of a liability she didn ' t really bring enough money and then well it
1965. money and then well it weren ' t she didn ' t bring enough she did bring en she wouldn ' t spend it she wouldn ' t spend it was that problem what? yeah she took a friend on holiday and then she didn ' t have any money? and she never wanted to be honest she spent well she didn ' t she saved a little bit of money but she didn ' t want to
1970. t drink obviously yeah so thank you i ' m not gonna judge you no but when i didn ' t drink apart from certain friends like how is she? i ' d like meet up with a friend for a bit and we like sit and er you can tell like i could feel that they weren ' t having a good time a lot of the time but that ' s why i don ' t unless
1971. her sixteenth birthday let ' s get fucked up for any old excuse de dum de de and then it ' s all about like how in england you just any thing like my cousin ' s best friend ' s got a job let ' s get drunk yeah it is it ' s any old excuse it is any old excuse it ' s just boring it is but that ' s the thing it ' s
1974. of ' s big reinvention with unrecognisable compared to twenty years ago compared to yeah five years five years ago don ' t think you need to call it twenty years yeah my friend didn ' t recognise he moved out just a year or so before we moved in where did he move to? erm the other place we were looking he moved to oh right two - bedroomed terrace
1975. m like no i meant food and they were like oh supper? i ' m like yeah okay but i love that cos you just all the different little bits and yeah i ' ve got one friend erm on facebook i i ' ve never met her but erm i i met her through i got to know her through words with friends mm and she ' s i think she ' s about sixty
1977. t go and visit her sister and she can ' t do this yeah yeah and all this sort of stuff and i ' m like so you ' ve got to think of the impact and like my friend her erm fiance his parents his dad i think it is is has got cancer and they ' ve been going in and out of hospital and if she gets it she visit him they can ' t go
1978. they ' d moved all the lockers in front of one set of heating our set of heating is already covered by cupboards so we had no heating near us so we were sat and my my friend actually went home early used some of her her flexi time to go home early because she was so cold that ' s rubbish isn ' t it? yeah and we should we it ' s not fair
1979. ' s fine with and all she ' ll hurt people everyone that he meets but just er so they go and look after it in the day the parents sometimes but then who works at the rink a friend of mine he erm he had a dog and he ' s there in the day but then he works in the evenings so he he ' s there in the day with the dog and then obviously goes
1981. ll like that under the kitchen table ah do you see the goblins? they ' re all around you they ' re all around you they are so funny i erm i stayed over at my friend ' s and erm cos it was really windy and the bathroom window was open it blew my door open like it was it was in the morning so i was about ready to wake up anyway and
1983. ? i ' ve never known anyone that needs a transplant before like personally might mean that you can ' t drink any more well i ' m not sure i could give a kidney mm yeah is my friend who had one kidney he drank quite a bit but that ' s awful but if you ' re if you ' re not gonna know are you? if you ' re on the waiting list and you '
1984. ##ed us? saying come to portugal yeah do this we ' ve got a lta registered course it ' s this it ' s yeah yeah this competition and was saying that she ' s got a friend that ' s got a tennis er business and he ' s like a millionaire cos she was saying did you want me to find out whether he could do one of their courses well er why does?
1985. no you ' d be learning about how no with a management team how a a a a tennis business works yeah? it ' s spain though that ' s gotta be expensive well ' s got a friend who? ' s mum i was just checking you weren ' t talking about whatever name is one of the coaches from the northeast oh no i don ' t know i don ' t know her no has
1986. s mum i was just checking you weren ' t talking about whatever name is one of the coaches from the northeast oh no i don ' t know i don ' t know her no has got a friend she was at university with who has set up and has is quite successful at a tennis coaching company but i think he ' s based in spain i could ask her if to put us in touch with him
1987. ll drop out oh yeah yeah so that ' ll be twenty yeah which is just nice which is a nice number yeah so mm erm hasn ' t got back to me yet you know my irish friend? oh yes yeah yeah i ' ve text cos er over the years again i ' ve told her about it about it and not gone when we meet up for coffee she hasn ' t got back
1988. really? yeah well i ' ve seen has put on all things about she ' s what is it? she sprained her back yeah had a phone call yeah sunday sunday night? yes from her friend yeah hello mrs this is whatever her name is ' s friend we ' re just taking her to casualty yeah yeah don ' t worry yeah oh god i don ' t want you to worry but yeah and
1989. things about she ' s what is it? she sprained her back yeah had a phone call yeah sunday sunday night? yes from her friend yeah hello mrs this is whatever her name is ' s friend we ' re just taking her to casualty yeah yeah don ' t worry yeah oh god i don ' t want you to worry but yeah and it ' s not like they ' re twenty miles up the
1990. ladies on a retreat cos you can go away for sewing weekends and stuff yeah they met erm years ago mm and it ' s part of you know someone so i ' m gonna bring my friend along and that oh yeah yeah and that ' s how we ' ve we ' ve all kind of get together so we don ' t really see each other a lot no just when we go away and
1992. ? yeah in a few weeks what do you mean you ' re going to paris? i dunno i ' m just going there innit why are you going there? cos erm the friend going out with in new york was there so i ' m going to have stomach ease what would you like? mm dulux how ' s that? there ' s no milk there ' s no milk
1994. balls and it says missing pair of balls if seen please return to the english cricket team what is that about? they ' re feral in australia but it ' s okay i was talking to my australian friend about his like down there any kind of journalistic decorum goes out the window that ' s interesting couldn ' t we couldn ' t get away with that it it ' s on billboards w it
1995. yeah well in lots of parts of africa having a fat wife is a is a good sign cos it shows you ' re feeding her well mm mm hmm is that right? do you remember our friend in i ' m not gonna say his name there you go i should have used that one on you yeah we ' ll have to go to africa on holiday yeah our friend in said to me one day
1997. he just wouldn ' t stop apologising afterwards i ' m not surprised he really didn ' t mean it mm and in all fairness i did get quite large though it ' s like my friend erm she keeps telling me about this cancer business how you ' ll get over this you will it ' s not like pat i mean pat had that for twenty odd years she had to have problems for
2002. that day was it that day? was that thur? cos they were gonna come round thursday mm yeah i don ' t know something went wrong i think it was something went thursday morning their friend and the oh they were so down they were they were so depressed oh it was awful here they were so depressed huh it ' s not nice to keeping them no this length of time no you know when
2004. tortoises uhu coming over erm from india mm mm like very very specifically coming over from erm ah i ' m trying to remember the name of the town it ' s where my friend ' s from mm is short for oh right by the way oh right okay he he calls himself that does he right? it ' s yeah it ' s not it ' s not moving the hang on
2005. erm chinese herbalists who are probably involved in the trade that ' s how you can sort of yeah make makes me suspicious about people anyway well this is why is said erm i mean my friend kept saying oh go ggo go to a chinechinese doctor said no no you don ' t know what ' s in it especi but not necessarily t i suppose doctor maybe if they
2013. cost for? in hall? it ' s about three quid or three fifty i mean it ' s they ' re try it ' s not they ' re trying to get it cheaper like my friend if you remember he did a boycott of hall it was actually really successful he managed to like cook sort of pasta bake and like pizza for like the two like hundred people and did it in the bar
2016. ? mm not really mm so yeah what i do in paris is go to the best restaurants in paris mm oh can you? yeah such a good idea cos er me and went to visit our friend from new york who ' s like a big time chef dude and he ' s just friends with all the all the ga all the chefs and they all i don ' t think i ' ve ever been
2017. said i was i was eating i had never eaten it before but it was that thing sweetbread yeah brain what is that? yeah it ' s brain or something and anyway i was like to my friend i said is this pork or octopus? mm cos it looks like it ' s looks like an octopus tastes a bit like fatty pork not that i ate a lot of that when i was a kid
2018. to go there that ' s work though yeah i know but at least i want to go there when are you going? erm erm end of may may yeah end of may cos my friend just found a ticket on the internet for three hundred pounds return to japan? yeah london wow what airline? like weird ones you know like with stops? oh yeah that ' s how you get around yeah
2019. that would be in it ' s not at all like romance languages or semitic languages yeah anyway sounds like a good question i mean you don ' t i don ' t know i ' ve got a friend in from hungary she struggles with english i think yeah in in hungary you know i i thought it was i found it interesting she asked people from like who learn different languages what how animals talk in that language
2020. it difficult to talk about with you cos no i i mean i ' m i ' m happy talking about it like it doesn ' t make me feel like lower cos i know that my friend doesn ' t cos she ' s had it before and she just doesn ' t like talking about it any more i mean i can it actually is a relief to me that you can relate to everything
2021. small er pitched roof i mean pitched you know with a yes and there were different bays and things but i don ' t know how old that was because it was used before me i think ' s friend had bayko because he ' s the only person i ' ve ever talked about bayko with because he ' s only well he ' s the same age as so he was what? maybe two years
2022. but my biggest worry has been having a a cot for because he does not like sharing mm erm so we ' ve got one i ' ve got two in fact his mum found one and my friend ' s got one oh okay so it ' s like thank god so we ' re gonna go from there over to for the weekend with my australian friend did i tell you she was coming as well?
2023. two in fact his mum found one and my friend ' s got one oh okay so it ' s like thank god so we ' re gonna go from there over to for the weekend with my australian friend did i tell you she was coming as well? no so my flatmate from ecuador who ' s from australia erm does she still live in ecuador then? no she lives in australia oh wow she
2024. but if they ' re one or two hours away mm they ' re actually probably less likely to be sure which time you cos either could be possible yeah erm i mean i ' ve my friend in germany always when we ' re arranging to skype always says bst yeah with the time yeah so that we ' re well i ' m sure and that ' s not business but he is a
2025. yeah and that ' s without anybody actually being in any other part of the building apart from the church space mm because you would still need to insure the whole thing mm and although erm our friend from thinks that perhaps the insurance on a church as part of the building might be cheaper than the insurance on the rest of it so why can ' t they have a discount on their the fact is it
2029. a little longer yeah cos you can imagine it ' s a lot to take in isn ' t it? it takes long enough when you ' re learning one language mm let alone two em my friend who was from quebec mm in canada so she spoke like french and i think her mum was eh german so in her house she heard english german and f french and she said she used to say sentences in
2030. nine months and i thought i understood some spanish but when i went to granada i didn ' t understand anyone mm except my landlord and he was an english teacher and he spoke really slowly and everything my friend i know how she did it she didn ' t speak a word she was from germany mm hm and she phoned up places not speaking any spanish trying to find a place to live how would how you
2031. home oh i know i know it was ju it was just so funny that i couldn ' t believe that i ' d gone to spain and ended up my main exam was a presentation in italian my friend he came over to university to do the erasmus and he was living in a house full of italian people mm hm and his english actually improved quite a lot when he was there but he learned fluent fluent italian
2033. just getting a h a cup of hot milk with a tea bag in it oh so i had to soon learn to say can i have eh tea with milk separate cold milk on the side yes my friend was laughing she was i she was italian she was laughing at me another italian girl i my friend and we went we travelled round a little bit and she just laughed at me because of my face when i
2034. to soon learn to say can i have eh tea with milk separate cold milk on the side yes my friend was laughing she was i she was italian she was laughing at me another italian girl i my friend and we went we travelled round a little bit and she just laughed at me because of my face when i was given this tea with milk with a tea bag in it i was so disappointed cos i
2035. ' d take the challenge but if there aren ' t enough students well i ' m not going to get too upset about it i ' d go to hong kong cos i ' ve got a friend there but that ' s about it really i i ' d love to got to hong kong take me to see my friend that would be so cool even taiwan taiwan would be yeah good cos it seems
2036. it i ' d go to hong kong cos i ' ve got a friend there but that ' s about it really i i ' d love to got to hong kong take me to see my friend that would be so cool even taiwan taiwan would be yeah good cos it seems a bit better organised in the uni there but no is going to thailand and she ' s just like there ' s
2041. have you watched the safe house? tut oh yeah that ' s brilliant who did you go with? tut went with this girl um she ' s called anisha right she ' s my friend and we had a really good time oh have you seen it? i can ' t remember it it ' s er a really good suspense um thriller how can you not remember if you ' ve seen a
2042. as the director i have the overall artistic decision but i have to have somebody with me to make sure that i ' m not giving favouritism and stuff like that yes yeah and erm my friend wanted to come down and stalker? yeah stalker one? yes as opposed to stalker two? yes but they both turned up last night both of them turned up to the to the yeah to the au yeah
2043. you can have your cake and you can eat it and you know who invented monogamy anyway? it ' s a manmade rule and now he ' s found out that the pope had a friend who was a lady oh and all of that did i tell you that? yes but it yes you did but if you ' re not interested romantically you ' re not interested that ' s where it
2045. so often with people it really annoys me i think but would not approve anyway oh my goodness no he ' d just would think really badly of and then he ' d just go why is your friend putting up with that? what ' s wrong with her? why is she putting up with that? cos he ' s a bit like that because erm cos he ' s a bit black
2047. s hurt me more than anything is when you were poorly you wouldn ' t let me help and he said erm other people he said you know you did exercise classes with he said you met your friend in birmingham you erm he said oh you were constantly meeting who ' s? he ' s some mental nutcase that spends half of his life on a scottish island and he said you know who who
2048. know any details nobody can say anything he doesn ' t know any who these people are mm and erm but i just said to hi i just said to him you know i ' ve got another friend that spoke to me about personal stuff and i said and i listened and listened and listened and we became close because of it he didn ' t have anyone else to speak to and i said mm you know
2050. a nice car i ' ve got a great house people will say to me god got you ' ve got everything three lovely children yes and i said to him i ' ve had this conversation with my friend i said because she ' s talked to me about her mum you know and yes feeling like i ' ve got everything why do i feel lonely? because you want got my dad and this is you know
2052. she said it ' s called a roulade mm mm but it ' s i thought roulade was just like cake with creamy stuff in mm mm erm i used to have a polish friend in england who makes roulade at christmas she makes chocolate roulade and and a jam roulade anyway this was more like a sweet bread aha with chocolate rolled through it oh nice it
2053. should bloody be a bit more i should go and you don ' t? you bloody weirdo what ' s wrong with you? you ' re gonna burn in hell so it means that like my friend has to like keep it to herself because erm of the way people are about it they think you ' re odd and i don ' t think that ' s right oh and there ' s another thing
2054. yeah i don ' t punch people in the face erm but i ' m gonna bite their head off basically because i ' m sick of it and i was really disgusted cos my really good friend at work who ' s gay yes and i ' m totally fine with that so if i ' m fine with that can ' t he be fine with me going to private school? when he worked when
2055. say all this stuff about it and then you go i went to private school and then they ' re all like so super shocked and embarrassed oh and and that that ' s what happened with my gay friend at work he went on a oh did he? rant about erm how outrageous it is for anybody to go to a private school and i let him go on and on and on about what bastards
2056. to like do my best and i know that if i do my absolute best they ' re totally gonna pick me yeah so i have to do my best and if i don ' t and then my friend erm who was also applying we were both applying for our job yeah and erm she sort of like spent about half the time i did erm maybe even less yeah erm and what happened was
2060. yeah he was lo he was really nice well i vaguely remember about him yes but can i ask you? so i wanna go back to your course yes but also can i ask you? so your friend what ' s her face from ghana she yeah you met her the first uni? no no no no so i finished the masters degree and then had to go back to work and went to and met
2061. ##s i cos i got confused earlier thinking you ' ve known about the theory of everything since you were eighteen oh no no no no no no no erm but sh so erm so your friend what ' s her face from ghana erm miss thingy yeah is a christian yeah like proper majorly hell hell fire type christian now that i like that because now i can say to you when you
2064. to work sunday night and monday morning that ' s fine we could go to that what about friday night? friday great saturday? you know wyou know when you told me you went out with your friend and er got really wasted? mm? and i think that everybody was out then cos there was that party? that was fun party? there ' s one tomorrow we should go yeah that ' s
2066. the first few months were spent trying to chuck stuff away mm and i actually felt like i chucked away a lot of stuff mm but i still had a lot of stuff so i said to my friend at work erm i can ' t i said to her i tr i tried to start on the clothes yesterday and i just couldn ' t do it like mm it just wouldn ' t happen i just
2067. can i just read one page so you get the idea? no because you can do that later now can i just say we are going to this book launch not this thursday but next thursday by my friend and the person that erm is publishing it for him he was the publisher that that discovered jk rowling and he has said that ' s book reminds him of harry potter and that my friends is
2069. nearly eight o ' clock when i got home which isn ' t very nice there ' s nothing you can do but i mean they are like but use the road oh i meant to tell you my friend she lives in right actually she lives in where? she works in she lives in like north a bit near yes kind of near i think erm her boyfriend lives in so she was saying to me on
2070. like that aren ' t we? yeah that ' s right but yeah i erm but it did make me feel better i went to see all my friends in at the weekend and erm my friend she lives in which is obviously one of the slightly more expensive parts of she pays eight hundred pound a month just for a room so we pay a fair whack more than us we pay less than
2071. cos and came over when she was pregnant with we did it then that ' s something i forgot to tell you sent me a text i didn ' t realise it was from it was about my friend and i read it thinking it was you then i realised when i saw the word rehab it couldn ' t possibly have been you i should hope not well obviously this weekend is her fiftieth it
2072. ' s w earning over thirty apparently so yeah and he er didn ' t go to uni or anything like that so it shows it shows that if you ' re a certain type of person my friend ' s the same she ' s on about a similar amount of money just doesn ' t have gcse in maths doesn ' t have a gcse in maths really? failed it
2075. i will if i can heal well cos normally he can just heal cats but he can do a little bit of healing on humans right erm he he said he would if he could heal his friend who has the ocd cos obviously the ocd is like in the mind so it ' s like mm a different thing and so he ' s now bound to this contract with them his friend is
2078. ? yeah i think it was in mum ' s time yes exactly yes yes yeah it ' s something much older yeah very traditional yeah yeah but it ' s very fashionable now because i have an elderly friend in she ' s about ninety now and she makes elderflower wine yes mm i don ' t know about the wine it was the cordial i liked right so just so it ' s like a you
2079. rust rust can be erm a a similar type of oh it can yeah it can see yeah all sorts of things in rust i ' ve got a book on rust have you? bbby a friend that yeah who who is actually the wife of the previous head of the in oh right and er she and her husband went to the antarctic and they went to south georgia where er their rusty yes erm
2083. that was so good i love those little memes les miserables memes oh i went to see that in the cinema so did i did you? yeah and my gran like brought her really crazy friend with her and she was like saying all the way through the film like she was shouting all the way through the film and like then she was commenting on it really? like really loudly and she was so
2084. cans yes in bed by nine half eight sometimes playing scrabble that ' s lovely that ' s lovely mm went out the other night and ended up s oh god went out with er our russian friend oh how is she? well she ' s studying is she still with her millionaire isn ' t she with a millionaire or something? she ' s studying and when she ' s not studying she ' s
2085. are you going to? i ' d like yes i ought to i ' m just gonna you probably should i was going to oh my hot water or my furry marshmallow mm you know my friend said that she ' d bought an inflatable unicorn horn to put on her cat? yes i asked today and i i sent an email and said how did that go? and she went well she
2086. ll be me done she said she is coming it ' s chicken chicken well why didn ' t you just order two soups while you are up there? well i said i ' ll tell my friend i said i think i ' m just going to have two soups i ' m not sure if she is still coming do you want a drink or are you? no no nor me so anyway chicken
2087. management the other one she had i ' m not i get confused when she talks about th baker and pandora i ' m not sure what ' s what because like the erm the branch where her friend was didn ' t go to this it wasn ' t a big enough store to be included and some of the some of the small and some of the stores within stores weren ' t oh is it based
2088. mind um no i don ' t really like it just i don ' t know has anyone messed with it yet? they ' re funny i can watch them but like horror films in general like my friend likes tonnes of like the really creepy he likes ones that give you nightmares japanese type ones oh i heard about them yeah i like jackie chan movies with really good no if they ' re like fo mm
2089. brilliant thriller is that where he goes to the other universe or something like that? no or i just made that up no no it ' s just one of your violent japanese things oh right see my friend she doesn ' t really like the violence she likes you know the ones where it genuinely you ' re wanna not want to see ever again in your entire life alright but this is a worst films and why
2090. again in your entire life alright but this is a worst films and why there was this one called i ' m sure it ' s called american dreams or something stupid like that and basically me and my friend went to watch it and it ' s rubbish it ' s like set on this kind of american idol things but basically this guy ' s like a terrorist and he ends up like killing himself and all these
2091. i know kingdom of heaven oh my god you watched that at age eight? in the water but then you watched this at age eight? uh hmm i was i was i was staying over at a friend ' s house and they used to come and tell me and i was like oh at age eight? i guess at eight yeah why would you be watching like a really scary film at age eight? it
2092. ##berries? yeah strawberries are really good but aren ' t they full of sugar? they have they have stuff in them yeah but they ' re very sweet aren ' t they? mm mm my friend shshe must ' ve been on the olive oil for mm years now mm couple of years obviously yeah she ' s doing the she ' s gone back to toothpaste and milk well i doubt
2093. actually banana cake is yummy i don ' t do any baking i made a really really good victoria sponge in the week when i was at home but i ' m having my mum ' s best friend and her girls you know yeah over on the twenty - ninth of april er of august yeah for afternoon tea so i ' ll probably bake then yeah i ' ll pu i ' ll push the boat
2096. the that was the standard there mm yes that ' s right well it still is isn ' t it? yeah mm what did mum use to say? oh no forgotten now yes that i think our friend used to used to take to to mm on the way back i suppose can ' t remember who was living there but there was a fish and chip shop on the way back we always used to stop they
2098. say was one who was a very good chap the other one was good dealing with properties and two others were hopeless mm they only got the job because er they were asked to do it by a friend of er one of the solicitors and they took him on like but he was hopeless yes and er when a new firm took them over the first thing to do was to sack him oh right yeah oh
2099. wife had died earlier so it was only him in charge of everything mm yeah what did happen? oh he kept it going for a bit that ' s right when he very poorly and er a solicitor friend of mine he was also part of it and you between us we became directors of it oh wow gor so well we had to because no someone had to run it like yes we kept on the manager
2100. how accurate these confessions really are you ' d probably say anything after a while no that ' s right you would yeah yeah and those prisons over there i mean mean prisons yeah cos i have a friend out there and he works for the police as a ambulance driver yeah paramedic and they used to take him into prisons a lot because a lot of the prisoners yeah try and kill themselves yeah and he
2101. ask us to have one day and maybe one day and then three days in nursery in fact they were gonna look at a nursery there ' s one near her which has got really good reviews which our friend ' s already put down for for when she has to start back to work oh right yes so i said w i said they ' d go with her and u a erm where is it? not
2102. i said i ' ve no idea and i ' d forgotten told me they ' re going to the to watch a play okay daisy pulls it off oh that ' s what it was cos her friend that she goes running with is in is in the drama group and she does some of these plays so oh right so they said it was good mm well good i ' m sure that was one we did
2104. meet and the cars you look at yeah yeah so since i ' ve been retired my life has become much more interesting yeah cos most of the car work i did before i retired was with a friend of mine who was actually a repairer right right and a lot of it was towing cars in for him to repair yeah yeah s er erm so erm your car now your b mm can you
2105. you couldn ' t have fur oh but once it ' s in the shop and it ' s there mm and erm i ' ve got treasure i bought my erm mg from a a solicitor friend of mine mm and erm er yes and it was so funny my father said we ' d better have to looked over by the aa but i wasn ' t in the aa so they they sent an
2106. someone will visit me i know and you know where to bring them she says laughing hysterically no one will er but i ' ve got a whole list of places to take them i took my krakow friend this looks who ' s vegetarian to yay cos i knew they ' d have a choice of two things you can have salad or yeah i think there are three there ' s a salad there '
2107. hurt to have something yeah good oh well i ' m glad we came in here anyway yeah i am another new experience and i yeah and i think i ' d like to come in with a polish friend who can analyse the menu yeah and ask about these vegetarian options and ask about i mean yeah cos a lot of them just plainly aren ' t oh look at the back they do erm these
2112. no way i was looking it ' s just you can be really unlucky yeah you can drop it from just here and if it just it lands on the wrong spot oh yeah and just our friend dropped her phone and smashed the screen where the back is part of the cover so yeah and you can get like a battery case as well have you seen those? yeah you can get so you get like
2122. ##s you you look at her funny mate she ' ll go she ' s go for you she that ' s quite unusual with labs isn ' t it? yeah oh well well as my friend my friend ' s german shepherd was like that mm i was glad when that one snuffed it hello she ' s got such a cute little face i know she ' s my baby has got her sister not
2123. to nando ' s twice in one week shut up did i we went on monday oh no don ' t tell people that i didn ' t mean to but my sister my sister ' s best friend is going there with her boyfriend and they wanted her to come they ' re always making my sister come out with them i feel so bad for her third wheeling third wheeler she said she is professional now if
2124. they were really nice but it but it was scary that is scary yeah like i don ' t like and after that we went because we were like what near? yeah near because like it is our friend ' s birthday on valentine ' s day? no no no on sunday this coming sunday so we are going out friday she ' s going her family is coming to visit this weekend so she wants to spend
2125. in like in my c account until ap the end of april wow until the end of april shit so i am going to be in my overdraft in march yeah because i ' m visiting my friend in march and i right you ' re done then yeah i am done so i am going to be in my overdraft well at least you have been paying off your overdraft so it is
2126. connection it was like because they are joined together but they are also really gross oh seriously yeah so much kissing and shit yeah and like the one behind us she was from like newcastle i think because my friend is from newcastle as well oh is she? so the accent works the geordie accent so like as i said she was just like because she was talking to her and her boyfriend ' s mum on
2127. watching fifty shades my sister ' s seventeen anyway she can ' t watch it so we was gonna watch erm the kingsman right? cos you said it was good and my sister said her friend said it was good too so we are on our way there and had clocked that the movie was starting in was six minutes we was twenty minutes away oh and we was going to mi like it was
2129. point it ' s cos it was the middle of the night that ' s why it was more scary and i was in the taxi by meself cos we ' ve just dropped me friend off like she lives at the back of the stadium and then he just like at the lights and then i wouldn ' t i wouldn ' t have even noticed and then at the lights and he just went
2131. to fall off yes rabbit pie is nice i like that do you like pheasants and that also? i love pheasant yeah there ' s i used to have a c m a friend of mine used to go shooting pheasants oh right always gave me a pair of them always not just one always two oh yes and grandma they ' re here oh it ' s here used to
2132. got to teach it to walk on a lead cos it ' s yeah doesn ' t come natural and not pull and oh yes stay at your heel and stop at the road and yeah yeah a friend of mine had a husky puppy and they are very strong willed and very energetic mm we had to take it to all these dog training classes i went with her really interesting the dog training class cos all
2133. a field or somewhere like that mm books being given er you know you go and help yourself to a freebie oh right oh that ' s nice not bad mm yeah yeah i ' ve got a friend every year who goes to erm the literary festival oh oh right she loves she stays the whole week in where?? literature festival it is worth going to them huge one i think you ' d if
2134. i think they they ' re really quite an experience cos there ' s so much going on yeah and you book tickets for what you want to see and yeah it ' s good fun this this friend of mine she ' s got a friend she stays with for the whole week it ' s on so she books tickets she goes on the weeks i think to the festival yeah she yeah she goes to different
2135. an experience cos there ' s so much going on yeah and you book tickets for what you want to see and yeah it ' s good fun this this friend of mine she ' s got a friend she stays with for the whole week it ' s on so she books tickets she goes on the weeks i think to the festival yeah she yeah she goes to different things every day for the week she loves
2136. i used to eat the peas but you like yours in the shell didn ' t you? i do i like them raw mm yeah we ' d eat well we used to cook them erm our friend over there she used to raw ones always yeah it ' s just when i was in the supermarket the other day cos i was going to bring grandpa lunch yeah yeah main the you know the main bit
2137. for this time? i ' m going on thursday oh right a week what day are you going off? thursday thursday? oh oh you ' ve gotta do i ' m going to stay with a friend on thursday night friend oh that ' s nice where ' s she living then? er oh oh over oh over that way cos the flight goes at seven in the morning so oh mm are you going
2139. off now so that ' s that yeah that ' s good yeah you ever read this magazine? i don ' t actually no private eye? no you don ' t no you ' ve got your friend used to be editor didn ' t he? your colleague yeah oh yes oh yes aubrey waugh it ' s very funnny yes i ' d forgotten yes look at this one with the prince charles
2140. lot of humour in that p in that one yes yes in fact brought i don ' t buy it actually but usually buys it for me cos he knew i had a collection there he this this friend of mine was the editor of that lot years ago yes it ' s it ' s very good yeah yes it ' s quite a good it ' s talking about the erm the eu thing it '
2141. ? he used to sell talktalk um broadband door to door that was the sort of thing that that the jobs kind of jobs that were going around like when i was at finishing school um like my friend sort of like tried to do that sort of job but now he ' s going door to door he ' s going door to door um asking for donation donations for a local hospice or something uh okay fair
2144. yeah if it ' s her mother i ' m sure he wouldn ' t you wouldn ' t say it to her mum would you? say that but yeah do you remember when you said to a friend of yours whose mother had just died of cancer you said erm oh i wouldn ' t want i wouldn ' t wish anything on him except cancer? no and you were very uncomfortable about it i don
2154. see on friday night and stay the night and we ' ll er stay the night and? no way off course and well no ' s not going to be there unfortunately oh right and erm my friend who ' s come to stay with her as well for the weekend from? from yeah when did you last see them? twenty years ago bloody hell mm and too? yeah well he said i ' d
2157. mm? because it doesn ' t this boy no you know he ' s not doing anything to put any effort in no one if you don ' t work at a friendship i had this with a friend of mine at uni he w his point was you shouldn ' t have to work at a friendship it should just be natural and if if it ' s not natural then it ' s there ' s
2159. about this he would ' ve let it drop i just really don ' t wanna go well i mean you ' re welcome to join me and we ' re going to next saturday oh yeah for our friend ' s birthday although i ' ve no idea what the hell i ' m gonna wear i was supposed to be spending this weekend investigating options clearly haven ' t done that i think whatever you do you '
2160. it ' s not catching because there aren ' t enough bathrooms or not if everybody gets it everyone ' s gonna have to lie in their own piles of shite in bed as exampled by my friend i wonder if had lunch at the hotel on friday did you? yeah mm what did you have? a fish finger and about six chips right really a lot of food no but um if she had the
2161. cos apparently is station as well s in austrian german maybe in german it ' s bahnhof oh well maybe it ' s austrian german then yeah why do you know? oh cos when your friend lived there my f friend is austrian oh is she? yeah oh right and i lived with her er two years ago i thought she was just she was british and was living there no no bahnhof yeah
2162. as well s in austrian german maybe in german it ' s bahnhof oh well maybe it ' s austrian german then yeah why do you know? oh cos when your friend lived there my f friend is austrian oh is she? yeah oh right and i lived with her er two years ago i thought she was just she was british and was living there no no bahnhof yeah bahnhof and fl das
2163. oh you ' re just like just just a ten k run batting them out now i know erm the weekend after that i ' m going to for the day and then going to the with a friend of mine oh is that on the seventeenth? yeah i ' m in going to are you? what are you doing in? i ' m going to a lesbian party oh really? so will i see
2164. so we ' re going to bratislava for the saturday to the monday sorry it ' s just so so random i know it ' s it ' s fucking ridiculous then then i ' m going to my friend ' s engagement party in oh god then i ' m going to for the weekend after to see a friend of mine from uni like not from uni from home he ' s like my best friend
2165. i know it ' s it ' s fucking ridiculous then then i ' m going to my friend ' s engagement party in oh god then i ' m going to for the weekend after to see a friend of mine from uni like not from uni from home he ' s like my best friend from home oh nice then the weekend after that i ' m going to naples for four days as you do
2167. any more girls like no but literally so like one like a couple of weekends ago erm again out with like the the girl pts yeah and erm and then so yeah suffered there and then my friend had this french girl over yeah? and literally she for like about two wee would call me like basically wanting to and and i didn ' t cos i was being good but i was literally literally i
2169. back to work and yeah yeah yeah you ' ve got no idea have you before you have one? no and of course you think everything ' s gonna be mm it ' s funny cos your friend the hairdresser oh yeah was saying how she ' s already booked a holiday for next year oh okay abroad mm that she ' s taking the ba this baby ' s gonna get a passport that '
2170. they ' re not are they? cos they ' ll probably no suck on a potato for half an hour and you ' ll have provided all this food for them and then er cos my friend that will eat anything while the rest of us were always fussy oh yeah? would have anything and then i remember going to her parent ' s house for tea oh yeah? one night and they '
2171. keen on coming every week is she? so there was me trying to make an effort but she ' s yeah erm it ' s a last minute thing when i ' m going out with a friend yes oh hi yes okay then going out yeah yes it ' s a bit awkward with it ' s the way she is with it ' s just awkward do you think she was off with him yesterday?
2173. don ' t you? oh yeah you don ' t wanna be worried about your work no definitely so what did end up doing this weekend? has she got any friends coming over or? oh her friend ' s pulled out on her er oh no the friend was meant to come and didn ' t so she ' s just on her own now oh it ' s a shame she couldn ' t have come
2175. i haven ' t done really any er yeah so this is kind of like the ideal time to do it isn ' t it? there ' s no one around i haven ' t seen anyone my friend ' s had his baby so i haven ' t seen him yeah erm er some of ' s friends came up and we recorded them i think i told you we got like yeah eight hours down done
2176. his baby so i haven ' t seen him yeah erm er some of ' s friends came up and we recorded them i think i told you we got like yeah eight hours down done with a friend i managed to get seven hours done over the weekend with dad yesterday and today that ' s good i did five hours yesterdays and then another two hours today five hours? gosh yeah er well we
2177. don ' t know sit down and tell you their life history no it ' s well i ' m i ' m not really interested any more than you ' re probably interested in mine but then my friend mm she ' s f she ' s one of these people she ' s interested in everybody mm and she ' s got a w a knack you can sit and er before you know it she '
2181. t realised that i could barely it was a blur so i i tur had to turn around and come all the way back er and then when i left work i had a quick drink with my friend my work colleague cos she ' s off to caribbean for a holiday got all the way to and realised i ' d left my bag in the pub oh no so i had to go all the way
2182. forgetfulness with with tracking back yes so erm does this happen often? no i don ' t think it ' s a sign of alzheimer ' s i think i have erm cos my friend said she didn ' t think i ' d drunk that much and i hadn ' t i had like two pints er enough to forget my bag but i think i just had muscle memory of cos
2183. ##m the b the book the book itself is is very good i like erm i like reading about it from the modern angle having sort of some ancient scripture or something yeah yeah ' s got a friend who is big into it she ' s erm she ' s into buddhism and i think it ' s buddhism but she ' s all into meditation and yeah and all that yeah all that malarkey
2186. what you meant yes yes well spotted yeah okay erm bring some so sort of bring your own okay bribring your your own you know? so who who are you taking? obviously and her friend oh that ' s another lady who ' s coming from athletics right she she does know where it is but she d she said she will make her way to my house mm because then she c she can
2187. s all very lovely how handy that he lives across the road she well she said it ' s all very lovely she said but she said when i ' m at his house they know yeah so her friend turned round and said well you ' re going to have to invite him to yours more often so they don ' t know that you ' re together she said i ' m going to have to she said
2189. mm depending on what ' s going on but ' s meant to be there so there ' ll be nowhere to sleep yeah so oh yeah she ' s she ' s spending the day with her best friend on saturday so hopefully that will be good for her that ' s cool she can relax just think it ' s getting too much mm yeah especially if she ' s got to look after like your uncle now
2191. madrid? i am so excited do you how long were you in each place for? so on next wednesday in th in the evening i arrive in madrid really late at eleven o ' clock but my friend is working he does he gives guided food tours of madrid okay yeah food tours? oh wow yeah that ' s his job i ' d love to go on one of those yeah i know hopefully i might
2192. ' ll meet him in town yeah and i ' m staying at his house and then i have one whole day so so i have the whole of the thursday in madrid and i ' ve got another friend erm called who lives there but last time i was in madrid i set my two friends up but then it kind of ended oh oh so now i have to see them separately oh no and i don
2193. each other and it was just a bit awkward and everything they don ' t talk anymore no oh but i want to see them both they ' re both like she ' s my she ' s my friend from valencia and her job moved to madrid okay and then he ' s we went to uni together we did erasmus together me and the other guy ah okay yeah and then and then on friday at about
2194. like only an hour and a half it ' s so speedy i can ' t i can ' t believe how quick it is i know and then i ' ll have friday evening it ' s my friend ' s cafe ' s fifth birthday ah that ' s so exciting and then saturday sunday monday tuesday and then i fly back at about fly back really late on tuesday evening and so i ' ll be back
2195. ten days christmas? so you so you even though you haven ' t booked a trip for the end of november have you booked days off? no but i ' m going to book them probably my friend just confirmed erm like that he ' s like booked his holiday yeah and that he ' s like his company is more strict so oh yeah yeah so i could take three then and then my boyfriend '
2196. or something jus just to have it off yeah i was thinking of just taking some mondays yeah just having some three day weekends and doing some nice stuff i want to go to bristol to see my friend and that would be lovely to just yeah just that one extra day yeah it makes a really big difference we could just have like four day weekends until christmas mm yeah i ' ve had last week was a
2197. excited about going on holiday i really need t a break i think oh are you just going to relax when you ' re in valencia? yeah just oh i might go out on the cos my friend has an orange farm so i want to go out but he ' s working in some field like far away so i ' m not sure if this time ' s gonna work ah you said yeah mm but
2198. ' m not sure if this time ' s gonna work ah you said yeah mm but oh if you do get well get lots of photos anyway so i can see yeah yesterday i was speaking to my friend erm who ' s a pilot and i was like i ' m coming to valencia and he was like i ' m in a i ' m in a plane right now and he sent me some photos
2199. yeah there are some things i will never understand and that ' s one of them yeah really think what you could do with twenty thousand pounds yeah yeah well i know two people one of them a great friend of ' s who ' d actually lived with her partner for about seven eight years and the other and ' s granddaughter yeah who equally well had a oh yes there was the one the yeah both of the
2200. successful with his second wife and so she got all the money who was not the first wife got the entire estate yeah and that ' s the end of it yeah i know no questions asked mm my friend at work who i used to work with my friend now er she was married years and years ago in and then left him erm and they got a divorce he remarried had a family and then died got
2202. ' s pronounced hoohookah i don ' t know what i don ' t know what it ' s called in arabic actually mm i actually bought it from an egyptian yeah er w a good friend who who actually did a an mba at liverpool university yeah and he he worked in the personnel department in er and he he came to me asking me for advice about which university sort of thing er in the
2203. yeah well ours was on for like that day the next day but then it went off at four when yours was all on and the only way i dealed with that is i went to see my friend and then i came and sat with you for that night mm yeah and then it came back on by about eleven thirty i think eleven so that was alright yeah not too bad yeah yeah so erm i
2208. ##m er we get there about ten thirty at night and we ' d light the fire and then we would saturday morning we are collecting from station at eleven so i suspect we ' ll take and her friend over swimming in that area and we will go popossipossibly to castle mm if you ' re interested i don ' t know if you ' ve been to? er er er not for not
2209. ' ve already been talking about? no that ' s a program anki the site is is that the one that was on about? no that ' s something else erm the the who a friend of his used to work on it or something yes that ' s that ' s called readlang which yeah is a it ' s well actually it ' s quite good because iiif you install it it
2210. to order it from her and is the person who did the seed and stuff is she a member of the rspb? no er not as far as i know mm she ' s just a friend of who is the treasurer oh i see and the cos i mean it ' s quite a good idea but some people might get a bit you know well annoyed that you ' ve got some sort of
2211. s heavy and so on and she ended up stopping doing it and i think fair enough cos and really do an awful lot mm erm but then came along committee meeting before last and said her friend and it ' s all well she ' s got a shop in and it ' s sort of the equivalent of fair trade coffee but animal food if you see what i mean you know okay yeah so i
2212. can hold the wall with your other hand mm mm but in the middle of the room no no erm and i i was very glad i ' d finished it and i was okay cos a friend of mine ' s just cracked three ribs er not painting the kitchen but erm cleaning you know on top of cupboards and various things and she fell mm oh dear and er that did you try that
2217. blandness drown out the blandness is that your phone? no i think that ' s yours oh god i don ' t wanna talk to anyone right now i ' ll just leave it oh my friend she ' s did it only ring once? it er yeah it nobody called back i feel like a sad forty - year - old woman who lives on her own and has one of these like tv food
2219. scare me yeah because they ' re so vast vast i know and i just feel incapable of it like and mm doing it that quickly like yeah i do even when i did kp work for my friend ' s restaurant like i only did that for a couple of weeks because it was too stressful like the speed of it all and mm like it was so unorganised and yeah i just i felt
2221. it take you to find somebody? er about three days oh wow i just like luckily i knew her through one of my flatmates like she was it was h it was my flatmate ' s friend who i wasn ' t really friends with like but she just said to me like i i hear you ' re like leaving and she wasn ' t really very nice about it to be honest like she just
2222. really friends with like but she just said to me like i i hear you ' re like leaving and she wasn ' t really very nice about it to be honest like she just said erm my friend like is interested in like taking your room and c so that we can be closer cos she was in like a house quite far away from her friend so mm but it was lucky that i tracked her
2224. in together they ' re having they ' re going round each other ' s every week now tuesday morning i didn ' t know that was gonna go erm but ' s just found out that her friend is the nanny of oh okay so er so that ' s she went round there so she knows her so she got invited somehow i so i told you she can go and meet everybody and i don '
2225. don ' t know what he ' s saying but it is a bit like you ' re like read before he can talk yeah mm? which is the opposite of most kids if we could t my friend ' s son who taught himself to read by the time he was two two that ' s ridiculous you know he ' s taught himself jesus he knows all the bus timetables if you say to him where
2228. they ' d be like cock and like the scientist was like cos she ' d like arranged she ' d like got permission from work cos they sent like a really sad email like said our friend ' s like dying and she like loves your museum and stuff and then said yeah when i got there but also like it ' s so bad because now in the future if that happens again like yeah they
2231. i ' ve g i ' ve got the hammer alright cool you can grav hammer the other now where is he? i dunno where is he? oh this one? oh i see your friend doug down there oh they ' re just re irregular routes oh no they have fuel rods you went to them didn ' t you? oh my god there ' s someone up behind me oh god who '
2232. today? no? didn ' t go no it was oh just er was there and then erm little girl from another lady er from yoga called she was there yeah erm and then ' s friend from work with her little boy did they go on the walk the other week? he was there as well no no oh somebody different? yeah different people oh that was good lots of people with babies d
2233. in you know for the antique shops you know you ain ' t seen the pub now you wouldn ' t recognise it mm no i mean one of those antique programmes? you you you know my best friend? mm? yeah oh yeah it was the other week yeah i ' ve got the mm up at the she works in an antiques place called in oh right and they came in to make a tv programme
2234. i i see that and like so that was on the friday wasn ' t it? it was on the fri and i oh and i couldn ' t go i that was the i left my friend in town i don ' t know how i even got home apparently i ' m like some how did you get home? i somehow managed to get my shoes out of the cloakroom cos i had
2239. young yeah they are yeah and i ' m just like oh i was talking to some guys and they were like eighteen and stuff i was like oh i know i remember going out in oxford with a friend of mine in freshers ' week and there ' s one boy come over and was like how old are you? i ' m like twenty - one and they ' re like yeah you ' re so
2240. bad yeah so like a lot of them yeah can be more like law er like a law conversions are like twelve grand they are a lot of money it ' s ridiculous aren ' t they? my friend ' s brother ' s just done one so mu that ' s why i assumed they were all that much money no no it ' s only like law and like okay accounting and stuff i think that are
2241. ? they ' ll be like little bit of like not being okay with everything but yeah oh erm right okay so i ' ve got to send cos i bought some more herbal life but my friend bought it me erm for erm cos he gets fifty per cent discount and i get thirty - five per cent mm so i ' m like erm do you mind buying erm some and
2249. ##s of the market yeah it ' s npa it ' s new public management all over did you see the i think it was in the guardian last week er this guy votes that er a good friend of his always voted labour and nothing but being a nurse and she said it ' s not so bad i can ' t stand it and i will go and take my expertise which is clearly not valued into
2250. scary but i didn ' t remember michael howard ' s campaign and i thought i ' m scared cos i ' m not british enough to be honest with you erm er the partner of my friend in london and she ' s she ' s very nervous now about erm the referendum what the eu thing? yeah yeah it ' s well did you see the the the guardian does all these you know
2251. went in with who ' s like nineteen and she was like i hate the pony like it ' s horrible it just comes cantering after you and it ' s just really nasty and erm their friend who comes down for a ride erm the mum is quite small and really skinny so she had been riding it and erm it was fine to ride but it ' s just not nice on the ground
2252. down his ears did he and went you folded his ears down? yeah so i get there oh instead i had to walk down all the way to the bus stop and then i phoned up my friend and we both had ten percent battery and the bus was twenty - five minutes ' late she hadn ' t even got on it yet oh i mean it should have been in my actual i was like how
2253. when i see them here i ' m like yeah it is a bit is that it? really? yeah yeah they were really good when i was in valencia last week erm i was in my friend ' s cafe and my friend was picking me up to go to the country and like a track you know like like the down the track went off and i was like i ' m in a war zone
2254. ' m like yeah it is a bit is that it? really? yeah yeah they were really good when i was in valencia last week erm i was in my friend ' s cafe and my friend was picking me up to go to the country and like a track you know like like the down the track went off and i was like i ' m in a war zone it ' s just crazy it
2255. it it is a bit like oh i ' m so excited for like for the actual spanish people yeah i think so they must be get quite excited about the festivals and things like that yeah yeah my friend my friend who ' s got her the two year old has already decided when she is eight she is going to be like the fallera mayor infantil and like she has got her own dress even though
2256. is a bit like oh i ' m so excited for like for the actual spanish people yeah i think so they must be get quite excited about the festivals and things like that yeah yeah my friend my friend who ' s got her the two year old has already decided when she is eight she is going to be like the fallera mayor infantil and like she has got her own dress even though she '
2257. yeah first to the nineteenth of march every day they like are blowing up and then they have the massive fireworks displays from the fifteenth to the nineteenth so that ' s so many fireworks yeah yeah yeah my friend was just like i can ' t sleep cos they go on quite late at night don ' t they? as well yeah she was like she was i ' ve had enough i can ' t cope
2258. in the block and then just walked around that bit yeah it is so nice mm just have one we where like mm maybe that ' s enough for one for the price of four yeah after the my friend is seven months pregnant and she gets on a valenbici every day oh does she? yeah i ' m like be careful they ' re so heavy yeah they are i never used to well i liked
2259. is not like the whole bike is it ' s hard to yeah yeah so yeah that was really bad but i like erm i like it round there it is really funny because i was with my friend down there and erm obviously it is the formula one track i was like it ' s so easy to cycle here he was like it is a formula one track and i was like oh wow mm yeah
2260. follow formula one yeah no just care about yeah i see pictures of the like science and arts area and i i loved it there i know it is amazing like when erm i was walking with my friend i was like look it ' s amazing and she was like oh yeah yeah i went to like i remember i think it was in the first week i was there i went to like a fashion show that
2262. ' t like that no she finds driving a you know sort of a chore yeah and she gets bored like today she can ' t keep keep awake she can ' t share the lift with her friend? well no i don ' t think that her friend comes from the other side of or somewhere oh and she still has to drive quite a way anyway that ' s right yeah but even then getting back
2263. sort of a chore yeah and she gets bored like today she can ' t keep keep awake she can ' t share the lift with her friend? well no i don ' t think that her friend comes from the other side of or somewhere oh and she still has to drive quite a way anyway that ' s right yeah but even then getting back in time to go to work yeah yeah no it doesn
2264. and it ' s funny but it ' s a bit it ' s it ' s not for young viewers oh well just you saying that makes you want to see it but no countdown is good my friend was in it when erm i was at so it ' s eight of ten cats watch countdown uhu or do countdown or something eight out of ten cats do does countdown that ' s it mm yeah
2269. tissues mm mm very tasty do you want me to open the door for you? tissues in that box i think is going to watch the boxing oh really i ' ve got a feeling that a friend of mine is playing as well she ' s got like some gig in some olympic village or something but i think it ' s going to be particularly crazy how long does the whole shabang last for?

Cluster 2
1. little in - joke there i think somebody ' s been very pleased to have his boy with him yeah you ' re yeah happy aren ' t you? showing what a kid you are so ' s friend said you ' re tall aren ' t you? yeah yeah i call him my go - to name for older people it ' s it ' s alright yeah that ' ll do he was really nice actually
2. slightly weird? he ' s like this why wwhat what what ' s weird about it? like totally fine in no idea last christmas it was his like it ' s it was his best friend well one of his best friends went in who i was marrying his like first love and your brother ' s first love? yeah oh god and then like she broke up with my brother for him yeah oh
4. on and then kind of i think cos she kind of sorted stuff and yeah which is fair enough so but the girl those three get on really well really? which is really nice yeah yeah her friend and then a girl from isn ' t it? yeah and they seem to get on really well like it ' s not just being the linchpin yeah they get on as well like so that '
6. as oh seven seven seven seven obviously it ' s it ' s only got two sevens the crazy one? the crazy number so the gremlins in her phone have found this old number oh my friend ' s did that yeah really weird yeah so when so she presses reply it doesn ' t work because it goes to the crazy number she has to actually write a new message and make sure it ' s
7. s only like a five minute drive but still yeah that ' s true yeah mad what a bitch oh god that was hell yeah getting picked up from the train station yeah yeah and if you missed your friend that was a funny one i lost my phone years ago and zara and i used to work in the same shopping centre meadow hall so i ' d f i ' d not got my phone i told
15. the situ yeah and i said i mean i ' m the last thing i said to her so i told him is well you know whether if you can if you c if you can ' t be friend then say you can ' t be a friend mm that ' s it mm game over that ' s fine we ' ll walk away from this week and we ' ve had a lovely time mm and that
16. ' m the last thing i said to her so i told him is well you know whether if you can if you c if you can ' t be friend then say you can ' t be a friend mm that ' s it mm game over that ' s fine we ' ll walk away from this week and we ' ve had a lovely time mm and that ' s that yeah but if you er if
17. game over that ' s fine we ' ll walk away from this week and we ' ve had a lovely time mm and that ' s that yeah but if you er if you do wanna be a friend then you have to be a f a full friend not just deciding what you can and you ' re capable of cos this whole thing of i ' m i ' m weak and not good enough mm
18. away from this week and we ' ve had a lovely time mm and that ' s that yeah but if you er if you do wanna be a friend then you have to be a f a full friend not just deciding what you can and you ' re capable of cos this whole thing of i ' m i ' m weak and not good enough mm you know i ' m gonna let you down yeah
19. down yeah is a pile of shit yeah i said because otherwise i wouldn ' t have been with you for three years yeah you never let me down yeah yeah i wouldn ' t want you as a friend if i thought that you were gonna be a crap one yeah just because you don ' t keep in touch with and yeah doesn ' t make you a crap friend you know i mean it ' s like
20. wouldn ' t want you as a friend if i thought that you were gonna be a crap one yeah just because you don ' t keep in touch with and yeah doesn ' t make you a crap friend you know i mean it ' s like we said yesterday like this is the point if you can identify that you let people down why not do something about it? yeah it ' s not like you '
24. be four people lanky? yeah the boyfriend oh yes yes yes what ' s his name? mm four people equals a party womble and liz feel free to bring anyone she added me as a friend actually i feel really bad that i haven ' t accepted but you s but it ' s not just her i haven ' t accepted i ' ve got a list of about twelve now i was gonna say
25. s but it ' s not just her i haven ' t accepted i ' ve got a list of about twelve now i was gonna say because it took you about three months to accept me as a friend so yeah i ' ll tell her not to feel offended yeah please do i like the way that you get accepte invited as my plus one now like we ' re some sort of yes married couple yep
27. card er card please donde? card please i need to give you more money what is the matter with you? honestly all you ever want from me is money you are a terror call yourself a friend? you? stealing all my cash expires ten fourteen four five eight er miss c doyle i confirm i have read all the shibazz er about that yes i like all of that book now
29. and as cute as he is and you know we have a really nice time together he really makes me laugh there ' s just not anything more there ' s n even though i ' ve tried lovely friend and i have tried lovely friend mm i ' m just not it ' s just not unfortunately but what happens if he ' s changed since the last time you saw him like people grow and change and mo
30. and you know we have a really nice time together he really makes me laugh there ' s just not anything more there ' s n even though i ' ve tried lovely friend and i have tried lovely friend mm i ' m just not it ' s just not unfortunately but what happens if he ' s changed since the last time you saw him like people grow and change and mould a bit yeah i mean
32. can get voted off yeah hang on wait i ' ve put the wrwrong one on oh here cool are they all boring or not? oh god when your when your what? when your white friend ' s face is as red as their teacher red as their own teacher there are so many there are lots of thirteen there ' s a lot of gross ones as well is there any like sort of ob
33. unless you ' ve got an underactive thyroid and then it ' s okay yeah like excuse me do you have an underactive thyroid? go to the gym you fat bitch no fuck off know my friend walk up to people in the street and like whip the doughnuts out of their hand you ' re too fat no more for you fatty well my friend who can relate is really fat like she probably
35. that ' s why i was like how do you not know what wing liner is? wing liner when every time you do it now you just go like wing liner no cos you were filming your friend that looks like a couple you were filming with your friend yeah and like she was like she said it behind the camera she like you suit wing liner and then you just went wing liner and i just thought
36. know what wing liner is? wing liner when every time you do it now you just go like wing liner no cos you were filming your friend that looks like a couple you were filming with your friend yeah and like she was like she said it behind the camera she like you suit wing liner and then you just went wing liner and i just thought it was like so you like the personality coming out for
37. down a little bit please what? on this? mm hm i hope it doesn ' t fucking stain shouldn ' t do they wouldn ' t put something that stained your skin oh yeah that was your friend yeah was he a bit weird though? no he was lovely no he was nice cos i you know when do you remember when there was going to be that i don ' t know a fl a
38. then let ' s fight and stuff and me and were just like no no no like that doesn ' t need to be an like an issue like you don ' t need to fight and then his friend this random guy ' s friend like he was like me so he was going no no no it ' s fine like he ' s just had too much to drink like and he ' s just being inappropriate
39. stuff and me and were just like no no no like that doesn ' t need to be an like an issue like you don ' t need to fight and then his friend this random guy ' s friend like he was like me so he was going no no no it ' s fine like he ' s just had too much to drink like and he ' s just being inappropriate come on let ' s go
40. ' s fine like he ' s just had too much to drink like and he ' s just being inappropriate come on let ' s go and stuff and then i kept like seeing the guy ' s friend all throughout the night he ' d be like i ' m trying to learn english can i add you on facebook and stuff? he added me but then i deleted him cos i was like bit weird
41. to say this like i love her but she she does that so i would not be surprised i ' m not going to lie if he text back saying is it okay if i just bring just one friend and she said yes and she said yes and she say yeah yeah that ' s fine and the exact same thing because she does that a lot she did it when i went back to s that first time
42. exactly they they can be your mates like i say i ' ve got no problem with having have you seen this? i ' ve not been on my facebook for four hours everyone wants to be your friend i i bet all them friend requests are boys boy boy boy boy knew it why though? what? i don ' t see it like they might just look at you and think oh wow i ' d
43. mates like i say i ' ve got no problem with having have you seen this? i ' ve not been on my facebook for four hours everyone wants to be your friend i i bet all them friend requests are boys boy boy boy boy knew it why though? what? i don ' t see it like they might just look at you and think oh wow i ' d smash that i i don '
44. were three rows and then there were me and our row and i were on my own and there were this girl next to me she were fucking hammered absolutely fucking hammered and like she became my new best friend because yeah like you do yeah like you do in festivals or gigs or whatever as well yeah you look after someone or whatever you become friends with people don ' t you? unless you ' re a shy
48. on as like teens as couples? and i think they were like the pink team or the blue team or something and erm her it it got to the eliminations and one of the weeks her friend was voted out so like then she started taking like the competition seriously and erm but she like still managed to stay in for maybe four more weeks and then she got like kicked out and then when it
59. ? oh there ' s i have got ricky gervais on twitter look he ' s tweeted a picture of his cat genius comedy genius he he does look a bit like your uh your friend doesn ' t he actually particularly in that photo? oh i suppose he does a bit round the eyes he was actually quite a good looking guy in his in his younger days though i don ' t think
60. but that heats its self - heating cushion if you could eat it at the end that might be better if you could eat it? well you can eat it but um most people view it as a friend and like they wouldn ' t like eat a friend if a friend died no i wonder if i died would you eat me? well it depends how hungry i was is that legal? i don ' t
61. could eat it at the end that might be better if you could eat it? well you can eat it but um most people view it as a friend and like they wouldn ' t like eat a friend if a friend died no i wonder if i died would you eat me? well it depends how hungry i was is that legal? i don ' t think it is eating another person? yeah is that
62. at the end that might be better if you could eat it? well you can eat it but um most people view it as a friend and like they wouldn ' t like eat a friend if a friend died no i wonder if i died would you eat me? well it depends how hungry i was is that legal? i don ' t think it is eating another person? yeah is that legal? mm
66. to the benvent and on top of you and just open fire and i then you ' re pretty much gone it ' s quite fun and then once you ' re dead you can spectate your friend so i can be like look around the corner someone there and he ' ll be like ah and he ' d run around and it ' s fun but yeah that game was so successful like there ' s
67. kissed more than one boy at a lot more is that th what they do they just go and kiss a load of people? not really you can go and meet up and then like er ' s friend was like oh like like that guy likes you and then he ' d be like oh you ' re really attractive and then you ' d like kiss or something but how do you know this? because people
69. can get the he can get the untrashy girls as well he can well yeah but if he ' s he can going here there and er with e everyone eeveryone ' s his friend like no one yeah but he was horrible to us in there so as far as i ' m concerned he ' s not a very nice guy at all why was he horrible? cos he was a
70. what his friends? his friends has he got any nice friends? he says i don ' t know like he ' s never said one i like he says like oh he ' s like a concrete friend next time he ' d be like oh he ' s just i hate then he ' d be like going that and if if you ' re going back f and forth with friends like that that means there
71. if i ' m being honest he ' s never gonna be popular really yeah he ' s just kind of on it ' s better to be in your own tiny little gang or even just have one friend rather than be yeah at the bottom end of a popular gang it really is that ' s kinda that ' s like the worst of the worst isn ' t it? it really is i hate it i
72. got on my nerves especially yeah because he he he ' d be to so two faced but also i know really flitted though isn ' t he? was he the like you were his best friend or yeah or you you were it ' s all? like when we were trying to play jenga he ' d just he ' s hard work jump the table on purpose yeah is there a cunning reason
73. ##s i thought the blokes would love a bit you know a bit i never really went out with them cos they weren ' t very you know like you said your bloke your friend s gets all the women or something? you know not your friend the person who does oh yeah he ' s not my friend yeah he ' s not your friend but anyway these blokes and there
74. a bit i never really went out with them cos they weren ' t very you know like you said your bloke your friend s gets all the women or something? you know not your friend the person who does oh yeah he ' s not my friend yeah he ' s not your friend but anyway these blokes and there are never cos they ' re a kind of they didn '
75. weren ' t very you know like you said your bloke your friend s gets all the women or something? you know not your friend the person who does oh yeah he ' s not my friend yeah he ' s not your friend but anyway these blokes and there are never cos they ' re a kind of they didn ' t really to be honest they weren ' t really weren '
76. you said your bloke your friend s gets all the women or something? you know not your friend the person who does oh yeah he ' s not my friend yeah he ' s not your friend but anyway these blokes and there are never cos they ' re a kind of they didn ' t really to be honest they weren ' t really weren ' t fashionable at all that kind of
77. and they ' ve got these fantastically y good - looking lovely wives and families and everything cars houses you name it you name erm and while some people have struggled like you know me and my friend s and they but they ' re still really interesting really capable they ' ve all got jobs they ' ve all got great kids and everything and i we remember the popular guy and er we sometimes we see
81. you just feel like they get you they ' ll only tell you the truth they really understand yeah yeah and and you ' re so similar and you ' re you know you ' ve just made a friend for life and um with her i really feel that and i really value her and not that i would not be friends with someone that she didn ' t like because er you you know mm you ' re
82. mm um but we managed it fine completely fine to the point where the md was like a bit worried about saying something to her and i was like why? well i know that she ' s your friend and i was like bullshit mm we both had made such a point to keep it so professional mm there ' s no way you could ' ve pulled that string i was like absolute bullshit mm cos our
84. you know the year she was in there she was in there with that hot spencer oh yeah and he ' s er he worked on the punts in ah my friend he ' s friends with my friend and er he was working the punts and he said oh er yeah i ' m i ' m working the punts in and she said oh where ' s? and er he said oh and he
95. down we have no further details than that yeah and then it was like go she got back from the pub and then she said something like oh yeah i was at the pub with my friend like my friend and no was that? i don ' t know i think it was a different i think it was work whoever she is right and friend dara came along from mock the week and was like oh wow
99. bit dull actually i y you would have to you can ' t do that like em in one stint yeah because it would for one thing actually require very significant physical fitness well yeah well my friend my friend did it and he was like kinda physical phy it it was weird and i was like physically fit and so was he but he was destroyed because of some he had crazy like sort of chest issues that
103. they got back together after their big break up and what have you and blah blah blah yeah and then all of a sudden she ' s she through facebook reconnects with this guy who was her friend from school okay turns out he ' s living in london great so they meet up they live in they when she goes to london they have a great time he comes to oxford they have a great time er
104. ##ative mm so is that the guy who was there tonight? yes so erm and and he gets on with the kids like i think it ' s just like you know he ' s just my friend and i ' ve got that ' s fine yeah yeah erm and then when she came back in that ' s why i was a bit like okay erm cos obviously it looked like she '
105. you know friends like you and me that are willing to travel and my clan and you know obviously but i ' d never know what to class he ' s not family and he ' s not a friend so he ' s your boyfriend oh he ' s my boyfriend oh damn it boyf i still get have to get used to that the boyf i think i have mini panic attacks every time i think
106. i ' m not re you know something isn ' t working he ' s like no i agree something really isn ' t working but he turned around and said but i would still like to be your friend cos i actually don ' t have many friends in i was like that ' s fine you know like i ' m happy to be your friend i don ' t find it awkward you know like that
107. and said but i would still like to be your friend cos i actually don ' t have many friends in i was like that ' s fine you know like i ' m happy to be your friend i don ' t find it awkward you know like that ' s why i said to him i was like do you still want to go to this comedy thing together? cos we booked it when we
109. i ' ll come out and meet your friends you know like we ' ll get a taxi back together it ' ll be really fun and i was like yeah this is my best like this is my friend i genuinely felt like i was losing her cos all she does is sit in her bedroom and talk to her boyfriend and it ' s just it ' s so nice to think that like you now that
110. you know give up our lives that we were having yes maybe less gallivanting for me would be good mm but it ' s like i regularly have you know the thinking that you said to your friend which was you know if i broke up with would my friendships still be the same? yeah it ' s kind of well actually you ' ve got to put the work in yeah like you know and it
111. sticky toffee pudding i love sticky toffee pudding so much oh my god oh my word thank you thank you yeah but i mean like there are days when we feel more like your best friend than your like boyfriend but you know and yeah of course yeah i ' ve still got a lot to learn and he ' s still got a lot learn but actually you know i think it ' s more
112. is just making like make putting it out there so yeah how how do people find it works works best by organising a bit of an event like come along and and talks or just having lunch with a friend or something like that? most of them are just having lunch with a friend or like a family putting it on while they ' re they having dinner or something yeah yes i mean we don ' t ever
113. find it works works best by organising a bit of an event like come along and and talks or just having lunch with a friend or something like that? most of them are just having lunch with a friend or like a family putting it on while they ' re they having dinner or something yeah yes i mean we don ' t ever listen to the recordings so it ' s they they kind of come in and
119. their association or connection with something perceptibly positive i don ' t know i just thought throw that out there mm yeah yeah yeah yeah mm well so people wouldn ' t want to be a friend not on the off chance that you would get money but just because you ' ve got a high - end social status than you did ten minutes before yeah because you ' ve got some money mm hoora
120. dot com? how ' s twitter? it ' s okay mm where the fuck is it? ' s beaten me at words with friends wow have you? words with word with fr may the best friend win ah who ' s who ' s the better friend? okay that ' s what we ' re judging here by the way do i want push notifications is it gonna be that good or? yeah
121. okay mm where the fuck is it? ' s beaten me at words with friends wow have you? words with word with fr may the best friend win ah who ' s who ' s the better friend? okay that ' s what we ' re judging here by the way do i want push notifications is it gonna be that good or? yeah really it ' s your go i saw that word i
123. we went to ' s and came and then me and him and were having this huge snowball fight outside and like the day was so magical so much fun that at the end of the day my friend was like i feel like i took ecstasy you know it felt like one of those days when you ' re like? but did you the night before? no we were we just felt like high because we
125. you yeah see look i i ' m like i ' m like set yeah yyyyou used to be you guys a woman you ' re transgender so they can ' t attack you as a friend group you guys have set me for like so you erm do you guys identify as males? yes yes er i guess i don ' t understand the question kind of i don ' t know why would
126. t figure out which one ' s about me no oh yeah can you not? no i know i looked at that and i couldn ' t figure out any of it no other than his like one friend wasn ' t he? oh fuck knows but i i don ' t think she finished all of them he goes he ' s tired so he did like cos he got like nineteen likes but he didn
128. your attendance psychology the you scan your library card in uhu and so they ' ll know if you haven ' t been and then biology you sign you do a sign in sheet if i had a friend i would sign in for them if i knew that they weren ' t there yeah i ' d be like yeah i ' ve got you but no we don ' t get registered in for our lectures we
129. worn so when she like i don ' t know but we get on really well mm it ' s only very rarely that someone walks past me and i think mm they smell nice you reckon your best friend wears the same perfume as your mum? is that the essence of this conversation? yeah okay just general in but general people don ' t really smell nice do they? no there ' s there ' s
134. get one cadaver every year yeah take the remnants of everything that we haven ' t used it chuck it in the incinerator so he gives this bag to this guy called a friend of a friend he takes like this hessian bag to the incinerator yeah curiosity gets the better of him and he opens it up and he has a look inside and he sees have i told you this? no
137. generates a class oone a and you can do your erm companies house your com what ' s that? how e how old did twenty - three good old facebook that ' s mum ' s friend her face has come up at twenty - two three years age of age oh i should be er what should i be then? twenty - year - old sixty - three sixty - three? yeah that '
138. to the gym now i won ' t be able to eat it no i want to eat it now you are very demanding aren ' t you sometimes? go to the gym with as a as a friend aren ' t you are you go are you going to the gym? a friend of somebody who ' s not actually a member and let ' s hope they don ' t cotton on yes i ' ll
139. to eat it now you are very demanding aren ' t you sometimes? go to the gym with as a as a friend aren ' t you are you go are you going to the gym? a friend of somebody who ' s not actually a member and let ' s hope they don ' t cotton on yes i ' ll er photocopy my wage slip and say you are a new addition to ee
145. nearly like we went swimming and like at one in the morning and we we went swe went skinny dipping no not with him like you know like at midnight or whatever like me and and ' s friend our friend the three of us and like went skinny - dipping and it was all like really fun and whatever in the ocean and then we came back this was in? or? and no no no no
146. we went swimming and like at one in the morning and we we went swe went skinny dipping no not with him like you know like at midnight or whatever like me and and ' s friend our friend the three of us and like went skinny - dipping and it was all like really fun and whatever in the ocean and then we came back this was in? or? and no no no no in ireland
151. m in a different country goodbye don ' t contact me again i had a message today from an ex friend who i hadn ' t spoken to in a while it ' s actually well a sort of friend this is who lives in australia and i went and stayed with him a little bit in twenty thirteen uhu erm and a little bit into the year twenty - fourteen so i haven ' t really well
154. of if you ' re such a cheapskate you ' re refusing to go and buy a bunch of flowers to give to a friend in need whose mum ' s died then you ' re no friend of mine oh my god like what? what a drama queen so this is all on whatsapp erm or viber or whatever uhu free free messaging erm so yeah i ' m messaging
155. for months and then got a message today sorry to hear terry wogan ' s died i thought of you kiss kiss kiss like nothing ' s happened person to be associated with i know when my good friend terry wogan well you know i yeah did like terry wogan of course but yeah i just thought that ' s a little bit on the random side so uhu that is random yeah people who i
156. won ' t be recaptured i sort of feel a yeah exactly betrayal in a lot of ways uhu but it seemed quite illogical and irrational to me when he said oh you ' re not my friend mm all over the flower incident yeah but er yes and he deleted lots and lots of people from facebook and yeah didn ' t talk to them wow i managed to survive you survived the cull i did
160. whole lot comes and and you have to oh restring it completely mm i know one of the chaps at the tennis club does does only charge ten pounds which is nice he ' s ' s friend and then but the other guy that does restringing who we hadn ' t used before just happened to be there when broke his string so just gave it to him but he is fifteen pounds erm
162. the next er few days yeah i might go into an hermit mode yeah but that ' s it fair enough yeah so i won ' t stalk you too much no being respectful of my you as my friend but if you wanna grab a coffee or yeah go to the pictures or yeah go to or you know you just wanna i ' m not stalking you but would you like to come yeah exactly five hundred miles
166. you got a bit carried away of you really love it yeah definitely mm man alive i think i ' m going to be a granny or is that the same one? no that ' s just a friend ah who is a twin by the way so if you see two people at the same same place i can ' t tell them apart can you? no no one of them used to have red hair i
167. usually have yoghurt with oat bran in but i forgot my yoghurt do you know what i listened to yesterday on the tele it wasn ' t on the tele m my friend related to me off the tele? basically a banana a tin of tuna and a yoghurt takes fifty - five minutes to burn off what? yeah a yoghurt a banana and a tin
169. work speed for breakfast is that normal? em she used to be a it would work it works look e used they used to sell it they used to ba my my friends dad when i was my friend ' s mum when we were sixteen we used to do speed and his mu a mu his mum sort of liked clocked she goes are you two on speed? and we were we got all nervous do
173. ##s and her daughter who is staying for a month because they ' ve decided to move over here to england okay there was also and today and yesterday who sleep over at weekends so who ' s? friend of ' s yeah and then had you know one or two friends like that were just round and it was like oh i need need to get out of here now she ' s a forty - year -
174. at home in and like i ' m hardly ever there really like yeah so i ' m like when me and do spend time together we have to schedule in time together to spend as like like good friend like yeah i remember you saying yeah cos like this week so this week what have i done? erm monday i was at ' s because it was her last day mm yep tuesday i went running
175. ' s not my job erm but all i expect you to do and all i ask you to do is respect that person mm and appreciate and understand how much that person means to me as a friend and how much yeah they have been there to for me as a friend and it was like you know it was quite easy think of the box you know and it was that kind of thing like i wi
176. and all i ask you to do is respect that person mm and appreciate and understand how much that person means to me as a friend and how much yeah they have been there to for me as a friend and it was like you know it was quite easy think of the box you know and it was that kind of thing like i wi was like you know but you know like yes that she is one the
177. said to i was like you know cos er you know i was in a position where i i thought one of his friends was a complete twat really? and told him not as in his friend mm but told and got really defensive and i was like well think of it like it wasn ' t once i got to realise that that was him mm and er you know cos it was the guy
178. was him mm and er you know cos it was the guy in i don ' t know you might not remember the story who kind of said oh yeah i slept with my ex ' s best friend or whatever and it was like what? like what a dick it ' s the lowest er pretty much and he ' d said er i ' d never met him before yeah and then it was like oh
179. somebody ' s intimidated by that it ' s jit ' s just let them be i mean i know that at certain points i was like wow yeah okay but it never stopped me from being your friend or talking to you that ' s what ' s the people who know me the closest i was like like what said after she said that she goes like when i first met you i could probably understand why
180. advisors don ' t they? well i they they do but what why put someone in that position who doesn ' t know about it? you know you should be the most because they ' re your friend qualified person yeah that well that ' s it isn ' t it? where you want with them or you play tennis with him oh what was he thinking? i don ' t think they were gonna back
181. ##mil yeah i mean he don ' t really know properly who i am now no no sometimes you ' re his wife sometimes you ' re his mother yeah sometimes i think you ' re just his friend yeah i don ' t he doesn ' t honestly know who i am he did at first yeah he asked me and if you are coming did he? oh did he? i can ' t remember what
182. ' s pity me there ' s um what ' s the other good one? i can ' t remember but er there ' s some classic names suck me off ville? no er i had a friend who lived in pity me though of course you did ah hyundai it ' s the my only association with hyundai is now the tim minchin song where he um i if he really loves me um you '
184. it maybe so that ' s coming out out mm i mean do you think there ' s some people who kind of yeah have like a flat in london? yeah quite a few but probably not yeah friend ' s dad had a flat in london and he stayed in it one time erm yeah yeah yeah it was water actually erm i find it difficult to believe that a chairman of the water company '
187. of the sorry i can ' t do it now where ' s he from kevin mccloud? i don ' t know i couldn ' t even tell you how he sounds to be honest my friend so a friend ' s worked on the erm louis theroux a very soft he ' s got a very soft kind of bumberly bumberling bumber kind of voice yeah a friend
188. i can ' t do it now where ' s he from kevin mccloud? i don ' t know i couldn ' t even tell you how he sounds to be honest my friend so a friend ' s worked on the erm louis theroux a very soft he ' s got a very soft kind of bumberly bumberling bumber kind of voice yeah a friend tried to work
189. so a friend ' s worked on the erm louis theroux a very soft he ' s got a very soft kind of bumberly bumberling bumber kind of voice yeah a friend tried to work with us erm oh oh wow maybe if he grew a beard might look a bit more like a badass yeah they ' re l they ' re lovers again what ' s your friend
190. tried to work with us erm oh oh wow maybe if he grew a beard might look a bit more like a badass yeah they ' re l they ' re lovers again what ' s your friend working on? er yeah er louis theroux impression and it ' s just like it ' s just really bad he can ' t he can ' t do it that ' s a tough one to
191. what ' s with the weird woman in the background? she ' s like a servant isn ' t she she looks like yeah have you seen the central perk ' s opened on? yeah my friend the same guy who ' s doing the louis theroux impression he ' s doing a funny thing er erm like so ssay ssay oon on social media that erm s that central
194. start driving isn ' t it? well they ' re probably not home very much to learn or they ' re just too chilled so wait how many people from germany were there? was it just one friend? no no no no other people? it was like loads it was about this was so weird like from there was about tw mm twenty maybe like fifteen people who live in in s these mountains and
195. in in s these mountains and they all went to the same school and they ' ve all ended up in just completely coincidentally oh right okay like it ' s so weird so like who ' s the friend ' s house i went to and then who ' s he was at and he ' s gone to and i knew him at when i was there and then when i went to for erasmus he was like
196. went to and then who ' s he was at and he ' s gone to and i knew him at when i was there and then when i went to for erasmus he was like oh my best friend ' s in and that ' s oh okay so like it ' s so it ' s like such a small world so when i went to spain he was there was there and then like loads of other
198. say that you know he still has an excellent relationship with his wife ex - wife yeah and you know er she was a hugely important person in his life and still is yeah i mean his his best friend is her brother yeah you know because they ' ve know each other for such a long time oh really? yeah god they ' re a very very tight - knit kkind of family you know so er
199. ? so that ' s what he ' s done he goes straight to the top fabulous well that ' s what he needs it seems like a very good a very good way of doing things a good friend to have yeah but mm whether anything will come from the well you ' ll just h have to be positive hopefully one day i mean it does sound incredibly promising mm but erm i don ' t know
202. a shame it ' s just isn ' t it really well i i know there ' s a few unfortunately there ' s one girl friend of mine who ' s actually cos she is quite a friend of mine but she ' s but she before i knew her i have to say she actually targeted a guy who was wealthy married him and divorced him in two years and took half his money blimey
206. when did he have it done? mm he ' s thirtyish if you why have you asked him if he regrets it? yeah told him it ' s a mess sure he ' s your best friend did he ask your opinion? mm no what do you think of my tattoo? no pretty horrible i said how old were you when you had the? that oh that ' s an old man ' s
208. last summer honestly this is a true story yeah no last christmas my friend came to stay yeah and mum said how how ' s your family? and she got really upset do you remember? and my friend started crying and leapt off the sofa and went and sat on her lap the minute she started crying oh i think she ' s got some special powers mm mm mm do you remember that? mm right shall
215. i was gonna go for caves i ' d go jungle mm or forest but they ' re quite similar it is jungle it is jungle it ' s jungle no i almost i still have an intuition my friend that played that oh this one this one is enough in the public knowledge well no it ' s not but how many rows of aliens are there usually at the start of a space invaders game? oh oh
216. ' ve only really got one er how big ' s your tv? it ' s really small oh you not interested in not interested in i ' ve only really got one er sort of very close friend erm i ' m afraid i can ' t tell you who they are but er i have got a close er close friend mm and er but that ' s that ' s all the rest of the
217. interested in i ' ve only really got one er sort of very close friend erm i ' m afraid i can ' t tell you who they are but er i have got a close er close friend mm and er but that ' s that ' s all the rest of the time i you know i i just keep myself to myself okay well the offer ' s there not rich or famous then? no
219. s always the mob i yeah it ' s the mob you ' re making a big mistake ooh well what can i say? i ' m just so so sad to of lost a dear dear friend and all i can think of it must have been these freeloaders sat here next to me who were taking taking taking for years oh there ' s just there ' s no need no talent bleeding him
220. money business business control don ' t need the money darling he was one of my best friends why would i take him away to get the money i don ' t need? this is different his oldest friend is here as i know there ' s a difference between money and power you are the oldest i don ' t need the power i ' m the second most successful fashion designer in history second who was the
224. t know how to describe it she just doesn ' t really care if she doesn ' t know you right what was the the what was that funny example you said? er it ' s just a friend of mine my friend was like so how long have you known? and she w i was with and she was just like ask shit somebody asked her that she ' s like ask him anyway ciao cia
225. describe it she just doesn ' t really care if she doesn ' t know you right what was the the what was that funny example you said? er it ' s just a friend of mine my friend was like so how long have you known? and she w i was with and she was just like ask shit somebody asked her that she ' s like ask him anyway ciao ciao il conto
226. with the open mouth and eyes like yeah see i thought that was an english one me too english? yeah yeah i thought the that was you doing like that was like eastenders or something er your your friend eastenders? ' s different that ' s different you can do that one go on do yeah yeah you what you don ' t you don ' t like that that ' s really good don ' t encourage
227. like they ' re living with ' s mum and said the first time he met and they were talking for like a whole evening or whatever that he thought that was like the kid of er like a friend that she lived with i thought she had like a flatmate with a kid woah just the way she was like just from like the talking about er that ' s amazing she was like don ' t
231. don ' t know much about her first husband at all in fact i know nothing i don ' t even know his name er iironically ' s name is middle name is but named after your friend after yeah not him yeah that just turned out to be a coincidence yeah his name was spelt with an e yeah and er so how long had they been married when you met mum? oh about a
232. because you know we were taking our relationship to the next level yeah yeah so i kind of wanted to be honest yeah lo and behold that girl who we hadn ' t seen for ages now my other friend is with so when i come to bright i visited brighton last year to see he ' s with her er oh dear so it all came out cos i ' d only told about her a couple of
233. i ' d i was just trying to keep everybody happy but obviously you you someone was gonna get upset mm and so she then confessed to er something that would happen when i ' ve gone with my friend and that was it as soon as i heard that i completely turned it around it ' s like oh i was like the moral high ground where is it? and then suddenly like oh there it is i
236. their own relationships that ' s that thing is if you see people in couples cos you ' re couples er although your single friends it it becomes a bit difficult erm definitely erm because your friend is still in a relationship and he ' s going well i can see you like every now and again but like i can ' t be seeing you four or five times a week no because i ' m
254. like london prices isn ' t it? it ' s cheaper than london my friends my friends paying my friends in is paying fifteen hundred a month seven fifty? yeah so she pays seven fifty and her friend pays seven fifty so the area then is is is just expensive yeah i couldn ' t get there was one for seven hundred but there was no fridge no cooker no yeah it is it is the make
255. forgot that have you? yeah you do don ' t you? yeah oh god ' s been really behaved hasn ' t he? yeah he ' s been really good he ' s got an imaginary friend out there at the moment i think what was he like when he was? he was hyper wasn ' t he? yeah really hyper mum hyped up slow motion or whatever this is no i '
256. s only round the corner so she can come round ours she ' s literally around the corner mm i ' ll probably see dad either tod i mea if comes tomorrow then i ' ll see my friend be like the only friend i ' ve got around now if he doesn ' t then i ' ll go to dad ' s tomorrow otherwise i ' ll go to dad ' s on wednesday so i '
257. so she can come round ours she ' s literally around the corner mm i ' ll probably see dad either tod i mea if comes tomorrow then i ' ll see my friend be like the only friend i ' ve got around now if he doesn ' t then i ' ll go to dad ' s tomorrow otherwise i ' ll go to dad ' s on wednesday so i ' m going to see dad
261. then sodding off toothbrush facewash shampoo huh all of it is this your ex - girlfriend that ' s gonna do your hair? yeah and has she got a new boyfriend? yeah your friend? yeah i ' m only doing it for free haircuts sorry? i ' m only doing it for free haircuts okay and she only lives round the corner so why not? num
263. side could you could you pick up on it? like could you tell? no i couldn ' t i couldn ' t tell i i you know i he reminds me of um oh yeah ' s friend yeah he reminds me of um he seemed pretty forward not forward in a he ' s a nice guy he chats to everybody scary way you know yeah he he ' s not afraid of yeah saying hi
264. ten quid for it i ' m gonna finish it yeah oh fuck yeah oh i need a thank you man for er well i i know you ' re like you ' re no one ' s friend as well for what? but like you ' ve really been there a lot for me when i when i ' ve needed it and er it ' s fine in this situation i i really enjoy it like
266. ' t know really why she always asks she asks me a lot about like yeah she she ' s like she ' s like so in your so your friends at home who would you call your best friend? and i ' m like er no i ' m like i dunno oh whatever no no i don ' t say it to her you you just like i say oh no no you ' re such
267. stuff like that she she ask she like gets me to rank you all can i get a tie? no what? never? no what? oh i i ' ve been i guess ' s best friend cos you expect it cos you yeah but i ' ve i ' ve said that i guess now because you ' re here because you ' re too big - headed about it all so i have
269. was o he came over here actually i watched him on some of the english shows and erm and by the end of it his last one he went on steven colbert ' s like show obviously his friend so it was nice and then steven started asking him questions and then jon was just like no steven what are you doing? and steven was just like well i have to ask you these questions and jon was
270. austria hungary he that ' s two separate countries you know that? he was in one of them right and he and he was austrian and then right and erm so he roamed with his best friend but then that er he he wanted to join the army so he tried to join the army but cos he wasn ' t ready and fit erm they wouldn ' t let him in but then war
271. they were just stronger than everyone else so he just made that bit up himself? i think so yeah was that like a bit of a thought? or he ' s or he might have had a friend that was like blonde and blue eyes was he gay? no i don ' t think so i thought he was hitler really? it ' s like you know thinking that could be because he ' s so
272. balls? that ' s quite shocking imagine how painful that would be like the recovery imagine trying to have sex with that afterwards imagine not tryitrying not to get a boner i remember my friend got a cos boners have guys have like boner four times a night you have operation on a penis you can ' t get a boner for a long time you get a boner four
275. ##ball lesbian experiences have always been with the same person actually that ' s a lie i ' ve had several multiple experiences but the same girl every time i feel like that you told him who? my friend diamonds are forever could said it quite recently er but what ' s even more awkward we should play i wanna learn things about you two i hardly know anything actually i do as well this is like the perfect
276. back on sounds stupid but shall i press it once? do it as many times until it comes on okay if if just come back here if it doesn ' t work is this his girlfriend or his friend? she ' s so ugly that is true i like how they cut her off when she was saying yeah i know are we gonna play a game? cos if not i ' m gonna go to
277. yeah a couple a couple yeah i would say no but i i know a few people from home actually who are freshers haven ' t seen them they ' re in here? yeah oh right my friend i wouldn ' t say they were like close friends they ' re friends but mm dunno just would you tell them to down it? would they listen? probably not no i think if i just saying
278. go to the the pub to find erm when they first meet aragorn yeah and erm one of them comes back with like a pint oh yeah what ' s that? that my friend is a pint they serve it in pints? i ' m getting one you ' ve got a whole half already just i dunno why well it ' s fantastic yeah no cos i think
280. ? that ' s my number okay well one second and i just need to write one more number okay zero erm i ' m still getting used to this thing yes you ' re not really a friend with phones are you? no i don ' t really like phones you get that off of me four two three two erm save to people this is a touch one as well thinking that so it '
281. s the house in which my father lives yeah these connectors they ' re relative pronouns he replaces them all with what that ' s the man what my father knows that ' s the house what my friend lives in he replaces them all with what every single one of them he says a a lot of things erm he uses erm he could be your erm personal pronouns incorrectly as well he could be
285. ' ll get a bishop i says you might get the first lady bishop isn ' t there already a bishop of then? that was oh yeah it that ' s just it big er i say big friend of our ' s where ' s he fr? so where ' s he based then? must be at the cathedral? well yeah no he often went up way mm and it ' s sort of come
294. hangout with is that a real name? i don ' t know man said ' s been in the army has he? yeah he has to he ' s israeli yeah it ' s like my friend she ' s israeli she was in the army for like a year she was like secret like intelligence service oh you can ' t like it ' s all like you can ' t not do it she got
296. and like it was like ten am in the morning and went to get some beer he ' s like oh i better take my fake id and like looked about the house i ' d forgotten it my friend just looked at me like what? are you fucking kidding me? how old is he? but the funny thing about that is actually forgot it after all that and when i went downstairs to the ge del
298. s just like make sure we have coca - cola zero like okay yeah take care of that got it got loads of coca - cola zero castle there ' s a castle is that the one that your friend ' s getting? no friend ' s one ' s in where ' s? i ' ve been there dunno where is it? in? that ' s where that ' s where the house at
299. have coca - cola zero like okay yeah take care of that got it got loads of coca - cola zero castle there ' s a castle is that the one that your friend ' s getting? no friend ' s one ' s in where ' s? i ' ve been there dunno where is it? in? that ' s where that ' s where the house at when i was a kid i
304. i ' m just like you have to finish this did and like i can ' t wait to be able to lose my shit on him he ' s where did you meet him? you know my friend? there ' s like his how do you how do you find them? no but it ' s like i ' ve known him for years but i was never really like friends with him it ' s
305. find them? no but it ' s like i ' ve known him for years but i was never really like friends with him it ' s like ' s wife he ' s like her old school friend and he was always one of those like cos he used to work at he had like really good jobs he always struck me as a pothead yeah he ' s like he totally is and he '
308. what was it? ah i don ' t want to say it out loud man it ' s just like this like awful like matey language like trying to be your mate yeah trying to be your friend trying to be your friend back of an innocent smoothie yeah like innocent smoothie i still think that like no age hashtag no age limit is the funniest shit in the world that ' s
309. i don ' t want to say it out loud man it ' s just like this like awful like matey language like trying to be your mate yeah trying to be your friend trying to be your friend back of an innocent smoothie yeah like innocent smoothie i still think that like no age hashtag no age limit is the funniest shit in the world that ' s not on there though it
311. of warcraft oh my god it ' s like i can ' t remember how much it is but it ' s like something like sixty thousand years or something my friend went to like well not my friend my brother ' s friend went to like to just before christmas like go somewhere on like a gap trip gap year trip to for like two months gap trip and he said they came back and they all got
313. empires so they obviously went over like that colonial shit was well good and they ' re all like really into playing age of empires and then spent all christmas just playing it i once went to like my friend who was like well it wasn ' t my friend he was the guy who fixed my mac but i was quite fascinated by him for a while cos he was like such a dude he was really into
314. was well good and they ' re all like really into playing age of empires and then spent all christmas just playing it i once went to like my friend who was like well it wasn ' t my friend he was the guy who fixed my mac but i was quite fascinated by him for a while cos he was like such a dude he was really into warcraft and erm he had like two tickets
315. ##summate anything in the fifteenth century that would be well wicked it ' s like last time we came well not last time we came on a road trip here with the money it was really fun my friend we just drove down snoozed at we didn ' t even get out of the car just snoozed in the car and drove back that ' s like when we went on that fishing
317. say is rubbish that ' s very true you know i ' m joking anywhos erm i went out i went i came down to on wednesday yeah? yeah oh my goodness me and my friend like we was so drunk like what we was feeling like nice drunk you know like when you ' re so happy it just makes you feel amazing we made a friend on the bus this portuguese man he was
318. yeah oh my goodness me and my friend like we was so drunk like what we was feeling like nice drunk you know like when you ' re so happy it just makes you feel amazing we made a friend on the bus this portuguese man he was listening to us sing on the bus right when we was in the queue we made some friend with this girl erm i forgot where she said she ' s from
319. ' re so happy it just makes you feel amazing we made a friend on the bus this portuguese man he was listening to us sing on the bus right when we was in the queue we made some friend with this girl erm i forgot where she said she ' s from erm birmingham no wait wait wait can i just ask is this why you wasn ' t in class on thursday? yeah i was
331. tin? didid it come in a tin or a box? box box probably ate that as well yeah these are cadbury ' s i ate the menu so you bought the same jumper as your friend? not this one a different one yeah yeah man no no shame i don ' t think i ' ll ever grow out of that it just saves you the the trouble of like try what one have you
335. try them all i know when i see inside that one in particular sorry about that don ' t normally take people ' s half eaten food out of their hand without asking them are you looking for your friend ' s email? yeah it ' s funny look we may need to make a road trip will come from i want to make something fun but to stay on the beach will be the best idea what do
341. more free samples kind of but but that girl who works in the thing next door w tried it and then bought some the girl who works next door? ah won ' t count she ' s my friend four quid fuck she ' s supposed to get a discount i s i gave it to her for three quid erm anyway what was the other? did you see that girl came in asking for
345. you know them nice you should have heard him crunching them oh yeah like cat biscuits yeah yes yeah yeah they don ' t hold back do they? and then no and then he he brought a friend oh yes that was a a nice it was a lightish grey yeah with a a fair bit of white on it yes you you know it was really but he didn ' t come in did he?
352. ##hm doesn ' t it i mean i think violence and badly swearing upsets children cer certainly does my grand - daughter but anything like we ' ve been in my house my flat and s my friend and um the you know they ' re all round there and they ' re talking adult really which is bad i don ' t do it but er flipping my friend who lives in a flat er er she
356. you know that for a fact? yeah i ' m sure i ' ve heard her say that she ' s not if she was i ' m sure she ' d have come up as a suggested friend cos we ' ve both got her phone number yeah how much does it say on the things? it three sixty so that ' s what? thirty - six pound about forty pound? yeah they don
357. tomorrow yep let me give teeny weeny a ring she ' ll no way to talk about your friend talk about her let ' s go want any help a second please? yes i love that picture there love the oh yeah peas into there yeah and keep the water i ' m going to fry an egg
359. on earth not on earth just just in england just on this island i ' d live with that that ' d be pretty shit cos they ' d kill me pretty quick and his tall man tall friend tall friend tallest man yeah i ' d turn up and they ' d be like fucking hell they ' d see you be like fucking what ' s going on there? steve merchant what ' s happening here
360. not on earth just just in england just on this island i ' d live with that that ' d be pretty shit cos they ' d kill me pretty quick and his tall man tall friend tall friend tallest man yeah i ' d turn up and they ' d be like fucking hell they ' d see you be like fucking what ' s going on there? steve merchant what ' s happening here? fucking
365. and the bit at the end with the face mm and it ' s like oh yeah it ' s a really twisted film and the scary thing is that the mum looks just like ' s mum my friend really? she is honestly spitting image oh my god and it kind of scared me for a bit cos i was like oh my god i ' m your other mother you look so much like her oh
366. okay when we do you know at all? no i don ' t know it no i thought you may not cos it ' s i ' ve been with mum and it did mum have a friend down there somewhere? no i don ' t know perhaps not perhaps i ' m wrong no i don ' t think mum does perhaps does yeah have i been to before then? your flowers are looking nice
367. close i thought you worked in mcdonald ' s cos i used to work there and that ' s what we used to say close i thought you were a fellow maccy like oh no my greasy friend yeah that ' s me it ' s your new greasy friend yeah don ' t ever work in mcdonald ' s your greasy friend it ' s such a shit job i loved your slippers as well why
368. used to work there and that ' s what we used to say close i thought you were a fellow maccy like oh no my greasy friend yeah that ' s me it ' s your new greasy friend yeah don ' t ever work in mcdonald ' s your greasy friend it ' s such a shit job i loved your slippers as well why is his eyes closed? i feel bad for him i know
369. close i thought you were a fellow maccy like oh no my greasy friend yeah that ' s me it ' s your new greasy friend yeah don ' t ever work in mcdonald ' s your greasy friend it ' s such a shit job i loved your slippers as well why is his eyes closed? i feel bad for him i know he actually he can ' t see anymore that ' s so bad
370. ? pardon? nice to see her again? not really did you talk about the party? were doing my head in just because he ' s dying doesn ' t mean i have to be his best friend i know that sounds awful but you know what i mean who were it that said he was just trying to impress me were it you or you? what? trying to what? trying to impress me?
377. soon apparently it feels really good under the shower a bald head it ' s called guys never do it please please oh yeah would get so much kudos probably just keep keep the beard oh oh our friend all your hair on your body except the oh i ' m begging you guys please don ' t no don ' t honestly don ' t if anyone ' s gonna do it it ' s gonna be i
378. well i haven ' t seen it the bullshit he died man i found that who gives a fuck? gives a fuck i know and who? like so many people pretend that they ' re his best friend like oh telling you like i can ' t wait i can ' t wait till your birthday now c huh? what? what? you say that like you ' re annoyed man that ' s imagine you
379. we went to the n place where this where she ' d been and i thought i bet it ' s her we ' re picking up now and sure enough out she comes from the place ah my friend hello hello hello can you hold a stick? and can you? can you hold my coat and then i can perhaps see if i can ' t manage to cos she was a big woman ccan
380. ##y ones now and do they? they were on top gear there was this they called it the er mm the asbo cos it was this bright orange thing oh what was that? ' s friend they top they what? top gear called the for the ford focus the asbo oh you know antantisocial behaviour erm oh yeah cos it was a bit of a a bit of a
384. you said oh yeah like there ' s gonna be ruh ruh so it was you who said that about it not being legal i am no i was no no cos um i remember my friend it was only ambiguous if you ' d have thought of the other meaning which you did i remember me friend who was my friend when i was like seven it ' s not a limerick is it? could
385. about it not being legal i am no i was no no cos um i remember my friend it was only ambiguous if you ' d have thought of the other meaning which you did i remember me friend who was my friend when i was like seven it ' s not a limerick is it? could try and make you one yeah go for it um i once knew a girl called i remember i remember my
386. legal i am no i was no no cos um i remember my friend it was only ambiguous if you ' d have thought of the other meaning which you did i remember me friend who was my friend when i was like seven it ' s not a limerick is it? could try and make you one yeah go for it um i once knew a girl called i remember i remember my friend i remember my
387. was my friend when i was like seven it ' s not a limerick is it? could try and make you one yeah go for it um i once knew a girl called i remember i remember my friend i remember my friend um yearn earn learn who real really often did yearn yeah for a drink that was fizzy oh right ooh that ' s a ooh you ' ve you you '
388. i was like seven it ' s not a limerick is it? could try and make you one yeah go for it um i once knew a girl called i remember i remember my friend i remember my friend um yearn earn learn who real really often did yearn yeah for a drink that was fizzy oh right ooh that ' s a ooh you ' ve you you ' ve restricted your uh
391. right decision cos ' s a complete cunt and i never use that word but he seriously is erm yeah just she has no one here to support her like hope she ' s made a friend somewhere i hope i should think she has well you ' d hope so i hope so in though not really sure like mm true the calibre of friends you would have up there maybe a work friend
392. somewhere i hope i should think she has well you ' d hope so i hope so in though not really sure like mm true the calibre of friends you would have up there maybe a work friend who ' s not from yep i ' m so horrible but yeah no yeah just to have your boyfriend of like a year let ' s say turn round and tell you to go home like harsh that '
393. ##cied me mm erm and it was like a swoon moment you know like in one of those teen films and it was like oh and then i was then i had him and his best friend fighting over me and i was like ooh ooh ooh mm i love it when that happens then we went into sixth - form and they all stayed friends with me and then there was three of
394. like some of them if they found out that i ' d fancied them then it wasn ' t nice like it wasn ' t oh wow fancies me it was like weird cos my friend fancies me do you know what i mean? mm and i remember this guy called tom stanton and the worst insult i ever got was we were in year nine and he found out that i fancie
398. college and met new people there and i wor i started working at the bakery in town so i met new people there which is where i met will my last ex way back when and my best friend at the time and we used to go out drinking all the time and i had no confidence whatsoever er and it i think even now that this had a quite long - lasting effect because i don ' t
399. her and i was like what the fuck are you talking about? well yeah but that but you would say that like she she compared to you well no because you think that because you ' re my friend and no no no because if you were to just look at the two of us like i ' m more i always look a mess my hair is always mental my fa i never wear any make - up
402. family are yeah same with you really yeah ah cos she ' s like from like not far from me at all it ' s a small world so small innit? we only have one mutual friend though but he ' s a bit weird who? oh that is funny though like i he was in my music class and you went to like music band with him yeah that is weird yeah it ' s
408. a way of understanding etcetera just know that i ' m in a you know and so you understand the gravity of that she started messaging me if me and break up will you still be my friend? like i ' m fourteen years old yeah and it ' s all of this sort of stuff and i and she would like and i sort of said look you know i don ' t think it '
411. priority is like you don ' t know yeah i don ' t know what is the most important to you and i think you ' re being influenced by as one is by i dunno parental expectations friend ' s expectations the media and exactly what everyone thinks everyone should be doing and colleagues and going for promotion and going for a house and doing this and all that whereas actually if you want to go and fruit
412. go yeah cos basically all this stuff i mean you might find that you never come back mm or you might just be y a constant hermit a hobo a nomad a hobo actually ' friend is called for just this very reason it ' s just wait w oh as what a nickname or a real name? as a nickname yeah okay yeah but erm i dunno i can ' t remember
415. you hammered if you ' re gagging if you ' re absolutely gagging for a drink i will drink with you i ' m gonna buy you a drink too good for me you ' re my friend ah and i want to fuck you so sorry did that make you feel awkward? no horny liar i got you a light drink oh right oh we ' ve had some pretty intense discussions tonight haven '
418. yeah look do you like a maple bacon dog? no the talking job on youtube you must have seen that it ' s fantastic no in what oh what about the dog who wants a kitty as a friend? it ' s the same guy who does it have you seen that one? who says what? no way how does it the maple bacon dog how does it say what ' s in there? these
419. battery? tell me what you are doing at the moment i ' m just checking my facebook page i ' m thinking of who i ' m going to unfriend who are you going to friend? what ' s your favourite one? my favourite one erm ceilidh band? is it er actually i quite like the tweets from the zimbabwe students they ' re quite a laugh what
420. the middle east i quite like their specials oh right i don ' t like the normal program where they ' ve got side branded some star driving around airfield oh i meant to send a text because her friend her friend oh yeah selfie man yeah was on breakfast telly got selfie stick? doo doo i don ' t think so but they ' ve all got iphones you know all five of them
421. east i quite like their specials oh right i don ' t like the normal program where they ' ve got side branded some star driving around airfield oh i meant to send a text because her friend her friend oh yeah selfie man yeah was on breakfast telly got selfie stick? doo doo i don ' t think so but they ' ve all got iphones you know all five of them her kids
422. come to domino one time will you? yeah all the old folk would love you would you take and no no they will hate it just go come to cos that ' s a lot more family friend alright or prefer to go to one where there aren ' t as many people i ' m not sure would i have to play? yeah it ' s quite easy it ' s alright at there ' s
424. kid but in the adults ' eyes i can see how? would work i think it would the penguin even though we know an annoying don ' t we? erm do we? yeah ' s friend oh that that ' s a long that ' s long name though yeah i dunno jim jimmy? i dunno i ' m i ' m i wouldn ' t i ' m not feeling jimmy but
426. ski erm you get the man is ski you you get mm the the the patronymic thing yeah erm in eastern european and and yeah towards mm russia cos our our erm czech friend czech republic yeah she ' s yes and that symbolises that she keeps her father ' s surname but she ' s the wo she ' s the daughter yes yes or something so it ' s the o
428. here which here? er er there in the uk yeah yeah yeah yeah all my friends this was my third suitcase erm the people who became my friends yeah or who erm adopted me as a friend were white mm mm mm er i would be taken to their homes wow erm for sunday lunches yeah ti i had time off you know when i we had the we had days off together we i
429. read a lot of articles i have a lot of time on my hands so erm the idea that you are you you are the the the representative of i ' m not racist i have a black friend yeah yeah yeah yeah you didn ' t get that no so much from them no because as as much as anything you s because you arrived so young you were able to settle into the er and you you
430. ' s not what i ' m doing that that ' s yeah that ' s absolutely i ' m like white racists a bit icky and all yeah and colonial i now want a black yeah friend but there it ' s the kind of but i ' m black you know yeah if you want to if you want to er assimilate with a culture you need to get in with the culture and
432. so true erm it is yeah yeah er even the question of how long are you in this country? yeah uhu the way they ask it yeah yeah it just i mean gets your yeah like friend of mine erm is of indian origin he now has a british passport but he wou he travelled for work to the us a couple of times on his indian passport he ' s lived in the uk
434. suitcase turkish delight or baklava to go thank you thank you so much yeah yeah thank you so much yeah yeah yeah yeah erm yeah the person who bought my house from me who was a friend to start with right she got all of my banking stuff all of my er ou stuff everything still goes to that yeah address she yeah she has a shelf for me cos i have i i ' ve
443. a long time isn ' t it? where did she meet from school or? she met him through er cha tae kwon do in gosh but he was he ' s been a very good friend all the way through school of a lad who ' s her very best friend from school who also went to tae kwon do and the three of them have been living together for the last two years so
444. ? she met him through er cha tae kwon do in gosh but he was he ' s been a very good friend all the way through school of a lad who ' s her very best friend from school who also went to tae kwon do and the three of them have been living together for the last two years so they ' re all going their separate ways which is quite funny cos people
451. thought it was quite grown up uhu and i was like oh that ' s quite sad but i haven ' t seen anything since i ' d recommend inside out uhu it was quite funny my friend that ' s really liked it that ' s the one with all the emotions isn ' t it? yeah but no it ' s call no i ' ve be i went to see that jurassic world mm
456. the people like you spent like a good three four years with you know like yeah most of like most of your sp like spare time and stuff it ' s like so yeah like was like my best friend at uni so and they were like there at the whole time weren ' t they? yeah exactly just around the corner or whatever and then it ' s like yeah and then he gets a girlfriend and
459. yeah but so we ' re still friends and like we met up last week and we had a coffee and stuff and it ' s fine uhu and it ' s quite nice just to be his friend and then it ' s sometimes better with some people to just be friends cos i find yeah it ' s just kind of like you get to the bet sometimes a better relationship well that ' s the
460. where it starts sometimes yeah with for sort of big like we just kind of like go straight into seeing each other instead of like actually getting to know each other oh so we kind of missed the whole friend part uhu so it just there was nothing to build a relationship on oh yeah because there was no friend foundation so it was a bit pointless to be honest but it didn ' t go anywhere er and
461. other instead of like actually getting to know each other oh so we kind of missed the whole friend part uhu so it just there was nothing to build a relationship on oh yeah because there was no friend foundation so it was a bit pointless to be honest but it didn ' t go anywhere er and then i got with this other guy called a few weeks ago but he ' s a bit of a player
463. best way anyway isn ' t it? so yeah no i so you do and i book some time off then be like yeah can we go somewhere? you should so where so you you and your friend haven ' t actually decided on where you ' re going at the end of august? well somewhere somewh somewhere like on a somewhere that ' s got a beach yeah that ' s our only spain
469. you? you you just started that and then legged it i thought oh they all know exactly what he ' s like yeah so they soon got out of there so anyway he ' s got a new friend now has it ' s a new lad that ' s started in the six form called oh who apparently is very buff very strong plays football at a county or i dunno one football club yeah and he
470. a new lad that ' s started in the six form called oh who apparently is very buff very strong plays football at a county or i dunno one football club yeah and he ' s his new friend because you know? ' s gone he ' s got now don ' t mess with me i said is he a violent type? he said he d i don ' t think so but he could handle
476. so bad now cos i ' m really glad we weren ' t with her yeah because they ' re imagine she ' ll think we ' re like best friends now she thought i was her best friend in french cos i talked to her and then i realised that talking to her was a really big mistake oh just please don ' t laugh at me when i get them wrong oh my god we '
480. relations she had mm working for us and it ' s just i can ' t you know at the end of the day it ' s your profit that ' s going yeah you know yeah mm best friend she had to get rid of her best friend because she was a fiver in out a fiver was a lot of money then yeah mm and and my dad knew he was brilliant he he knew how
482. ' re like mm ninety percent of time you ' re thinking about going out and having fun and boys and all of this but he ' s not like that at all mm he ' s got lovely friend but he ' s quite a sort of innocent naive boy mm he ' s a really sweet boy i think that can happen as well if you ' re an only child of older parents and you haven '
484. northern european countries yes i think denmark in particular teachers are very well respected and germany to some extent have a female erm friend who teaches in a school in germany erm i actually have a male friend who also teaches in a school in germany and they ' re treated like civil servants mm and once they have so many years in the role they get extra tax breaks and big pensions and things like that it
485. said is that y um little girl has saved her the trouble of killing her killing her herself cos everyone else was doing it i think that ' s quite predictable yeah exactly but i assumed that the friend was gonna be killed yeah i did it was a surprisingly yeah that was a very sort of yeah this is a book for sort of children as in this is that was a very positive ending to it yes
486. that doesn ' t make sense she she could ' ve not wanted him to die but she i mean she might not be in love with him she might th he she might be a very very close friend well no but that ' s quite a step to yeah well she was willing to kill herself to avoid him dying i think that ' s sort of a serious er level of commitment no i i mean i
488. or what ' s? erm the guys who are doing the one in oh right yeah but he ' s not from i mean i ' m yeah i have a friend who is living with a friend my friend is like you can have erm well done no that ' s fine is that alright? yeah that ' s fine cheers cheers mate cheers so he was so it was er this really weird setup
489. ' s? erm the guys who are doing the one in oh right yeah but he ' s not from i mean i ' m yeah i have a friend who is living with a friend my friend is like you can have erm well done no that ' s fine is that alright? yeah that ' s fine cheers cheers mate cheers so he was so it was er this really weird setup so he
491. yeah erm and because that ' s what they say the the the people who were involved and survived it ' s not what you want to talk about yeah erm but as i said my libyan friend they they are now it was thought yeah if there ' s a post - gaddafi time because for a long time that was just not even something you can imagine mm you can go back and now he can
492. ' ve got his email because i said it ' s it ' s easier because rather than doing this yeah i can do it on the computer and i sent him the email and can copy in my friend er no but er and i er just so that he knows because the the thing is obviously if he ' s here i can say this is you go down there yeah that ' s where you do all
493. do like a favour for both of you now because i i like er she ' s a very sweet er girl and er it ' s yeah it was mm mm yeah her mum mm been my best friend since i came to this country you know? yeah and i don ' t think er yeah she ' s a very erm clever girl you know so hopefully that yeah as i said yeah er obviously you
494. ' re not they ' re not very good pets a popular breed at the moment no are they? why are they not a good pet? cos they ' re not very good house pets my friend aren ' t they? no used to have a beagle they ' re very boisterous they ' re a bit nau destructive they ' re naughty aren ' t they? oh but they '
497. mm mmonth or something like that and they yeah give it away to somebody so but it but it ' s publicity oh okay you know yeah yeah yeah erm yeah and erm to a friend to to a friend to a friend yes yes oh what a great idea and er i ' ve never and and to be honest for people who erm love their grub cos they do yeah love
498. or something like that and they yeah give it away to somebody so but it but it ' s publicity oh okay you know yeah yeah yeah erm yeah and erm to a friend to to a friend to a friend yes yes oh what a great idea and er i ' ve never and and to be honest for people who erm love their grub cos they do yeah love their grub and
499. that and they yeah give it away to somebody so but it but it ' s publicity oh okay you know yeah yeah yeah erm yeah and erm to a friend to to a friend to a friend yes yes oh what a great idea and er i ' ve never and and to be honest for people who erm love their grub cos they do yeah love their grub and like cooking yeah
502. said the time is then you get all the trees and it ' s really good i ' ve not done the states ' s been again he went down the eastern seaboard and again we have a friend of a friend a musician plays keyboards for when is on tour and lives in tulsa lives in oklahoma somewhere? he ' s a head case silver smithing from that and doors the way the em it it
503. is then you get all the trees and it ' s really good i ' ve not done the states ' s been again he went down the eastern seaboard and again we have a friend of a friend a musician plays keyboards for when is on tour and lives in tulsa lives in oklahoma somewhere? he ' s a head case silver smithing from that and doors the way the em it it it ' s
506. it down okay very easily right i like the marble you ' ve got one minute cos then we need to get on cos i need to get to my class on time could could have a friend over so did i say yesterday yes you ' ve said that a couple of times and has said to me twice the friends that she might like wha that ' s got nothing to do with you has
515. either of you did any school exchanges er in if you were doing languages at school? no i didn ' t do it then no no i went to germany twice so you you s have a pen friend mm they come and stay with you and your family yeah and you go and stay with them in mm in their family and it makes you realise that actually what you ' re taught in school you ' re
517. into the the social the seminar this morning yeah she was like hello and my first word was oh shit i haven ' t been for weeks oh my god haven ' t you? no er like my friend i i can ' t i never say her name right oh that ' s terrible but erm erm well she was like oh you finally came oh no she noticed i felt so bad that is so
518. together now? like the virgin and the father it was so cute what happened to her fiance? he lied to her because the wife of the father was having an affair with the father ' s best friend and like the fiance knew about it and didn ' t tell the virgin girl hold on were they all okay with this little situation that was occurred? what was gonna happen was like the virgin jane she was
519. like she got like like bad fiance man cos the fiance man is a police officer detective man oh lord and like he was looking for a big druggie man yeah who the father ' s best friend is connected to so that ' s why he took a photograph oh and that ' s how he knew that the wife and the best friend man were having an affair oh cos he ' s a drug
520. a big druggie man yeah who the father ' s best friend is connected to so that ' s why he took a photograph oh and that ' s how he knew that the wife and the best friend man were having an affair oh cos he ' s a druggie man oh no yeah and there ' s loads of murders there ' s been like at least two murders now oh lord well i '
522. ##ney no no the best couple is emma and emma from emma and oh i ' ve forgotten his name i ' ve forgotten his name how have i forgotten his name? the one from emma her best friend she marries her best friend in emma that ' s lovely no but the greatest guy is mr tilney from northanger abbey cos like he likes northumberland abbey? northanger abbey cos like this girl
523. couple is emma and emma from emma and oh i ' ve forgotten his name i ' ve forgotten his name how have i forgotten his name? the one from emma her best friend she marries her best friend in emma that ' s lovely no but the greatest guy is mr tilney from northanger abbey cos like he likes northumberland abbey? northanger abbey cos like this girl i ' ve forgotten her
525. that right connect it to uk pop business mm i ' ll have a look see and then we have a little bit only a little bit of time left i don ' t know cos like my friend mm mm they ' re already talking discuss and discussing dissertation ideas like we ' re supposed to be doing that like i don ' t understand why i mean we haven ' t got time yeah like ah i
527. would be in tea with a biscuit it would have to be a biscuit in tea it couldn ' t be something like this in tea no i mean my cos it would just fall apart friend my itali that ' s why they have those huge coffee cups in the morning ah yes i have italian friends who have a yes huge yes yes coffee cup yes looks more like yes soup yes bowl yes
528. re just so funny yeah the thing about sorry is me and the guys at work think of the inbetweeners like whenever someone says sorry at work now it ' s like oh sorry sorry sorry friend sorry sorry friend yeah we do that as well friends sorry friend what? cos has a friend or the guy he knows and when we were doing when we were doing a test the guy was in the
529. funny yeah the thing about sorry is me and the guys at work think of the inbetweeners like whenever someone says sorry at work now it ' s like oh sorry sorry sorry friend sorry sorry friend yeah we do that as well friends sorry friend what? cos has a friend or the guy he knows and when we were doing when we were doing a test the guy was in the other room and
530. the guys at work think of the inbetweeners like whenever someone says sorry at work now it ' s like oh sorry sorry sorry friend sorry sorry friend yeah we do that as well friends sorry friend what? cos has a friend or the guy he knows and when we were doing when we were doing a test the guy was in the other room and he was trying to wave to him and we
531. inbetweeners like whenever someone says sorry at work now it ' s like oh sorry sorry sorry friend sorry sorry friend yeah we do that as well friends sorry friend what? cos has a friend or the guy he knows and when we were doing when we were doing a test the guy was in the other room and he was trying to wave to him and we were like oh oh you ' ve
532. he knows and when we were doing when we were doing a test the guy was in the other room and he was trying to wave to him and we were like oh oh you ' ve got a friend there ooh it is wave to your friend wave to your friend i don ' t get it i found an old birthday card it goes like screaming er that ' s horrifying than that like the
533. were doing a test the guy was in the other room and he was trying to wave to him and we were like oh oh you ' ve got a friend there ooh it is wave to your friend wave to your friend i don ' t get it i found an old birthday card it goes like screaming er that ' s horrifying than that like the batteries are slowing like running out weird i think
534. the guy was in the other room and he was trying to wave to him and we were like oh oh you ' ve got a friend there ooh it is wave to your friend wave to your friend i don ' t get it i found an old birthday card it goes like screaming er that ' s horrifying than that like the batteries are slowing like running out weird i think all the just merged
535. her stuff till then yeah there was this video that went kind of viral and was like really controversial that youtuber did and i can ' t remember what it was called is it the killing my best friend pack no is it is it nicole arbor the dear people yeah that one that one oh dear fat people i came in with something like totally unrelated i think she was kind of on point though she she kind
536. maps alright and i was like i ' m really sorry i never talked about my friends really like events my friends go to events all the time so i go to yeah some people host them my my friend hosts events but they ' re terrible in this essay like ooh ooh in this essay i ' m going to analyse my friend ' s events to analyse my event hosting she got it you
537. time so i go to yeah some people host them my my friend hosts events but they ' re terrible in this essay like ooh ooh in this essay i ' m going to analyse my friend ' s events to analyse my event hosting she got it you ' re not allowed to invite she did not give out any invitations what was it? not inviting you yeah yeah where ' s the invitations
538. not know about it? yeah how do i not know about it? didn ' t send us like a invite to like? yeah i invited every one of my friends obviously i ' m not your friend allegedly is it part of like your course to er where they? no no it just no were they like erm encouraged you to create one and like ca get your own watermark? probably yeah hey
540. don ' t know that person do i? don ' t whisper what do you want? some of those mm? mm you definitely have them do i? yeah mm s he ' s ' s friend brother oh that ' s who he was i just couldn ' t place who he was oh he ' s gonna they ' re going to move out from? well he told you that he was gonna live
542. friend ' s gone to jail too though i ' ve never er i ' ve never don ' t think i ' ve ever tried them sorry? i never tried them so drugs no no but his friend went to jail too who was a passenger and i thought well that was a bit mean yeah because there wasn ' t much he could do it would be spur of the moment you know the he ' s
549. me patronise oh hadn ' t seen does anyone want wanna buy a loom band video either does anyone wanna buy a loom band? this is what happens when your mum ' s your best friend you ' re just you ' re out of the crap like he is quite close to his mother and there ' s nothing wrong with that no well a boy ' s best friend is his mother do not
550. ' s your best friend you ' re just you ' re out of the crap like he is quite close to his mother and there ' s nothing wrong with that no well a boy ' s best friend is his mother do not psycho me it ' s creepy it is isn ' t it? they ' ll look at me and say why she wouldn ' t even hharm that fly psycho ch i
551. you so you get a bit of vagina around your penis bit of vajazz bit of vajazz oh he ' s out falcao ' s fuckered which one is it my friend? he ' s fuckered and erm and he ' s smothered and drothered my left be funny if i now have to roll your shorts up how is falcao? how
552. put it on silent or something? oh wow someone is fabulous like can they put it on silent? it ' s making me jealous jealous mm mm mm oh my gosh pen pals with your friend i see your little friend came yeah it was her birthday right? it was good yeah? yeah what did we do? er what did? how did? how are you gonna say that? oh oh
554. they ' re actually good so alright never mind erm and then we went to like and just ate of course you have to eat and then we came back and then went to another with our other friend really? yeah so we went to twice in one day oh my gosh oh this tea is not good this is n this is i don ' t understand why tea when you buy tea outside tea is
561. s really that ' ll just make you go even more ah okay yeah don ' t but anyway there ' s a section of the book where thomas the grandson he ' s kind of him and his friend keep going up to crab pools and blowing up crabs it ' s such a typical you know boy thing teenage boy thing to be doing activity yeah you know it ' s like they make all these little mini
565. of march is the next time i ' m over for yeah the but i i might go to i might stay at my friend ' s for that one oh right yeah you normally stay at your other friend ' s when you ' re working at the west in erm in town no my this you know i ' ve got a i ' ve got a friend who lives in here i thought it was a
566. right yeah you normally stay at your other friend ' s when you ' re working at the west in erm in town no my this you know i ' ve got a i ' ve got a friend who lives in here i thought it was a girl yeah but i thought it was a girl er er no i don ' t ' s got a friend hasn ' t she? erm yeah oh i
567. ' ve got a i ' ve got a friend who lives in here i thought it was a girl yeah but i thought it was a girl er er no i don ' t ' s got a friend hasn ' t she? erm yeah oh i thought you normally stayed there i have d erm i have done in that one yeah yeah erm singer yeah actress yeah singer yeah i ' m trying
568. we ' ve got a er a postcard from turkey this morning oh did you? yes from? no it was er oh right from er a friend oh i see yes oh right it was your father ' s really yes oh ' s friend i see yes oh right how are they then? he ' s gone by himself oh right he should be alright
569. ##card from turkey this morning oh did you? yes from? no it was er oh right from er a friend oh i see yes oh right it was your father ' s really yes oh ' s friend i see yes oh right how are they then? he ' s gone by himself oh right he should be alright then eh? is this? no no ' s too ancient to go on holiday mm mm
571. still wouldn ' t you? mm don ' t know i just think i don ' t actually know i actually know now i know one person that lives in london now but more an acquaintance than a friend yeah i ' ll ask my friend yeah no i ' ve got a friend yeah who ' s moving to rotterdam i think possibly today actually mm this could be rotterdam or anywhere or anywhere liverpool or rome yeah
572. don ' t know i just think i don ' t actually know i actually know now i know one person that lives in london now but more an acquaintance than a friend yeah i ' ll ask my friend yeah no i ' ve got a friend yeah who ' s moving to rotterdam i think possibly today actually mm this could be rotterdam or anywhere or anywhere liverpool or rome yeah oh right i didn ' t know
577. ve never ticked the opt i ' ve never opted in to it hooray i sort of said from the beginning no that sounds crazy i ' m not doing that good for you erm my friend er is just fin or he ' s finished his journalism er masters whatever qualification it is and he was writing his sort of final piece on erm he was talking about graduates who haven ' t done graduate
580. wasn ' t even thinking holy sh oh my god oh my god oh my god it ' s so bad yeah guys what would you actually do if i did that? would you guys still be my friend? yeah yeah but i ' d be a bit further away alright oh yeah it ' s mine everyone drinks stop this they ' re almost done almost there you like this drink you know i got used yeah
583. i actually i i was really horrib well no not horrible it was just funny i showed erm a picture of and then a picture of and she was just like what is wrong with your friend ' s like taste in men? but she ' s got got yeah i was like i know it ' s hilarious isn ' t it? i was like they both look like mr bean what does look
594. yeah more interesting yeah and like i say you can choose the genre of book that you ' re looking at it says invite friends send invites how ' s that gonna send? let ' s see enter friend ' s email address that ' s probably print off and post to your friend in a book copy this ad on a piece of ppaper so if you download an ebook mm if it ' s not
595. that you ' re looking at it says invite friends send invites how ' s that gonna send? let ' s see enter friend ' s email address that ' s probably print off and post to your friend in a book copy this ad on a piece of ppaper so if you download an ebook mm if it ' s not through kindle oh you can choose where you want it to go oh right
603. walks mm mm mm mm garlic farm which was full of indian tourists and you were there recently weren ' t you? about three months ago yeah oh yeah that ' s right yeah yeah with yeah my friend yeah oh that ' s f garlic farm is it? have to go some time yeah there ' s a garlic farm yeah but the like to go everywhere it ' d be be nice wouldn ' t it
605. be yeah you know? if you say i don ' t really like them why am i spending time with them? that ' s mm okay like you don ' t have to be everybody ' s friend yeah mm i agree and don ' t spend time with people just cos just because you you it ' s there the option ' s just there for you know so you know yeah yes interesting you were
608. s one of these people on skype and he ' ll just go okay i ' m going now bye i like that er he ' s just like right that ' s me done i have a friend like that in and sometimes we ' ll be on the phone and one of us will say right i ' m bored now yeah he sounds like he ' s like right i ' ve told you all my
609. funny mm michael mcintyre yeah anybody else? well not not the queen cos i ' d have to be very polite and have to like mm what about? basically i ' ve only got like one friend who ' s a boy oh i ' m literally saying anybody in the whole world like you could have lady gaga you could have father christmas father christmas michael mcintyre lady gaga little mix and bob grandad even
610. lot of light but i could see lots of stars too mm thank you thank you you ' re welcome oh stroking a cat that ' s not a good idea that ' s not a smart idea my friend is it right? er er i ' m just looking at how many things we had there ' s eight things there we had four meals two drinks a dessert dessert and a cup of coffee coffee yeah perfect
614. conversation is just give gimme a skull okay i ' ll just it here and speak to it and when people come to volunteer you can just point them towards me my skull be like she she needs friend this is what ' s happening this is and horatio people look at her and go oh or yorick whatever it is yorick yeah i knew him very well yorick ' s the skull isn ' t
615. do people hate him so much? because he ' s just the most annoying like character like just imagine if you ' re gonna not know you mean he ' s not not religious but we have a friend called who is really annoying yeah yeah erm he ' s er erm okay so he he he he he was there to put as like to attract a younger audience yeah and like a really wacky
617. ? oh did he nominate you? yeah oh yeah then you have to do it he nominated his cousins oh it ' s her oh no it ' s not her i thought that was ' s old friend or something she just walks away that ' s it i ' m done never gets her hair wet you know what she ' s like so no no she doesn ' t princess so what the purpose of this
619. i ' ve grown and i don ' t really see that they ' ve changed or grown very much and like mm yeah yeah i don ' t know and then i start to think like my best friend now he ' s getting married next week and we were really good friends before but we were only really good friends really for three years before i went away mm and now i ' ve been living away for
620. years and you ' ve never visited me once but i ' ve never visited you once you probably wouldn ' t i mean that ' s fine but i understand he ' s a he ' s a friend it ' s a bit different friends and family like i don ' t know i don ' t have that same opinion with family i don ' t expect it okay with friends to a certain degree okay we
621. to the states and stayed with them for six weeks and er now they ' re coming to england to stay with us for three weeks i guess i ' ve just gone on to a new class of friend that i didn ' t hadn ' t didn ' t have in england and it ' s unfortunate but i ' m starting to see some of my friends that are here as i ' m not gonna live
622. wherever i ' m gonna be and i ' m gonna be wherever they ' re gonna be but it ' s not but when you s but when you s mm yeah it is a different class of friend these are the friends that i ' m meeting that if i live in saudi they ' ll visit me if i live in how okay one s okay so how do you mean by how do you mean by
623. i was saying that ' s how it came across i guess it ' s like these people in england are my best friends mm and i didn ' t think you could get any more than a best friend mm but now i ' ve got a super - best friend right is the only way of describing it someone okay who not only you know sorry that ' s how that ' s what i that ' s
624. it ' s like these people in england are my best friends mm and i didn ' t think you could get any more than a best friend mm but now i ' ve got a super - best friend right is the only way of describing it someone okay who not only you know sorry that ' s how that ' s what i that ' s what i thought when you said it that ' s why i
625. know what ' s going on in my life at least he contacts you when you come back though and yeah when i come home he does but they ' re like ' s like my brother my best friend and i guess i need his erm reassurance mm more than he needs mine he probably just feels like we ' re bros we ' re friends forever whatever yeah but i guess so do you contact
626. and as i said living abroad puts a different spin on it you start to see friendships as plate spinning a little bit to put it black and white but like well i haven ' t spoken to this friend need to kinda spin that a bit haven ' t spoken to this family member i need to do that doesn ' t feel like that when you ' re in england people can live only ten mi yeah i
631. you think was like what ten pound something he was an elephant wasn ' t he? yeah he was a beast no so i ' ve got a friend that erm she had her first child good friend she says she keeps having she ' s had flashbacks to the labour oh i di don ' t think it ' s fair that people say it because i think people who haven ' t had children at the
632. enough? are they stimulated enough? but that ' s only gonna be a good thing oh god yeah but it ' s a nightmare yeah to the point where it ' s like oh my god my friend ' s like you need to go counselling or something like you really i ' m always i ' ve always been a worrier anyway haven ' t i? yeah i ' ve always been one of
634. ' s the nicest people i know i know yeah ah well you make sure you tell her that well i think is the nicest big person i know i think well no but is being a friend he was the first friend i got in this village and he ' s been lovely wow he ' s helped me out a lot yeah but now you ' re being since i ' ve been on my own
635. people i know i know yeah ah well you make sure you tell her that well i think is the nicest big person i know i think well no but is being a friend he was the first friend i got in this village and he ' s been lovely wow he ' s helped me out a lot yeah but now you ' re being since i ' ve been on my own but you ' re going
636. m just ignoring him a huge amount more well that ' s what i said i said it still was an issue but i think is not trying so much to sort of not let you be ' s friend is he? that was his main issue or being left out or something how ' s at the moment? she was because she erm let me play her mum ' s phone but she ' s being
637. with some of the girls in your class but she said to her mum she said do you know what? has always been kind to me and lovely she ' s like she ' s like the best friend i could have isn ' t that nice? yeah because sometimes i because every day when i go happy birthday to mummy happy birthday to mummy happy birthday dear mummy happy birthday to mummy and what she says it
638. s an angry character yeah and he was smashing things up he was smashing alarm clocks up was that just today or was he like that every? because he didn ' t he didn ' t want his friend to get up for the competition so so he snuck in his room hid under his pillow or in his pillow scared him half to death and then smashed all of his alarm clocks up oh kind of thing is
639. i know oh her no the ginger one no the ginger one just circulates all of like sitcoms in america she was in er what women what women want and er thirteen going on thirty best friend oh we were watching that earlier yeah it ' s a fucking great film and the big bang theory and who be in the big bang her her her yeah yeah she was just at the i ' ve never
640. ' m pretty sure i ' ve got them maybe ' s got them and i steal them from no i don ' t have those i have one very similar that ah yeah okay okay so ' s friend that we stole her pyjamas last season ' s christmas pyjamas well technically i stole ' s pyjamas and you stole my pyjamas which were originally ' s
642. tiniest heels on in the whole wide world yet i still tower above everyone erm why the fuck is your shit still there? er yeah move that thank you have you literally not eaten today? friend request people i am so popular they only do that cos they ' re scared of you do you want your wine? communal wine as well see you later babe have a nice night guys bye night sweet
643. okay right tell me when to go it ' s an easy one anyway so that ' s go marvel dc comics there you go there you go that was easy what the fuck is? high five my friend ' s a geek i ' ve learnt so much we shit right no one ' s opening it i ' m gonna do the honours right yeah okay funny got acne on my chin to be honest chocolate
644. taken have you gone back? no right gold or green? we are green two green two so we ' re on person oh shit would you like your hair brushed? thanks i ' m her best friend i will do it no idea i ' ll brush my hair okay that ' s cool okay go my wine yep go first name my grandad ' s name er yep the first er the first bit of
645. i try and sit down still gonna try and get this oh bloody nora it ' s a spade one what is it? right okay erm right okay the word erm i thought i heard a friend frozen it is what ' s app? what? action right okay action right okay if if think about my wish yeah yeah right okay so erm can we all guess for this by the way? mm
646. they will kiss you oh right or do what they want with you basically yeah so it ' s basically rape but for girls so no playback it ' s an american thing i think so nervous her best friend the little chubby one not the cool one the geeky one goes in to kiss her and she goes hi chris blindfolded it ' s no i ' m so and so she ' s like
647. that ' s why she feels so yeah weird about this nervous slightly so it ' s though so ugly oh my god i dunno what he ' s done with his hair oh god is that her friend then? yeah she made friends with her i would never wish to be older gotta let it heat up a little bit now turn it off do you want a cuppa? i ' m alright thanks me
651. told me she said oh your your friend was here pas pas pas pas told me oh yes was she in a clio broken down? was she? told me yeah apparently so because said oh your friend was here and i said oh which friend? who the fuck is? okay hold on before you carry on your conversation can you please explain who the fuck is is the girl who works at the the one
652. was here pas pas pas pas told me oh yes was she in a clio broken down? was she? told me yeah apparently so because said oh your friend was here and i said oh which friend? who the fuck is? okay hold on before you carry on your conversation can you please explain who the fuck is is the girl who works at the the one who ' s like south african lady who
653. stuff who? she works at the kitchen garden cafe the blonde - haired lady who works at the kitchen garden cafe oh so sorry sorry you sorry yeah go on then apologies so she said oh your your friend was here yesterday and i said oh which one? this was the day before we met the day we met the day before that was here this is so much information i can ' t keep up was she
654. ? who was i with? we met two weeks ago on thursday yes i er meet yeah and she said was here and i said and she didn ' t remember here name and she said oh your friend was here oh farmer ' s wife yeah i was gonna say that ' s what you would call her yeah he ' s about five minutes behind in this conversation that ' s what you call i don '
655. time she can ' t come to inc as well cos she ' s in london so but anyway she was saying oh she was here and i said which one and she said oh you know your friend she was trying to be polite she was like you know the she could have been talking about me i was like which friend do you mean? the one that drinks the elderflower i was like ah ha
656. she was here and i said which one and she said oh you know your friend she was trying to be polite she was like you know the she could have been talking about me i was like which friend do you mean? the one that drinks the elderflower i was like ah ha ribena she ' s like yeah ribena oh you mean ribena? no elderflower ah elderflower and gin she
658. it ' s at wagamama ' s it ' s just a kind of cheap noodle place it ' s mild even the hot stuff is mild oh the erm i ' ve got a friend who doesn ' t he who he actually is better now he didn ' t used to eat either cheese or tomato mm that ' s surprising difficult in life mm specifically when you go to an italian restaurant italian
662. ? i bet she does we had a facebook first world problem the other day one of my friends er i started like a facebook page er for old school people you know? mm and er and my friend posted on there that one of our friends who most people hadn ' t seen since school had died susuddenly so all people just thought oh that ' s a shame you know let us know when
664. has she got children? or are they all grown up? in the they ' re all grown up yeah yeah i don ' t know who she ' s with oh i think it ' s her friend she ' s drunk as a skunk yeah she looks it a bit let ' s see what her comments say oh god i might tip this water in here mum sure do you think? her daughter said
665. good me they ' re all good men in that way ' s a good man in that way mm that ' s right yeah that ' s right that ' s right that er and er my my friend erm er i dunno if you remember in i didn ' t realise that his divorce had been like that too and was was was he in the samba band? he was he was an older fellow
667. a problem be sick if came something ' s happened to some issue at home and she ' s been really sad this year yeah she has really ah ' s always comforting her ' s such a good friend to her he ' s got to be he understands it ' s weird cos like she ' s a really i don ' t i don ' t know who do you still hang out with what '
668. ' s got to be he understands it ' s weird cos like she ' s a really i don ' t i don ' t know who do you still hang out with what ' s her friend group? i know boys i don ' t really know but but but who oh yeah who specifically does she have anyone specifically? oh yeah yeah yeah that ' s true ' s just that guy really yeah
670. ##my rummy i played it in with this nepalese friend of mine in portugal that ' s all we did that ' s all we did what was his name? what? had a nepalese friend called shut up ah he was quite a bit older than me though who are you sending that to? it ' s got echo in here man i think he likes it better when i say his name three
672. the same size right yeah this really weird person added me on facebook today is he from? no mutual friends accept he sounds legit who ' s who ' s? ' s boyf one mutual friend let ' s have a look i ' d laugh if it was you no i keep who are they though? like these people what? people he he ' s friends with he ' s friends with animal
673. even keep falling out over? i don ' t even know because was a fucking arsehole and i actually do i wouldn ' t do anything and one day she just decide not to be my friend any more i ' m like okay and be friends with instead i was like okay i think i was the only person that was friends with her well i was sort of mates with her because everyone else hated
674. was he called? i don ' t know ' s facebook mm why? when did you see in? on christmas party mm did you not get? did you not be like who ' s your friend? we were both meant to be on we were going on the train to but the train was cancelled so when we were in i was pretty drunk by this point yeah he was there and there was loads
677. spiders crawl up and eat them ah oh my god they crawl over their body and no then chew them to bits right let ' s have a nice story let ' s talk about nice things tell your friend i will tell him i will post it on facebook ho ho it ' s there ' s a there was a can i write it with him? yeah yes out of school by a story mm hey we
678. was she called? ah mrs mrs next door mrs was erm a b queen bee of the wrvs or something she was a very important person anyway in the local hierarchy and mrs was a great friend to mother and she turned up and i ' m sure sorted out getting the doctor and the ambulance and all the rest of it so mother went to hospital and er we had fallen out of paradise and i
680. sheet before i submit it and i find myself giggling away i think i ' m quite funny i had to leave one of them the other day cos mum was telling me all about you know her friend yes all about his new story oh right but it ' s all a bit hush hush so i had to delete it yeah under wraps yeah mm she suddenly realised i was recording it she was like quick
681. is such a load of rubbish right no it ' s not even spelt the same what autobiographical novel oh god by by no heinrich harrer describes his travels to tibet and his experiences as a friend and tutor to the dalai lama? it ' s not even spelt the same mm i don ' t know this erm do you know it? no i i thought it i thought it was something
683. ' re just like get me a drink yeah exactly but i mean they have got them in japan just very useful we ' re too poor to you know? invest in that i ' d like a friend yeah a robot friend i would i used to have an imaginary friend yeah you told me about your imaginary friend did i? yes you did oh like in the first week oh god there we go again gets
684. get me a drink yeah exactly but i mean they have got them in japan just very useful we ' re too poor to you know? invest in that i ' d like a friend yeah a robot friend i would i used to have an imaginary friend yeah you told me about your imaginary friend did i? yes you did oh like in the first week oh god there we go again gets per gets personal oh
685. they have got them in japan just very useful we ' re too poor to you know? invest in that i ' d like a friend yeah a robot friend i would i used to have an imaginary friend yeah you told me about your imaginary friend did i? yes you did oh like in the first week oh god there we go again gets per gets personal oh i just miss i just wish her was i
686. useful we ' re too poor to you know? invest in that i ' d like a friend yeah a robot friend i would i used to have an imaginary friend yeah you told me about your imaginary friend did i? yes you did oh like in the first week oh god there we go again gets per gets personal oh i just miss i just wish her was i ' m so jealous you were in that
688. girl she was er erm what? what? very bouncy personality when when was this? actually i don ' t think you know her no he she became a regular of ours and a friend of ours after after you were down there right but she did the same thing she she met some guy and felt sorry for him and got married to help him get a green card visa green card yeah well
691. that you know it ' s it ' s like he ' s not taking responsibility he ' s just saying woe is me i ' m such a bad you know i ' m such a bad friend oh dear oh dear he never does anything about it because this is hardly the first time you ' ve said you ' re letting me down can you man up? yeah i mean how many times have you
696. shouldn ' t be doing that and everything but it was all like ni yeah i can ' t explain yeah it ' s like yeah it didn ' t doesn ' t yeah that as her being a friend yeah and my friend he ' s a real drinker yeah i feel totally safe with him yeah my friend yeah my friend yeah probably about five or six people yeah but you ' re alright with oh happily
697. doing that and everything but it was all like ni yeah i can ' t explain yeah it ' s like yeah it didn ' t doesn ' t yeah that as her being a friend yeah and my friend he ' s a real drinker yeah i feel totally safe with him yeah my friend yeah my friend yeah probably about five or six people yeah but you ' re alright with oh happily yeah yeah i '
698. it ' s like yeah it didn ' t doesn ' t yeah that as her being a friend yeah and my friend he ' s a real drinker yeah i feel totally safe with him yeah my friend yeah my friend yeah probably about five or six people yeah but you ' re alright with oh happily yeah yeah i ' ll get pissed myself yeah or i won ' t yeah get you know yeah i '
699. like yeah it didn ' t doesn ' t yeah that as her being a friend yeah and my friend he ' s a real drinker yeah i feel totally safe with him yeah my friend yeah my friend yeah probably about five or six people yeah but you ' re alright with oh happily yeah yeah i ' ll get pissed myself yeah or i won ' t yeah get you know yeah i ' ll just feel
700. wasn ' t till i was about twelve that i realised that this woman who would turn up in our house every now and again right was my sister i thought she was just like my mum ' s friend or something okay she was just some woman yeah and she ' s you know when you ' re a child yeah and these people turn up and you say yes how have you yeah oh hello you know are
702. one or other of them would would open it and they ' d look at you know get praising me and everything i like those yogurts that ' s not what we said that was what your friend that ' s his friend ' s your friend ' s story about no he said that to his mum and you said it no said it to his mum and felt about it well i dunno we didn
703. would would open it and they ' d look at you know get praising me and everything i like those yogurts that ' s not what we said that was what your friend that ' s his friend ' s your friend ' s story about no he said that to his mum and you said it no said it to his mum and felt about it well i dunno we didn ' t say those exact
704. and they ' d look at you know get praising me and everything i like those yogurts that ' s not what we said that was what your friend that ' s his friend ' s your friend ' s story about no he said that to his mum and you said it no said it to his mum and felt about it well i dunno we didn ' t say those exact words just like i
708. thought what would she be doing right now if you didn ' t have google? i know well this is it you ' d be ri well it was like would you ' d be ringing up a friend as or i was gonna say like would you ring up the what ' s it called now? the ko the koko koko? yeah ring up the koko and be like did you used to
709. no older woman that owns it? the older lady i think yeah probably owns it yeah and she ' s so nice and she was like oh is it for you or is it for a uhu friend? cos it was like oh it ' s for my aunt and i just thought yeah easier it ' s my mum ' s best friend was a bit more complicated yeah yeah and she says oh that
710. is it for you or is it for a uhu friend? cos it was like oh it ' s for my aunt and i just thought yeah easier it ' s my mum ' s best friend was a bit more complicated yeah yeah and she says oh that ' s nice and so i picked them all out and she was like oh you cos i ' d written them all down on my phone
712. there were seat we ' ve got a picture haven ' t we? yeah a fish eye picture that came to it ' s not very full so it was just as well that came with her foreign friend in that picture the church doesn ' t look full does it? it ' s all down the right there yeah it should hold about a hundred and sixty hundred and eighty it it ' s erm like
715. yeah but yeah but i ' d like to get him a i ' d like to get him a new i ' d like to get him oh we ' d we ' d like to remain a friend yes i ' d like to get him a nice er car i ' m just gonna give him the spare one thing is well i thought family when you do things like that people look at you doing it
716. know her but i can ' t yeah she ' s like she ' s quite shy and blonde oh yes yeah i don ' t know yeah what is that a lo oh no it ' s a friend wasn ' t it? oh? did have a mate called? yeah that was yeah no that ' s what i ' m thinking mm that was mm yeah she was at the party wasn ' t she
717. to the panto at the is he in it or is he watching it? in the audience no just watching it yeah i thought he ' d be sick of panto by now yeah his his friend ' s in it so he wants to see it oh they all go to see him i think so yeah you know he felt duty bound i don ' t know i quite like he ' s quite nice
720. rights to these we don ' t have rights to use his name whenevwhevewhenever we talk about ' s micro penis whenever we talk about he ' s whoever ' s best friend oh okay either ' s best friend or ' s best friend i think he ' s your best friend to be honest yeah yeah yeah it ' s no no no no no please don ' t put this
721. have rights to use his name whenevwhevewhenever we talk about ' s micro penis whenever we talk about he ' s whoever ' s best friend oh okay either ' s best friend or ' s best friend i think he ' s your best friend to be honest yeah yeah yeah it ' s no no no no no please don ' t put this on me remember remember when we were
722. name whenevwhevewhenever we talk about ' s micro penis whenever we talk about he ' s whoever ' s best friend oh okay either ' s best friend or ' s best friend i think he ' s your best friend to be honest yeah yeah yeah it ' s no no no no no please don ' t put this on me remember remember when we were in the green room?
723. ##ever we talk about ' s micro penis whenever we talk about he ' s whoever ' s best friend oh okay either ' s best friend or ' s best friend i think he ' s your best friend to be honest yeah yeah yeah it ' s no no no no no please don ' t put this on me remember remember when we were in the green room? i don ' t think you were there
724. no no please don ' t put this on me remember remember when we were in the green room? i don ' t think you were there green room free period we have to say ' s best friend cos we could also say ' s best friend people our our fans might get confused between my group and his yeah the fans yeah hey my name ' s done now you ' re oh yeah you are
725. remember remember when we were in the green room? i don ' t think you were there green room free period we have to say ' s best friend cos we could also say ' s best friend people our our fans might get confused between my group and his yeah the fans yeah hey my name ' s done now you ' re oh yeah you are kind of i think you actually kind of are yeah
726. i want him to i talk to in bio so i ' m just going to do that anyway literally he ' s why don ' t you like? do you ever think you just have a toxic friend that you just don ' t want to talk to would would tell everyone else that you ' re gay? yeah yeah he would oh er yeah yeah yeah but do you get that much? they they chat
728. was thinking einstein we could get einstein with us i but i don ' t speak german oh no the yeah the erm exorcist oh no no no no my aunt ' s ' s friend huh? my aunt your friend he ' s an exorcist? no no no no no yeah yeah she was an exorcist oh my god can i get my work experience? no
729. einstein with us i but i don ' t speak german oh no the yeah the erm exorcist oh no no no no my aunt ' s ' s friend huh? my aunt your friend he ' s an exorcist? no no no no no yeah yeah she was an exorcist oh my god can i get my work experience? no she died she ' d dead
730. i understand yeah disrespectful so can we not? yeah a cat or a gerbil yeah a cat? what ' s a cat gonna fucking say? my dog no my friend ' s dog my mates dog einstein cos he speaks german how are we going to do a cat? i i okay not einstein alright okay someone that spoke no einstein spoke english no he didn ' t
732. don ' t really think it ' s a boy ' s name like it for a boy no harley for a boy? i ki i had a naughty harley so that always i ' ve never a friend ' s i ' ve literally never heard it as a name before no? harley they won ' t be long till they ' re asleep okay just watching gruffalo ' s child i ' ve watched gruff
734. sell on i ebay get a big fortune for it oh it ' s funny i haven ' t got these ones it ' s a nice memory oh there ' s some good ones of you my friend yeah cor someone took millions well who took all these then? i don ' t know must ' ve been your mum i suppose cos i wouldn ' t take them no maybe oh oh yeah yes
735. can ' t talk no no so that was clever she got probably half an hour of peace after that yes yes that ' s good i thought that was very clever oh yes yeah that was her best friend on that on that have you seen that one have you? i think i might ' ve done yes yes one of her best friends it was have you seen grandma on there? ah yes she ' s
736. front smiling yeah that ' s a nice photo yeah gor she was very young then wasn ' t she? only about seven oh yes yeah she was pretty youngish yes that ' s her best friend now and what was he now? oh tobacconist like oh they had a shop them two oh right sweets and tobacco or something yeah they look happy don ' t they? oh she looks quite happy there
737. looks happy not all of them do no not not not all no no no no yes that ' s lovely yeah she looks a happy child well i know what did she use to say about her best friend? her parents used to they got is that her friend??? oh yes yes that was her name that ' s right that was her best friend oh they used to like they were very religious her
738. all no no no no yes that ' s lovely yeah she looks a happy child well i know what did she use to say about her best friend? her parents used to they got is that her friend??? oh yes yes that was her name that ' s right that was her best friend oh they used to like they were very religious her her family oh right your mum very well cos she
739. what did she use to say about her best friend? her parents used to they got is that her friend??? oh yes yes that was her name that ' s right that was her best friend oh they used to like they were very religious her her family oh right your mum very well cos she went to the local chapel so oh right that ' s why they got on that ' s er
741. the day look happy look happy hey buddy this your hat? little fox that ' s cute innit? it ' s cool isn ' t it? do you like this? ah i like this friend a lot no tantrums now oh no everyone just keeps trying on your hat don ' t they? has everyone else tried it on as well? yeah it ' s a compliment and this is cute
748. to be like an actual conversation that ' s you know not a fake conversation no not not not fake or like well hello there hi how are was your day? it ' s been alright my dear friend that ' s great thumbs up maybe it ' s i know what it is well i mean it ' s pretty obvious i ' m not i ' m just giving birth to my weird let ' s turn
753. urgh oh i ' ve got this on here oo so that was er that didn ' t go well oh dear so you didn ' t last very long then? no oh beer beer my friend oo what do i need? i just cannae decide mhm huh oh just closed it just closed it i forgot just closed it just close it now that ' s fine oh might have a cheek
757. he was you know er i don ' t suppose he ' s told many people he hasn ' t really no and he was like er you know i understand if you don ' t wanna be my friend but you know i want you to to know the real me and this er this is me warts and all because er er i don ' t tell people i don ' t know how to tell people
760. ' s like lol and bouncer lol was oh my god yes yeah? yes yes i know what you mean yeah and he they ha he they make like a healthy meal because he his friend ' s vegan like his girlfriend is vegan? no can ' t really remember oh my god mm no it ' s so funny i just remember like duke and mike or something they were my favourites
761. than that filter like what does? it also my god this is so frustrating he said give me fifteen minutes and i ' ll look and i ' m like okay sure why not? why not my friend? do it if he does buy it i ' m gonna laugh i ' m gonna laugh so hard i could technically get the dresses and not pay for the pictures and just delete him yeah that '
762. w how the hell? i don ' t know how the hell did that happen? i don ' t know oh well that is not very good okay show two hundred because twenty is not enough my friend do you know there was like a minute ' s silence the other day like and i didn ' t know about it? it no i didn ' t either it was on our campus or something it was
763. heat now looks lovely it ' s it ' s winning winning this is how does cooking d no this is how the world should be cooking the proper way think you ' re on your own there my friend think we ' re meant to put some thickener in hey? how many calories are in you? ah well i ' m just gonna put a tablespoon of this in did you put oil
764. fisher then? oh no is vic fisher that ' s the person i ' m interrogate but you ' re not i ' m not questioning her no questioning vic fisher erm vic fisher ' s friend jules martin yeah erm it ' s gonna be something really weird mm vic? what kind of name is that? also for a boy vic fisher yeah my name is vic fisher are you vic? was
765. for me that whole terrible no all the teachers love you i ' m sorry you got five blues in the last year and i got one from mr the creepy re teacher and mr for being a good friend and yeah well i got that one as well for making yeah that was one of my five blues being a friend to you yeah i know but that was one of my two blues no but he said i
766. year and i got one from mr the creepy re teacher and mr for being a good friend and yeah well i got that one as well for making yeah that was one of my five blues being a friend to you yeah i know but that was one of my two blues no but he said i didn ' t even deserve that blue because it was for being a good friend and making a video for cos
767. of my five blues being a friend to you yeah i know but that was one of my two blues no but he said i didn ' t even deserve that blue because it was for being a good friend and making a video for cos i didn ' t make the video you made the video well you helped me i did help you you helped me get everyone and stuff yeah but you filmed it you edited
768. like i ' d rather sing with like small groups than just her yeah that ' s maybe we should actually discuss i i think we should because i mean she ' s not of like a good backup friend so i don ' t care if she hates me after this if she ' s taking gcse i know that seems really music what ' s gonna happen? but she ' s she ' s oh
773. yeah i mean i couldn ' t really i couldn ' t really gauge if he was agreeing with me to save face hmm or whether he actually thought that you know he actually thought of it as a friend thing and as a bit of a joke hmm i think it was probably a bit of half and half hmm hmm by the way it was a really really sweet thing to do hmm and it was thought and
774. the link between m me and him via someone else and i said i passed ' s brother who i don ' t speak to unless i ' m drunk i was like so i where ' d your friend go? and he was like my uh my friend and i was like yeah blondie looked about twelve years old hmm and he was like i know exactly who you ' re asking about and i was like
775. and i said i passed ' s brother who i don ' t speak to unless i ' m drunk i was like so i where ' d your friend go? and he was like my uh my friend and i was like yeah blondie looked about twelve years old hmm and he was like i know exactly who you ' re asking about and i was like so are you going to answer my question? he
777. oh i went to my mum yesterday and was at work she sent me a message saying hi just a quick question i got a package in my room yesterday in a and i know that she had a friend stay in last night i said no it wasn ' t me it must have been her friend is it something nice? no i ' m confused i got home from work yesterday and found a package on my
778. just a quick question i got a package in my room yesterday in a and i know that she had a friend stay in last night i said no it wasn ' t me it must have been her friend is it something nice? no i ' m confused i got home from work yesterday and found a package on my bed i thought it was something that i ordered but i checked it today and it ' s
780. temporary short term yeah yeah hmm we both signed up for that but before him nah i didn ' t keep on anyone it was very much a not a hotel room situ hmm but cos he was friend with people that i was friends with hmm that i mean w we did that the whole kind of friends with benefits thing on and off since we were sixteen hmm till being twenty - two hmm which is quite
781. sort of fell fell for this guy who was married and all that ridiculous behaviour i mean that was quite intense and then m back again just sort of odds of sods and nothing really of note my friend he was the one who shattered your navy dreams temporarily yep but i saw right since then exactly i ' ve done a lot of digging round of talk and he was actually wrong so i ' m quite he
785. ' t bothered to get in touch on friendship basis more of a you owe me money hmm and which i was resentful for not only because he d he he hasn ' t been been a friend but also because he doesn ' t actually need it like he ' s a teacher he earns twenty - four grand twenty - five grand hmm he knows i ' m taking home half of what he '
786. sec you ' re pissed off with me because of a hundred pound a month? hmm um shouldn ' t i be pissed off with you over the fact that you ' re that much of a great friend like you never called to find out why you couldn ' t repay no so literally because of how long i ' ve not spoken to him for i got really annoyed and sent him a message back to his
787. never called to find out why you couldn ' t repay no so literally because of how long i ' ve not spoken to him for i got really annoyed and sent him a message back to his false friend message and i was like yeah my dad and mum are getting divorced um my dad ' s still not got his thing through from the court yet so he ' s basically living in a house with no furniture
788. hmm all in one go and he was like oh sorry i ' m sorry you ' re having a shit time of it i felt like saying you would know hmm exactly if you were being a good friend hmm as opposed to just focusing on a couple of hundred quid hmm which you don ' t actually need seeing as you ' re you ' ve been on two holidays already this year is he where is
789. phone i said you should have sent me a message on here yeah yeah yeah which you would do wouldn ' t you? yeah if you ' re worried about someone if you ' re worried about a friend you haven ' t heard from in a few weeks and wasn ' t responding responding to your messages yeah would you not try every avenue? and as of as a rule i ' m sure he ' s
802. a way well you know i guess i guess i mean i guess i was lucky because you know i was lucky my friend is not really around and he ' s a he ' s a really old friend of mine i mean he ' s mm from my university friend yeah and erm he ' s ababsolutely lovely as well he ' s just so lovely and ah he ' s just been
803. guess i was lucky because you know i was lucky my friend is not really around and he ' s a he ' s a really old friend of mine i mean he ' s mm from my university friend yeah and erm he ' s ababsolutely lovely as well he ' s just so lovely and ah he ' s just been kind of like you know just a source of good practical kind
806. quite a lot and then i suppose boredom sets in and she just got used to drinking during the day mm right now i never saw her drinking during the day but my friend who is a really good friend well we all used to go to school together it was ' s mum who died but who i know and she went out there to spend some time on a family holiday and erm she yeah she did
807. yeah cos they may not see the boundaries yeah and i think that ' s why the respect and that isn ' t there is because they ' re looking at me how they would look at a friend yeah and treating me cos that ' s what i say to them i say i ' m not one of your friends from down the road i ' m your mum yeah yeah but even then they should
808. i ' m not one of your friends from down the road i ' m your mum yeah yeah but even then they should have respect for your their their friends so even if they classified you as a friend they should still have respect yes yeah but then they don ' t because all they do is moan about everybody right oh right so and that ' s what i do i stand there and i go well i
811. palmer palmer palmer palmer palmer even when even when even when the vice president screwed him over he didn ' t fire him he didn ' t yeah he he ' s a no but he sacked his bald friend yeah because he was his friend for twenty years and he betrayed him yeah because he ' s bald no he just but he was only doing what he thought was right for the country no cos what he
812. when even when even when the vice president screwed him over he didn ' t fire him he didn ' t yeah he he ' s a no but he sacked his bald friend yeah because he was his friend for twenty years and he betrayed him yeah because he ' s bald no he just but he was only doing what he thought was right for the country no cos what he said was he was he was
814. ' ll say and the way they ' ll react and everything so mm it ' s a lot of i ' m not going to admit that anything is i ' m fragile or anything right if my friend ' s there yeah oh yeah so that ' s another pressure that they ' re they ' re they ' re they ' ve got because they can ' t appear to be weak in front of their contemporaries
816. to sitting on the in his room and took him a bit of a push there but he came yeah he did didn ' t he? i ' m glad i gave him that opportunity well considering his friend was gonna go and he didn ' t he didn ' t quit yeah and he went on his own he still went yeah right better go alright darling see you soon take care take care oh oh gosh
817. re a head if you ' re like a head of department like the head of english or something like that you ' ll get more cor it ' s not much is it? mummy no my friend ' s i mean i ' m on mummy my friend ' s my friend ' s done her pgce and she came out with mummy what am i on? twenty twenty - two? mummy mummy if
818. department like the head of english or something like that you ' ll get more cor it ' s not much is it? mummy no my friend ' s i mean i ' m on mummy my friend ' s my friend ' s done her pgce and she came out with mummy what am i on? twenty twenty - two? mummy mummy if you think that you need a degree mummy and then a
830. years ago? that i worked with yeah that ' s right yeah it was that i worked with erm cos that ' s where i was getting confused with and oh er whose was ' s friend that ' s right was ' s friend yeah but it ' s who was your friend i used to work with i mean he ' s n he he is doing alright but he ' s in the oil
831. that ' s right yeah it was that i worked with erm cos that ' s where i was getting confused with and oh er whose was ' s friend that ' s right was ' s friend yeah but it ' s who was your friend i used to work with i mean he ' s n he he is doing alright but he ' s in the oil and gas industry so he says it '
832. worked with erm cos that ' s where i was getting confused with and oh er whose was ' s friend that ' s right was ' s friend yeah but it ' s who was your friend i used to work with i mean he ' s n he he is doing alright but he ' s in the oil and gas industry so he says it ' s the oh toughest he ' s ever
837. you? why have you asked me? no no it ' s very exciting i probably ask that okay i ' d probably be quite polite good are you using these? unless of course it was my friend we we probably will be using those yes i would imagine so right have you finished on this page? no no no no i ' m not us i ' m probably not going to be using that one
840. it was a joke so they didn ' t really do that but anyway can we see the picture? er i ' ll have to show you later if i can find it cos it was a friend of a friend and i can ' t well i ' ll see if i can find it okay what would you have gone as if you if it ' d actually been celebrated erm i gone as and
842. ? who ' s that? emily cabbage in goth girl emily cabbage yeah i don ' t remember her the first book or the second book no who is she? she ' s goth girl ' s friend is she? yeah emily cabbage cabbage ca is she a servant or is she the artist ' s daughter? erm she ' s she ' s the er inventor ' s daughter the inventor ' s daughter
843. ##gy had a pig bone and this little piggy went nnnnnnnno don ' t i ' m a vegetarian no went oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no my friend ' s a cannibal mm hm yuck what ' s a cannibal? when you eat your own kind so if a human was to eat a human mm that would make you a can
847. man ' s phone my mum rings me like oh babe i ' ve got your phone like my mate ' s got it i was like what are you on about? she was like yeah like my friend i was like no my friend cos erm chinese delivery man so i had no id i thought she was i bet you were so confused so confused and then yeah fine explained what was all going on
848. rings me like oh babe i ' ve got your phone like my mate ' s got it i was like what are you on about? she was like yeah like my friend i was like no my friend cos erm chinese delivery man so i had no id i thought she was i bet you were so confused so confused and then yeah fine explained what was all going on my mum trying to explain the
853. same over she just spends money all the time i know erm when it ' s university actually it would have cost her a fortune on friday i was out for a meal ah for her birthday and friend who ' s coming what to your mum ' s birthday meal? yeah why? and is coming ah just so she has someone to chat to yeah so it ' s gonna cost a lot a lot and
854. mum ' s birthday meal? yeah why? and is coming ah just so she has someone to chat to yeah so it ' s gonna cost a lot a lot and my mum ' s like best friend and her it ' s her birthday like weekend has gone so she is coming and is your dad paying for it all? no they ' ll be paying for themselves yeah but my mum ' s gonna have
856. ? kind of yeah just because he ' s mum i think you think this is erm if he ' s quiet and he doesn ' t talk very much you think he ' s instantly a great friend you di you don ' t half ar argue quite a lot about me asking you sorry it ' s just cos you just don ' t know someti people who are shy you don ' t know
864. see like the actual hotel that he was at could you see him y and he was in could you see him in there? fuck me that ' s so weir yeah hello she ' s just a friend mm but it is cool it is i know it ' s stalkerish but i don ' t even go on the app i just see the notification yeah mm yeah right it ' s erm it '
865. just couldn ' t bring the image back and and me wow was cooking and we were like and she ' s just stood there like oh my god my boyfriend ' s just tried to picture my best friend naked yeah wow bit weird isn ' t it? that would ' ve freaked me out i ' d be like er take that image out of your head i told that and was like he probably he was
866. s alright go out the back? yeah go out the back i don ' t think so erm she she and are going to some sort of murder mystery thing oh yeah whereabouts? dunno my friend i think you met her yeah she ' s going to one tonight she ' s bought this top that says erm twerk or treat nice oh wow i think it could be really good fun but i
867. and help you set up during the day? she ' s just saying that exactly that ' s that ' s her feeling guilty and wanting to kind of b like still pretend yeah to be my best friend or whatever erm so i just i was really blunt with her and i was like no i don ' t think i ' m gonna need any help fuck off but like that ' s a weird thing
871. holiday right? then right i ' m like whatever so we ' re going to lee evans and then we were going to winter wonderland the next day now his t uncle is coming and his friend her friend and his mum and right? okay so whatever and we ' ve got see these things planned that we ' ve got one weekend right? and er on the twenty - seventh of november that weekend where we
881. you want me to hold down the fort? yeah you can do okay seems like all my facebook friends yeah but there aren ' t that many of them so yeah more than just dinner with friends yeah friend must have yeah just do me a favour yah yah come hither please yeah? you see erm that bit? yeah i ' ve written that bless you like that what do you mean?
882. do and stuff you know wanting to know where you are all the time which probably feels quite oppressive to you mm and i feel that you are with me examples texts if i ' m texting a friend mm you ' re always like who are you texting? you always ask me this question yeah cos you do it when we ' re in bed together yeah i kn no i know but that '
883. him when his grandma died who do you think was the first person he called? yeah i know cos he ' s got fuck all else but i told you this that he ' s a good friend while you don ' t need anything yeah absolutely and you just i haven ' t spoken to him if you want someone to have a laugh with he ' s your man that ' s it he ' s
884. t don ' t go for it don ' t don ' t bother yeah that ' s not what he ' s for and if you need someone you ' re absolutely right who ' s a better friend then that then make someone who ' s a better friend yeah but you ' re right that doesn ' t mean you should drop contact with him you just needed to recognise who he is yeah er what you
885. ' t bother yeah that ' s not what he ' s for and if you need someone you ' re absolutely right who ' s a better friend then that then make someone who ' s a better friend yeah but you ' re right that doesn ' t mean you should drop contact with him you just needed to recognise who he is yeah er what you ' re dealing with and that he ' s not gonna
886. from inappropriate anecdotes and talking about your previous sexual encounters discussing our sex life with your friends that ' s very offensive erm okay don ' t you discuss our sex life with a close friend sometimes? er it ' s inappropriate especially if you expect me to meet them afterwards no not meet them i mean i mean you know for example you know now you talk to a friend about the break up
887. with a close friend sometimes? er it ' s inappropriate especially if you expect me to meet them afterwards no not meet them i mean i mean you know for example you know now you talk to a friend about the break up no the breakup what was this that ' s okay oh that ' s the breakup yeah that ' s not sexual yeah that ' s true what was the sex one? no you telling
889. i mean what you gonna do? send them out to her? i expect you gave one each that i think ' s from uncle years ago got all my badges on rspca you might your friend is knowing which ones to give away yeah it ' s terrible i know chimes that must be a present from someone bound to be one thing in there you want yes well i ' ll keep that '
891. rubbish i used to feel really sorry for the kids at school who had really bad hay fever you know and as soon as the summer term starts they let you go out in the grass and the playing friend and there was a kid and he was he couldn ' t he like even just looking at the grass his eyes would start to stream really? he had to stand on the playground and everyone else was off
894. ve got friends there but it ' s just a really good place to explore that part of the world you know you just feel i don ' t need to go that far i got loads loads of friend and workmates have gone either new zealand australia and just gone don ' t need do come back yeah well new zealand is much i think is much prettier and maybe it ' s more like home
895. year at most it ' s there hadn ' t been one up toil now wow it is a nice part of the world my uncle bit of a strange man generally everyone he meets becomes a firm friend yeah he ' s got one of the faces everyone wants to talk to him and he ' s sort of the good side of alcoholism you know not far away from the bad side right and eh he '
898. re only cooking for one person so it ' s hard like portion sizes and stuff it is but you can freeze can ' t you? yeah yeah that ' s true leftovers will be my best friend that ' s nice when it ' s gone flat mm how much is left? finished it you did okay out of it though didn ' t you? yeah didn ' t go too dry flat for too
901. camp i ' m looking forward to going over to my friend ' s house for a sleepover and when ' s that? that is somewhere somewhere after the exams not sure of the date exactly whose friend ' s house? erm and ' s okay yeah iid say that ' s it and do you know any more about the birthday party? erm with? eh no well you said i can
906. fantastic bloke i should have gone around and seen him before he died you know yeah cos he got me the job as a blacksmith oh yeah and he got uh was my was my best friend he got him a job at plumstead and he left school at fourteen what the mental home? no plumstead engineering it was oh plumstead plumstead is a village okay you didn ' t say what
907. ll oh i ' ll tell you my depressing saga yes oh it is depressing thank you it ' s not what you think anyway what are you thinking? i was worried it was about your friend oh it is oh i thought you were gonna say about ' s mum no it is you know my friend that had cancer? no mm last year and she had got over it or she ' s had
915. dance was but i think just the fact it had dance in the title oh in the no and so of course said no but actually and i probably could ' ve persuaded to come because it is his friend but it ' ll be a late night and it ' s the following day he ' s running for in his cross - country oh right county yes thing yeah so in all fairness i would rather he had
918. twelve just turned twelve and he asked and just looked at him and said you are far too old to b don ' t be ridiculous you know it ' s just so no well that ' s your friend who ' s also twelve who just wouldn ' t entertain the idea of going out trick or treating yeah cos it ' s for little kids well when ' s there ddo you mind if i stay
921. up have a good rest and i said that is somebody being supportive can i help? i said no i ' m fine i understand that but ask me if you need i said that is a supportive friend i ' m not very well i can ' t duh - duh - duh - duh shall i drive round and see you? no i ' m fine i ' m outside your door
922. so he writes for drug companies basically a really well - paid job it ' s like eighty grand a year mm basically but he was a doctor well within yeah and he ' s fucking so intelligent my friend my age he was really clever at school mm he ' s already a research fellow mm at bristol university oh really? he ' s like a top fifteen he ' s done a fell he did his fellowship
926. wanna get to england and all this lark oh yeah and he just goes no i said you ' re being brought up right haven ' t you? yes no no that ' s the thing is my friend yeah he ' s he can tell you about passports yeah yeah he ' s the same i think so that ' s what he must do and like i say he never talks well i haven ' t seen
927. of narnia mm what the fudge? what? what is it? it ' s a it ' s a about i don ' t know what ' s a gbf? gay best friend oh don ' t you know anything? you spend more time looking for something to watch on netflix don ' t you than actually watching it yeah wanna look in a different section maybe? new releases maybe oh
931. then and then it was just li i was just like i realised cos like all we did we invited everyone basically yeah and then i was just like oh wait oh so i ' m not his friend anymore and thethen it was just like ah a little bit awkward no it wasn ' t like i was sad i was it was just kinda like it sounds so oh and then then it was just
932. ' t think but my dad loves cheese and i had this i had this fake uncle who came to our house in malaysia who stayed there for a while fake? like fake fake erm like family friend yeah like family friends you call uncle oh yeah yeah yeah and like he erm it ' s not real fake sorry go on remember like remember ex - uncle yeah like erm ah he he used to
936. yeah see if i can get out for free off is he really? yeah for free seriously he ' s he ' s done a couple of practice and his friends are free okay i ' m his friend you ' re my friend and ' s friend so that makes you a friend will get him up he ' s got stuff yeah? will you sort out this stores for me please? he ' s got
937. get out for free off is he really? yeah for free seriously he ' s he ' s done a couple of practice and his friends are free okay i ' m his friend you ' re my friend and ' s friend so that makes you a friend will get him up he ' s got stuff yeah? will you sort out this stores for me please? he ' s got the stuff but let him
938. off is he really? yeah for free seriously he ' s he ' s done a couple of practice and his friends are free okay i ' m his friend you ' re my friend and ' s friend so that makes you a friend will get him up he ' s got stuff yeah? will you sort out this stores for me please? he ' s got the stuff but let him do a couple more
939. for free seriously he ' s he ' s done a couple of practice and his friends are free okay i ' m his friend you ' re my friend and ' s friend so that makes you a friend will get him up he ' s got stuff yeah? will you sort out this stores for me please? he ' s got the stuff but let him do a couple more cos obviously i haven '
944. ' s eating and when he ' s watching a film watching peter rabbit ah yeah yeah peter rabbit? mr mcgregor? ah that was funny wasn ' t it? you were telling you know at work friend? mm i was telling him about what was it about your football and your? he was being all and cocky and giving it some yeah oh really? puffing out his shoulders chest playing with his friends
947. cos everyone ' s got these applications they download to their phones and some of them are dating ones and mm you can take the castle out our friend is having a baby he met her online my friend met online well that ' s what he said to me what if she ' s the one? what if? mm and did you say what just out of all those millions and she happens to be the
949. was a scratch i got in trouble for biting a kid on the nipple didn ' t i? that ' s funny that was your best mate as well or something yeah wasn ' t it your best friend? i didn ' t know he was my best mate they were in the queue they were in the queue at the dinner cut in for dinner weren ' t you? and he pushed in so the injustice
953. it ' s er i ' ve i ' ve got friends in who have you made friends with? just sort of ssort of the same people as last year but like one sort of quite good friend erm and then there ' s sort of i dunno if you ever met erm who went to? he ' s i think there ' s only one there ' s only one friend of yours
954. good friend erm and then there ' s sort of i dunno if you ever met erm who went to? he ' s i think there ' s only one there ' s only one friend of yours i remember meeting so er he ' s er he ' s it ' s funny to to be at school with him again because we went different places for sixth form and he ' s er in
963. ' s not loads erm going on i mean i suppose it depends what you do some of the some of erm ' s friends they go fishing every day down the local mm river or another friend of his he ' s working every day for his uncle in his uncle ' s garage on the cars right and the other one i don ' t know what he does he seems to just sit inside with
965. yeah they did yeah and they used to be like the the er advert weren ' t it? pig ' s head in the it was yeah in the window mm that ' s right yeah my friend people er he had his butcher ' s shop didn ' t he? yeah and he had er whole sides of beef come in you know and he used to mm just hang em up in his cold room
968. nowhere oh my god that probably would have been way better for you but i thought it was good like loads of people who like teach you german and like sort of free like food and accommodation my best friend in the course right now is this german girl and she ' s fucking like amazing like she does every single reading and like she ' s fucking clever as all the reading list yeah she lives in like kent
969. were like really like checking me out like you ' re probably like more mature than their husbands yeah probably man i hear about them actually like it ' s funny cos she ' s got this one friend called she ' s quite funny like but really like bossy and like says that she like totally like bosses her fiance around like and then she ' s talking about this guy called and i guess ' s
971. is like toilets on the street everywhere i keep thinking of duchamp now cos it ' d that ' s me on the stage in the club lol it ' s a super club our friend was i was like i ' m just going to dance right next to him is that in paris? yeah i didn ' t even know they had like space for that it ' s called lol so
977. yeah but i think others do though like cos others are family it ' s so weird and i ' m just like oh god like i know that ' s the problem like when you have one friend who knows it just gets out and it ' s just horrible like i had like i think it was three friends that knew at the beginning that was it and then there ' s like there ' s some
980. something like that three hours yeah so i ' ve been planning that as well so my friend in in the netherlands said yeah come and stay for as long as you want she ' s my hippy friend erm we chatted on facebook for about five years in er facebook hippy group and had never met but always got on really well and posted each other little trinkets and cards and nice things
986. to wash them yeah oh dear cos you know of course growing up then in my house there was me my dad mm hm yeah and your brother yeah and my older brother so how embarrassing so my friend would wash my bloody pants when i ' ve read lots of things erm god i ' d forgotten about that there was an article in the guardian about three years ago and i sometimes go back and read
987. yeah hmm yeah that is weird because all these countries have got different and yet you ' re supposed to know them all yeah guess what this means in tunisia milking a cow no you ' re my friend no let ' s go and have a see - saw no mum? i can ' t think drawing a pint either slow down or smaller oh or less mm oh it means shwaya shway
994. ve met two s you haven ' t met the best i think i ' ve probably met the best at some point in my life went to primary school with them all he was best mates with my friend ' s best friend friend ' s brother my friend yeah erm i dunno if you ' ve met the one without the baby her brother one without the baby? yeah there ' s two s i
995. you haven ' t met the best i think i ' ve probably met the best at some point in my life went to primary school with them all he was best mates with my friend ' s best friend friend ' s brother my friend yeah erm i dunno if you ' ve met the one without the baby her brother one without the baby? yeah there ' s two s i don ' t know
996. haven ' t met the best i think i ' ve probably met the best at some point in my life went to primary school with them all he was best mates with my friend ' s best friend friend ' s brother my friend yeah erm i dunno if you ' ve met the one without the baby her brother one without the baby? yeah there ' s two s i don ' t know was
997. best i think i ' ve probably met the best at some point in my life went to primary school with them all he was best mates with my friend ' s best friend friend ' s brother my friend yeah erm i dunno if you ' ve met the one without the baby her brother one without the baby? yeah there ' s two s i don ' t know was she was she there on
998. week being like oh er i don ' t wanna put you with i don ' t wanna put you with i don ' t wanna make you feel uncomfortable i ' m like she ' s still my friend it ' s not that i ' m gonna feel uncomfortable well what would you say to her? what? you ' re a twat? yeah she well you know she really like she did really piss
999. advance yeah erm bearing in mind she did m sh before they ' ve even looked as well yeah and she did miss it last she did miss it last year as well and i am her best friend this isn ' t just like when ' s her birthday? we ' re we ' re busy on her her birthday anyway when ' s her birthday? the f ssomething yeah it ' s three
1000. would be like well i can ask but i but that that ' s that ' s the other thing though like we could i ' d i ' d accommodate because we see he ' s actually a friend yeah we see each oth whereas ' s only see each other so often exactly yeah and that ' s that ' s the thing she still treats me quite casually which i i wouldn ' t mind if
1003. looking for a man like the girl will say i wanna get married yeah and then they ' ll all kind of look for someone suitable amongst their network yeah you know like someone ' s cousin or a friend of a friend yeah and then they kind of vet him like secretly from afar so they ' ll like ask questions yeah and then if they ' re if it ' s all okay then they invite him to
1004. man like the girl will say i wanna get married yeah and then they ' ll all kind of look for someone suitable amongst their network yeah you know like someone ' s cousin or a friend of a friend yeah and then they kind of vet him like secretly from afar so they ' ll like ask questions yeah and then if they ' re if it ' s all okay then they invite him to the house and
1007. he hasn ' t got that relationship with any of us like i know he likes us i know he gets on with you and stuff but would you count him i wouldn ' t count him as a friend no necessarily he ' s still very much ' s boyfriend yeah whereas like i think she like she ' s genuinely built up relationships with his family and his friends and stuff so t is genuinely her friend yeah
1008. friend no necessarily he ' s still very much ' s boyfriend yeah whereas like i think she like she ' s genuinely built up relationships with his family and his friends and stuff so t is genuinely her friend yeah and don ' t ever do anything well you ' ll probably have to but you ' ll se you ' ve got to do it once cos yeah she ' s a bit of a character er
1009. a bit a like you haven ' t made an effort yeah like i don ' t but i go oh he ' s here now yeah i ' m gonna really like introduce and just yeah as a friend you know cos that ' s what you yeah i dunno that ' s just er the way the way it ' ll work and i ' m sure you ' ll be the same like even if
1012. him there ' s something about him that i just don ' t don ' t trust and i feel bad for saying that but i just but you ' re right to have that as a as a friend yeah you ' re allowed to have those reservations and now she ' s talking about him proposing and all this kind of stuff and it ' s ju really? yeah erm i ' ll talk to you
1013. want to share on your own timeline? yeah or no that ' s my timeline oh i ' ve got it or do you want to share on somebody else ' s? or to share on a friend ' s timeline? well it doesn ' t say mother well i ' m classing you as a friend oh right so it ' s s do i want to share it on mine? or do i
1014. it or do you want to share on somebody else ' s? or to share on a friend ' s timeline? well it doesn ' t say mother well i ' m classing you as a friend oh right so it ' s s do i want to share it on mine? or do i want to share it on a friend ' s? i want to share it on a friend ' s click
1015. ' t say mother well i ' m classing you as a friend oh right so it ' s s do i want to share it on mine? or do i want to share it on a friend ' s? i want to share it on a friend ' s click so now it ' s saying which friend? what are you??? so there you are yeah so then i pick who i
1016. as a friend oh right so it ' s s do i want to share it on mine? or do i want to share it on a friend ' s? i want to share it on a friend ' s click so now it ' s saying which friend? what are you??? so there you are yeah so then i pick who i want to share it with so it ' s gone to
1017. i want to share it on mine? or do i want to share it on a friend ' s? i want to share it on a friend ' s click so now it ' s saying which friend? what are you??? so there you are yeah so then i pick who i want to share it with so it ' s gone to mine? yeah right i ' ll have to have another
1020. yeah in england for the these are the type of people that will meet us yeah and er i think they will meet us in africa and i just think yeah we ' re meeting a different class of friend now yeah a different i think you just have to look at the friends that you meet along your journey for a reason at that time they were great friends and you got on this way or that way and
1021. think you just have to look at the friends that you meet along your journey for a reason at that time they were great friends and you got on this way or that way and then you meet another friend and it ' s kind of like mm no definitely i mean when i think of the whole idea that you keep friends for the rest of your life is just not yeah it ' s not really that i
1022. ' t see a lot of ch of each other at all so imagine how that is when you now add living in a different country to that mix i know yeah i do miss having a close close friend i mean i ' ve got yeah which is ' s lovely but is like my sister really i feel bad really that she ' s she is family but i ' ve never really treated it her i mean
1024. inner sanctum which is all done in black and white check oh right it was a little bar and they made their own booze and they ca sadiki is it? sadiki ' s my friend i ' m i suppl no i supplied the whole west of with sadiki no sudoku? did you? well it ' s bloody awful stuff though they do seven up and sadiki well
1025. s well once you ' ve drunk sadiki you don ' t re don ' t forget it do you know what it means? sadiki? no i haven ' t a clue it means my friend oh does it? sadiki is friend and sadiki is my i i could ' ve been in prison for years ten years thrown away the key i was in really dangerous situation but you could ' ve
1026. ##iki you don ' t re don ' t forget it do you know what it means? sadiki? no i haven ' t a clue it means my friend oh does it? sadiki is friend and sadiki is my i i could ' ve been in prison for years ten years thrown away the key i was in really dangerous situation but you could ' ve been it ' s like it ' s
1029. to with the the the old we ' d just sort of hang out all the time and occasionally had like this fe a few of our friends that were were hardly ever in school they er er my friend and and they were right and they were all bit aloof i think right so you never really one? yeah anyway south london is different it ' s a mm different world totally different that ' s the
1030. s er it ' s illegal not to vote i think that ' s oh yeah that ' s kinda cool i know but then still that guy got in yeah that ' s scar well the our australian friend but whewhen when did he? tony abbott? sort of but i think he got in probably a year and a half ago right i don ' t was it a vo but they hate him
1033. a re would you like hhalf? i am full i ' m full as well half hhalf good i am too but you ' re gonna keep eating oh my god we had a friend over did we tell you this? for ' s meatballs he ate twenty meatballs really? yeah i just couldn ' t stop we just couldn ' t believe it we were just er there ' s
1034. ? yeah where does live? so how did they meet? was it work or it wasn ' t work i can ' t remember now do you know i can ' t remember was it through a friend of a through a friend of fr i don ' t know oh i don ' t know they ' re quite keen on each other seem to be i mean it ' s been going on a while hasn
1035. ? so how did they meet? was it work or it wasn ' t work i can ' t remember now do you know i can ' t remember was it through a friend of a through a friend of fr i don ' t know oh i don ' t know they ' re quite keen on each other seem to be i mean it ' s been going on a while hasn ' t it now?
1037. yes we were talking about quilting and we were talking about oral history and how i got involved in this project that ' s how we got to here yeah yeah yes yes yes through through through a friend yes yeah yeah that ' s that ' s brilliant that ' s pretty good yes i ' m going to go round and find people who there ' s there ' s various i ' m supposed to be
1046. doesn ' t look fifty at all wow she really doesn ' t does she? in happy valley she looks about thirty - five max yeah she ' s in bridget jones ' diary as bridget jones ' friend and trainspotting uhhu okay right she ' s saying are you at home? yes and is here too ah oh i wonder she might have messaged me erm cos she said a couple
1050. you seen the thing where they say? are we still erm? hold on they go i used to love erm hey sorry the horrid henry books cos i remember like a real friend doesn ' t mind whether you spelt said s a i d or s e d said that ' s okay go ahead it ' s in the spirit of erm nice that ' s how i spell
1055. thought he was wonderful oh had a good a good old natter oh my husband won ' t come she said not at all was she there on her own then? or? no she had a friend with her other side of her erm yeah they ' d they were very slow never got out of their seats didn ' t move very quickly so it was really busy it was packed and packed? yeah
1061. m like what? what? what? what the fuck? so he ' s been sending like it ' s not his actual cousin he he ' s not actually related right but they might as family friend ' s cousin? but they might as well be related cos they ' ve grown up like obviously cousins right right so it ' s still a bit bit weird fucking weird but anyway she we ' ve
1062. she hadn ' t washed a pot up or something and she walked out like that i ' m a fucking perfect princess she lives in her own world and really like nasty things this is like their best friend yeah and like and then they h they knew they were like oh we can hear you ' re there cos obviously they felt like dicks that they ' d just been bitching about her and she
1063. ' ve been with a boyfriend two years hhow like you don ' t even know me and she said i was all over and i cried so much that night because was meant to be my good friend he didn ' t even stick up for me he w he was slagging me off to all the other lads saying i was all over him and i wasn ' t yeah he w he were the
1064. saw it and and it when it was deleted i were like she ' s been fucking facebook stalking me sent a text said look if you ' re gonna facebook stalk me try not to click the add friend button cos we get a notification and then she were just like ah i was a little birdie told me that you got engaged that ' s why i blocked because i didn ' t know we were
1065. ? yeah well that ' s a fucking long story fucking hell bitch what time is it ten to two? twenty to twenty to two? fucking what a fucking bitch it hurts more because she were my friend yeah and she betrayed me like why was she friends with and that? what did she do to betray? yeah she was friends with erm does anyone want another brew? er? yeah yeah i '
1068. night? well he doesn ' t have a car so i could have sworn dan had a car okay good that ' s fine then huh why did i think dan had a car? cos his friend has a car? no no i just well he might do i don ' t think he does no no maybe not um i ' m i ' m not sure why i thought that i just kind of
1070. one food and you discard two skill cards and i discard three have you got three to discard? yeah he has well i know which one i ' d you can ' t phone a friend in this game no hello? tell em we ' re busy er jumping to hyperspace yes thank you and you? that ' s good have you got your two visitors? i think is it my go
1071. say although your viewpoint is one way it does happen i would also say that there are some things that people have a passion for that isn ' t erm directly caused by familial or friend yeah that ' s good or social constructs and i ' m pleased yes mm like erm example being i mean you you could look at it broadly and say that everything er is caused by social construct
1073. oh the oed allows them now so mm i know must be mm i have got more ideas than that but not many i guess we need to think about whether we want to do it on a friend or foe whether we want to do it on the theme that the box picks out of more mm um which is kind of the two choices that we face and so we came up with sort of choices things
1074. theme that the box picks out of more mm um which is kind of the two choices that we face and so we came up with sort of choices things where they pick up which is kind of where friend or foe came cos they ' re ultimately the two choices mm that there are um but when i was thinking about friend and foe as a theme and thinking of the games that go with that didn '
1075. up with sort of choices things where they pick up which is kind of where friend or foe came cos they ' re ultimately the two choices mm that there are um but when i was thinking about friend and foe as a theme and thinking of the games that go with that didn ' t really link very well into the box which isn ' t necessarily matter yeah that ' s that ' s a good point
1076. ' t really link very well into the box which isn ' t necessarily matter yeah that ' s that ' s a good point cos i hadn ' t thought about that i had just been thinking friend and foe help mm i don ' t know what to do i find um box six a bit of a er mm i don ' t know how to say it i don ' t think it ' s
1077. you know you can you can make that as elaborate as or as simple as you like yeah and you can get them up to do it if they wanted to or mm um it isn ' t really friend or foey but it ' s kind of live this way or live that way yeah um only cos my er main idea was more on the sort of friend or foe not choices cos it was
1078. mm um it isn ' t really friend or foey but it ' s kind of live this way or live that way yeah um only cos my er main idea was more on the sort of friend or foe not choices cos it was things like mm um put around the room various um i don ' t know like superheroes mhm or whatever and their nemeses and their sidekicks and
1079. s no point being unrealistic just er eight forty big game noisy big game um so the other ideas i had er we could adapt giants wizards and dwarfs mhm because that ' s kind of friend or foe like um we could do something called twin tag which is a bit like it or you could do a variation perhaps like stick in the mud where everyone runs round with like arm linked with somebody else
1080. ? yeah it could be a game c or could run off backwards but er there ' s some you could probably do something like that um you could do um say talking about sort of fr foe um friend how many people can we get into an area or into a tab onto a table but not up here like low down so could we get everybody standing on a table this size? well yes could we get
1081. are three ways to live that ' s true i just realized that maybe we sh shouldn ' t do that i just realized that maybe we could just do it with two and either you ' re a friend or a foe either you ' re the same but that doesn ' t really work either but maybe it ' s epistemologically too tight mm you want to avoid stalemate one don ' t
1082. work either but maybe it ' s epistemologically too tight mm you want to avoid stalemate one don ' t you that ' s the thing yeah um hm what other choices games or friend or foe games are there? maybe we should just do giants wizards and dwarfs because it fi fits with like friend and foe and it ' s quite fun and if we d do it the last game it
1083. don ' t you that ' s the thing yeah um hm what other choices games or friend or foe games are there? maybe we should just do giants wizards and dwarfs because it fi fits with like friend and foe and it ' s quite fun and if we d do it the last game it doesn ' t really matter that it doesn ' t really tie in with the question of the week cos it
1084. ve got i don ' t know their their name or of who they are or their team or whatever stuck on their back and they have to sort themselves out and find out whether they ' re a friend or a foe to the people hm who they ' re with but it ' s more of an opener than a an eight forty game mm quite like the idea though of having some kind of category then they
1085. mistakes and things like that but i couldn ' t work out how to do that or mafia or mafia yeah where you ' ve got somebody who um yeah you don ' t know if they ' re friend or foe and you ' ve gotta work it out oh let ' s play mafia i like mafia okay i never really played mafia so you can run you can run mafia the boys love mafia don ' t
1086. an asian area on christmas day and had to go to a corner shop well there ' s an asian around a corner shop up in go up there on next christmas and see okay why have you written friend? i ' m making notes i ' m not your friend i ' m your mother no this is su subject matters oh i ' m when are you going to write the rest of your? i '
1087. corner shop well there ' s an asian around a corner shop up in go up there on next christmas and see okay why have you written friend? i ' m making notes i ' m not your friend i ' m your mother no this is su subject matters oh i ' m when are you going to write the rest of your? i ' ve been here peruvian jaunts cos i feel you
1088. i ' d got it so i wouldn ' t give them anything that had hollies on it or mm merry christmas written on it or something no i i i ' m ' s a special friend and she always goes gets goes ridiculous yeah on my birthday so i ' ll have to get her something more than a bath set anyway that ' s what i was thinking about december birthdays erm said
1090. it ' s snowing is that the fact you like it ' s snowing or you fact you like that they said it ' s snowing? or is it just because they ' re your friend and you think mm they ' ve not got enough likes? you just yeah you just at this stage and like everything yeah yeah oh yeah it is funny some of the things people put put on there mm
1096. coffees mm with cream? i love any kind of coffee yeah i ' m a coffee addict yeah like those very nice it ' s funny that isn ' t it? my friend erm our friend erm he a he drank far too much coffee and he got really ill you can and you can exacerbate erm you can do yourself some damage your pressure as well oh if you drink
1098. also if you know people who know them then that ' ll help as well mm cos they won ' t want to be horrible to you in case that dents yeah their friendship with the mutual friend yeah so i don ' t see enough of anyone anyway yeah yeah for it to be a problem but i can see your household being quite a peaceful one now just seems so quiet he is really quiet it
1100. opposite the tram oh cool yes maybe or further down the road there ' s yeah another bookshop that i know sells cards cool one for my dad which is gonna be late and one for my best friend which is gonna be late late ah well but i ' ve sent the i ' ve got the presents yeah off amazon yeah sending my friend a book er it ' s the book that i ' m reading
1101. my dad which is gonna be late and one for my best friend which is gonna be late late ah well but i ' ve sent the i ' ve got the presents yeah off amazon yeah sending my friend a book er it ' s the book that i ' m reading but i think he ' ll like it you know have this sort of he ' s you know probably my best friend mm er she '
1102. yeah sending my friend a book er it ' s the book that i ' m reading but i think he ' ll like it you know have this sort of he ' s you know probably my best friend mm er she ' s funny erm he ' s oh really quite a kind of complex character his name is mm we ' ve known each other since we were sort of fifteen and he used he lived
1103. re such a nuisance they are you were going to save up for a reduction op weren ' t you? at one point no i wouldn ' t no no or was that? was that my friend? yeah no i would never mess with nature no that was my friend ' s my friend that was gonna do that yeah cos hers are huge too yeah it wouldn ' t even be the cost if
1104. a reduction op weren ' t you? at one point no i wouldn ' t no no or was that? was that my friend? yeah no i would never mess with nature no that was my friend ' s my friend that was gonna do that yeah cos hers are huge too yeah it wouldn ' t even be the cost if i ' d got the money i wouldn ' t no cos it
1105. ' t you? at one point no i wouldn ' t no no or was that? was that my friend? yeah no i would never mess with nature no that was my friend ' s my friend that was gonna do that yeah cos hers are huge too yeah it wouldn ' t even be the cost if i ' d got the money i wouldn ' t no cos it i just think no
1113. king and ten hour shift is just going to be a killer so he may call on the way back from seeing his mum or if he can fit it in who ' s this? my friend the friend no no went to uni with him long time lived in italy with him yeah it ' s just like me but a boy which is a bit weird yeah pretty much there ' s two of you out
1117. mosquitos and you kind of think that it ' s too cold or something mm mm but no you can go colder and there ' s that it i don ' t really make any sense mm my friend i ' ve met some people now that have done some insane journeys and a friend of mine has just finished the pacific crest trail i don ' t know if you ' ve ever heard of it it '
1120. everyone else yeah is over it er except for me yeah oh it ' s a shame he can ' t come and you know i don ' t like it so why would you do that for a friend? cos you ' d like it really no i don ' t i hate it it gives you more attention i hate it and you like attention well why can ' t he come? he ' s
1124. i don ' t understand why it would be of value to anybody but i think sometimes people can ' t make the distinction can they mhm between the two as something like you say not seen a friend for ages yeah and meeting up with them yeah is the same to some people as saying i brushed my teeth at ten o ' clock at night yeah this is it cos they ' ve just put it
1125. change the person but they ' ll change mhm the name on facebook yeah and you know they ' ll hm then sort of maybe delete somebody and then they might add them back on as a friend or something as being good experience to have yeah yeah have a good experience together but but yeah but you can pretty much do anything yeah on on facebook good and bad yeah oldham athletic have a facebook page yeah
1126. that ' s absolutely true yeah yeah yeah but yeah no it ' s yeah okay yeah so er yeah ah it er yeah it ' s funny the thing where they people deleting you as a friend you sometimes think oh what have i done to them? and they ' ll take you you off as a friend and sometimes it ' s a mistake it ' s not that they won ' t even add
1127. er yeah it ' s funny the thing where they people deleting you as a friend you sometimes think oh what have i done to them? and they ' ll take you you off as a friend and sometimes it ' s a mistake it ' s not that they won ' t even add you back on then the next day yeah sometimes it ' s a mistake and um yeah it ' s like one
1130. for the green man? because cos no but but our our our like but we pay but we pay for this safe system coming back to your to your to your to your erstwhile imminent friend doctor or whatever his name is i d i do cross the road without a green man like that ' s what i said well i said but close enough mm yeah like if he was measuring it in mort
1132. know yeah no but i guess that ' s sunday and they were where are you lot off to? i saw them did you ask em where they were going? no i saw actually it was my friend it was my friend and he ' s like he was like he was like yeah i ' ve got tonight i ' ve got i ' ve got half price i ' ve gotta walk he ' s like
1133. i guess that ' s sunday and they were where are you lot off to? i saw them did you ask em where they were going? no i saw actually it was my friend it was my friend and he ' s like he was like he was like yeah i ' ve got tonight i ' ve got i ' ve got half price i ' ve gotta walk he ' s like i ' ve gotta
1134. ' ve fallen out lately right they haven ' t been erm friends for like two months and said the other day she found in ' s diary like erm this like letter that sent to her friend saying i miss you so much and i ' m just so sad that we can ' t be friends but it ' s just so hard when two friends love the same boy who ' s the boy?
1135. always used you know wanted and she ' s like putting the moves on me you know no i ' m serious she goes first of all she ' s like you know you ' re my favourite adult friend buttering me up right that ' s what i say to it ' s fine and then she ' s like you ' re my favourite adult friend and then she ' s like let ' s just take
1136. s like you know you ' re my favourite adult friend buttering me up right that ' s what i say to it ' s fine and then she ' s like you ' re my favourite adult friend and then she ' s like let ' s just take our clothes off and you put your arms around me and let ' s act like we ' re in love and she ' s like please please please
1138. and was really surprised cos he was less wasted than i was said you were dancing by yourself in er yeah i was er for about four hours that was so funny man and he was like my friend thinks cr you ' re totally crazy like he ' s like woah your flatmate oh the guy that owns the place? like the dj guy? yeah who er it was right? yeah oh yeah
1140. ' m and i would just like i ' m done i ' m not gonna tell him unless he asks yeah or the third option which is what i ' m doing is just like just be his friend and i ' m n i ' m i he ' s been way too rude to too many people and to me like i ' m d i ' m fucking done i ' m bored of that yeah
1141. your what ' s your? just hanging out with a dick i was just saying the third option ' s third option is hanging out with people who are rude ah yeah he ' s gonna be a friend to him er i can explain like my yeah but he ' s really rude yeah but he ' s also like a friend like with plenty of flaws but who is like i think genuinely a good person okay
1142. hanging out with people who are rude ah yeah he ' s gonna be a friend to him er i can explain like my yeah but he ' s really rude yeah but he ' s also like a friend like with plenty of flaws but who is like i think genuinely a good person okay well that ' s yeah that ' s your opinion i disagree i think i ' m obviously more in the middle like i
1143. ' s quite funny to hang out with him yeah history and stuff that yeah you ' re right no it ' s not cos he ' s a good person yeah he ' s kind of a friend in a way and er you can have lolz with him i dunno yeah on balance it ' s a bit fucked but i will i will see him and like be mates but just keep it one
1144. expect the worst from him you know but like talk to him yeah yeah i guess i guess i yeah you ' re right i guess i ' ve i ' ve probably never really consciously had er any friend who who i would mm yeah it ' s definitely a weird one erm er i i just find it f i feel like he i feel like for him he has a whole s different set of rules
1148. that person if you just well i don ' t understand the satisfaction yeah well they want to go up on the leader board mm i think cos like on the facebook thing you can like invite your friend to play with you or you can just be paired with like a random person who also wants to play yeah but erm none of my friends ever wanted to play scrabble or like i ' d
1151. pop down tomorrow who ' s? erm the contractor did you erm manage to help at all with all that stuff? yeah yeah i think so did you ever meet his his friend his armenian friend who he does a lot of work with? er no i haven ' t? yeah this is really funny this little briefcase this makes me laugh yeah ' ll probably have hysterics when we walk
1152. in the end? well actually no no the only reason i did it wasn ' t cos he had a girl it wasn ' t cos he said he had a girlfriend it was because his friend was like by the way he ' s got a girlfriend i was like shit i was like it must be like quite serious if your friend is telling me that you ' ve got a girlfriend oh god awful
1153. cos he said he had a girlfriend it was because his friend was like by the way he ' s got a girlfriend i was like shit i was like it must be like quite serious if your friend is telling me that you ' ve got a girlfriend oh god awful people so he was like at the house party as well they turned up like it was like it was like erm ' s party mm
1154. was like it was like everyone knew each other it was like it wasn ' t like and it was like really annoyingly like trendy trendy people he b like so he brought he brought his friend and then they brought these two girls and they were so fucking annoying and i you know when you ' re like they were like just standing in the corner like judging and it was like really unpleasant i was
1155. was difficult because like cos you ' re cos you can keep things from the parents? hhe like and like the the but they also had like no that ' s it it was my friend and they came over from vietnam that was right oh god and no sorry i remembered i love the change no no i just couldn ' t remember why? what was the original? i just couldn ' t
1157. have you invited him some to something? no i really think he ' d get on really well with which one ' s? the really handsome like grey haired guy oh my god what? ' s friend? yeah oh my god yeah he would i think he ' d be the perfect match yeah shall i shall i hook them? shall i set them up? who ' s who? well so i facebook
1158. would i think he ' d be the perfect match yeah shall i shall i hook them? shall i set them up? who ' s who? well so i facebook i like added him as a friend and i said if he sends a message to someone what? the one j what? the one that you snogged? let ' s just finish hhow this night ended by the way by the
1159. snogged? let ' s just finish hhow this night ended by the way by the way no no but so this night ended by he ' s great he ' s like a really good friend of er a really another really good friend of ours and and had s a snog with him for like all night from what i hear from for from all night he was a pretty so he was
1160. finish hhow this night ended by the way by the way no no but so this night ended by he ' s great he ' s like a really good friend of er a really another really good friend of ours and and had s a snog with him for like all night from what i hear from for from all night he was a pretty so he was a pretty reliable source doesn ' t bullshit
1161. message box? i think it does go into er maybe it depends if you ' re friends of friends but i think it goes into okay and then what happens if you then er add them as a friend? does it then get comes up? no it no it doesn ' t no you have to send it again okay i ' m gonna send it again also did i did i say? cos otherwise
1162. when you have to really stop yourself? yeah i was gonna like at the end i was like i was like hey i was like i was like i think you ' d really get on with my friend but i didn ' t i stopped myself cos you know i just but i was mm it ' s too much was this the guy that told you about that girl? oh no no no no no
1163. became friends yeah just send it again it ' ll be funnier no cos i might have to see him again such a fucking weirdo that that message well there ' s a there is a friend there is a friend who i strongly believe that you should go on a drink with are you up for a touch of the random? in brackets i am ' s friend ah there ' s chanting there is
1164. send it again it ' ll be funnier no cos i might have to see him again such a fucking weirdo that that message well there ' s a there is a friend there is a friend who i strongly believe that you should go on a drink with are you up for a touch of the random? in brackets i am ' s friend ah there ' s chanting there is chanting do you think
1165. ' s a there is a friend there is a friend who i strongly believe that you should go on a drink with are you up for a touch of the random? in brackets i am ' s friend ah there ' s chanting there is chanting do you think he ' ll be? do you think he ' ll drink? do you think he thinks that ' s weird? should i not send it again
1166. this great baby look how adorable it is ah that ' s really sweet i mean as like newborn baby pics go is that ' s? it ' s a pretty good one no this is my friend ' s i ' d be so happy if had a lovely my lovely he was a friend of mine from new zealand who was your most socially awkward friend? get him up on facebook or her on facebook
1167. newborn baby pics go is that ' s? it ' s a pretty good one no this is my friend ' s i ' d be so happy if had a lovely my lovely he was a friend of mine from new zealand who was your most socially awkward friend? get him up on facebook or her on facebook alright okay will do i ' m gonna get out my mine it ' s a guy called
1168. s a pretty good one no this is my friend ' s i ' d be so happy if had a lovely my lovely he was a friend of mine from new zealand who was your most socially awkward friend? get him up on facebook or her on facebook alright okay will do i ' m gonna get out my mine it ' s a guy called uhu doesn ' t look like he ' s changed much
1169. r actually really handsome he looks about five yeah but that ' s how i that ' s old i w knew when i knew him oh right okay and i ' m and he ' s still a friend of mine but he ' s really handsome yeah i used i used to go to his house every single day i really wanna like that when you ' re five it ' s i mean it ' s fine
1171. no er i know it was really awkward like a month after they got married we were at er another friend of ours ' wedding in and er we had this like who ' s going out with my friend who ' s brilliant erm we like were having this like we were having this funny conversation and came in and she was like she was like guys she ' s like i ' ve gotta tell you she
1173. the park mate honestly it ' s doing that and this ah okay i ' ll let you off you just lost it yeah like that shall we cross over the road? no cross the over road my friend yeah yeah it ' s like did we not bring out any water or anything? no no no oh dear me didn ' t even bring my sunglasses well we ' re only a five minute walk from home
1175. a picture with him oh i don ' t know why i was taking them and then it ' s not usually me to turn down a selfie i know you could have added him to your luke friend and who is? who else have you got? ainsley harriott or someone? oh no i saw ainsley harriott and i didn ' t so take a picture so did he just
1176. so take a picture so did he just chat to you then? was it just you she ' s o in particular? she only had a selfie with that what ' s he called? luke friend oh yeah who did you what why did he just come and speak to you? or was it like an event and he was under a gazebo and you went to speak to him? wayne hemingway?
1177. talk to them and some of them looked and said well who is he? and well he ' s luke hemingway the luke hemingway? design luke? luke hemingway? wayne we i ' m getting luke friend mixed up wayne hemingway the designer right? so somebody googled how did you recognise him? i just recognised him did he look like a designer was he arty? hey have ever seen the picture?
1178. that knows everything was telling me what it was i don ' t take it in cos i don ' t actually care who told you what it was? well it ' s it ' s my friend she ' s a a sort of a b class friend i have a class mm friends and b class friends you you ' ve classified your friends well the a class friends are real friends the b class friends
1179. ' t take it in cos i don ' t actually care who told you what it was? well it ' s it ' s my friend she ' s a a sort of a b class friend i have a class mm friends and b class friends you you ' ve classified your friends well the a class friends are real friends the b class friends are sort of just above acquaintances oh right okay but she
1181. cat she ' s called she sits in the window just sort of like looking like this saying oh here she comes again not bothered and it ' s a cat thing but obviously waiting like almost like a friend you know like when you were a kid yeah and your friends come over and knock knock for you to come and play and she ' s not having it she just doesn ' t you know she ' s
1182. would really help you no so at least one advantage of not having a facebook account yes i don ' t think it ' s something that really appeals to me i think if i want to tell a friend something or if i want to tell my family something then i ' d rather meet them and tell them personally mm or tell them over the telephone rather than just put it out there and then you have to
1185. designer stuff it ' s always from the retail park no thank you retail park? retail world retail park ' s got a fabulous one well she ' s a well lucky you ' ve made a new friend today haven ' t you? what your scottish guy? my scottish man you didn ' t mind me doing that did you? did you think no i loved it what on earth is happening? i thought
1189. to where? where ' s that? in town who are you going there with? he ' s just text me actually um yes babe who ' s? oh he ' s a really really old friend he ' s um tut he ' s um he owns um tut temple gym in town you know temple gym? by the um mm no god um i ' ve he ' s been my friend
1190. he ' s um tut he ' s um he owns um tut temple gym in town you know temple gym? by the um mm no god um i ' ve he ' s been my friend for about since i was about eighteen can ' t you get a free gym membership with him then? oh god it ' s like a bodybuilding thing oh the w the women in there are all like
1191. even spoke to him on the phone the other day about him giving me some money for this uh - huh but the thing is i didn ' t really wanna ask him mm because he ' s a friend and he cos he gave me my deposit like i i just feel a bit bad but he did mention it so or er tut you know view it as a loan? and give it him back
1192. but he ' s er he ' s done well for w you know for er for the amount of time cool and i think he ' s doing supplements and things like that my s he ' s friend with my sister as well but um so what time are you gonna meet him? i dunno i was just texting him now cos um it ' s half five now i didn ' t realize
1194. ' s not that i ' m not i don ' t dislike her she ' s alright you know she ' s not one of my close friends you know i i like her when you said my friend well i see her a lot yes well yes she ' s got i think she ' s kind of grounded herself a lot more than she used to be she used to be very loud and ah well she
1196. that was nice mm mm mm she ' s very well but very immobile she ' s got less mobile but she ' s now ninety - four i think mm mm yes i made a very good friend of her bit late in life to develop sort of woman friends but genuinely so still a bit of cheese left mm mm mm mm mm well you ' ve met her? no no? mm i heard a
1197. ' ll have to be you and dad but that would be good for you cos that was that was really really handy yeah so friends with if you start your turn in the same city as a friend you may look at but not rearrange the top two cards of the player deck rivals with when a rival plays or discards a card you will immediately discard any two cards that pick it up
1198. then it could have been bad and would have as in it would have been like wouldn ' t have been allowed to have that one yeah but having said that got to remember that left ' s best friend for for yeah ah yeah i well no he didn ' t leave her for well no that was his ex that was his ex previous one yeah and then before that he ' d been going out with '
1199. the crypt and in the crypt there was this school party with this teacher young teacher like yeah let ' s imagine there and not a teacher any more and er isn ' t she? oh yeah your friend and then there was er just as a side note didn ' t know what ebola was didn ' t she? no well she didn ' t know who the bnp were she doesn ' t know
1200. mum there we are girlfriend ' s mum is in hospital she ' s got some special disease called yellow finger or something which means you ' ve got very short life expectancy not as bad as your friend and whatever but she ' s well bearing in mind she ' s probably only in her forties yeah oh good lord and she ' s collapsed and is in hospital good lord these northern women eh? northern
1202. yeah oh good lord and she ' s collapsed and is in hospital good lord these northern women eh? northern lasses yeah so what ' s your friend ' s mum ' s erm my closest friend at work uh huh his girlfriend ' s mum died oh she dropped dead ran she ' s she ' s very much a christian yeah very involved with her local church called them up one day when she was
1203. at a may ball so yeah we could um could do that i really do want to go to um at a pinch and tr er at some point? no no that ' s just too need a friend um and remember you have to get us tickets for next year yes good white tie? yeah okay that ' d be would white tie be good? we ' d have to buy some but yeah you '
1205. a code word and it has to be like a bad pun or something and then i ' ll ring you up and be like oh my god i need your help right away like i ' m my friend is in crisis yeah come and rescue me from the yeah i ' m sure he ' ll be very nice though no i think he will like if he ' s cos english boys are usually okay oh
1206. just meet him though and then i just look take one look at him and just think no i know that sounds mean up and be like oh shit i forgot i was meant to meet up with my friend but that ' s mean yeah but i don ' t know it ' s just and it ch you know what i mean though? if you look at them not just look at them and think they '
1207. with me like i can ' t blame that completely on that ' s like me as well yeah but i just think that she like i think she ' s just been a bit of a piss poor friend to you but i also can ' t tell recently i also can ' t tell how much she ' s picked up on stuff like do you think she senses that like she needs like to make more effort
1208. ' s that? and i said oh just a mate yeah which it is in my eyes like it ' s not really like mm i would describe as a mate but really has never my been my friend yeah or never well be my friend but then i think no like so because you didn ' t i was wrong for doing that but i didn ' t wanna then because you didn ' t mention it it
1209. oh just a mate yeah which it is in my eyes like it ' s not really like mm i would describe as a mate but really has never my been my friend yeah or never well be my friend but then i think no like so because you didn ' t i was wrong for doing that but i didn ' t wanna then because you didn ' t mention it it shows it doesn ' t mean anything
1210. think so is it that we ' ve met? no another? mm was it someone she met on tinder? yeah have we seen that picture and we were i feel like we might and his friend ' s with do you remember went on a date is it the one the one that was with that guy? yeah yeah you remember him? yeah he ' s friends with him and appar is he
1211. and was like erm how do you know them? and she ' s like oh they ' re like you know my really good friends and he was like oh yeah i used to see and your friend really hates me and i was like cos apparently when i was drunk i went to him and i was like you ' re a dick so er that sounds like something you ' d do yeah that sounds
1212. kid and that ' s just an expensive expensive holiday to do that or an expensive nanny well exactly erm but they were saying it is really awkward because like you ' re not rejecting them as a friend and you ' re not saying that their life choice is is bad but you ' re just saying that in certain in certain situations situations it ' s not you shouldn ' t bring a child it ' s
1214. we ' re going for drinks at ' s at twelve do you know who ' s on my flight? who ' s? is yeah that ' s what i said is j erm an old friend of ' s are you still doing christmas at erm who i was at school with who ' s are you still doing christmas at erm ' s? yeah good but without what are you doing?
1215. about freaky student boob poker i ' m sorry i wouldn ' t poke the boob of somebody i worked with apart from i wouldn ' t ppoke a boob of anybody even your friend you wouldn ' t yeah exactly it ' s just a strange thing to do anyway mm i ' m well aware i ' ve got a hole stop pointing out all my flaws like making me feel vulnerable like
1216. extremely pissed you kicked off when he shaved his head oh god he shaved his head? he was so ugly for so long i was just just check what his ears look like before it happens because my friend did that yeah no he doesn ' t have big ears he ' s got quite tiny ears but that ' s look at the penis guys so does it instant look how skinny it is does it instantly get
1219. and she you know and she says because she lost her husband a couple of years four years ago and so got a lot clo closer more than just being a work colleague and you know a real friend and all the other bits of pieces yeah and she says well you know what like yeah and i said yeah okay yeah we do and then they he comes to he comes to fetch linda quite often and he
1229. feel like er if i do it really like every so often it gets less scary because yeah i ' m doing it more often i ' m not like leaving it for ages you ' re doing it friend oh come on okay there are two new emails shit no i ' ve read these what ' s that? i don ' t care don ' t ca none of us care no one cares nobody cares oh
1230. ' d like to think i would but i don ' t know if i ' ve got the motivation do you know what it ' s about? it is about connections just make sure you have a friend once you ' re out of here who is like in the connected to that business sort of yeah business yeah like a publisher someone like in a magazine or just anyone to do with that and then they '
1241. they ' re like obviously they ' re so wasted and like like and they ' d be it ' s like actually the phone is like like my phone they ' re like my phone looks like my friend looks like a fucking pringle what? that ' s amazing they just have a pretty good and like hey they ' re such a can you phone me up please? yeah she ' s like guys
1243. i was like had moved to and be like and i ' m only just realising half of that shit now like i didn ' t like go to my parents ' house where like my mum ' s friend ' s like you know an art dealer or like works in yeah yeah you don ' t like have a conversation about francis bacon when i was like sixteen yeah like you di i was the same mm you
1246. i didn ' t give her your name but i was like my flatmate and me it ' s just like no no that ' s fine i like it when people talk about me oh my lovely friend you can talk about me all you want my wonderful friend okay oh look it knows i ' m in how mysterious and scary is that? they know we ' re in? it ' s really scary actually
1247. like my flatmate and me it ' s just like no no that ' s fine i like it when people talk about me oh my lovely friend you can talk about me all you want my wonderful friend okay oh look it knows i ' m in how mysterious and scary is that? they know we ' re in? it ' s really scary actually how do they know that? they must work something they
1248. not meant to be i don ' t think i don ' t think it was well it was a very it was a very nice conversation we had and i ' d so be cool with being his friend but the thing is about guys like sometimes when you just wanna be their friend they ' re just not interested in you any more yeah and that ' s really stupid but it ' s the way it seems
1249. was well it was a very it was a very nice conversation we had and i ' d so be cool with being his friend but the thing is about guys like sometimes when you just wanna be their friend they ' re just not interested in you any more yeah and that ' s really stupid but it ' s the way it seems to be no it ' s no stupid look at that no i don '
1252. occasion i met them on mm but you know er yeah it ' s when you just have a brilliant rip - roaring night of laughter er yeah and yyou exchange facebook details maybe even become their facebook friend in the pub there and then and think you ' re gonna be friends for life yeah and then never speak to them again cos you ' ve met this wonderful person yeah yeah yeah there ' s one
1253. m just trying that out yeah mm do you d pla do you play with other people online? erm yeah i don ' t know who they are like okay unless i wanna play with my friend then i can and when you skype do you have anybody else skype that you don ' t know? no they ' re all people like that you ' ve been to school with? yeah or
1254. have anybody else skype that you don ' t know? no they ' re all people like that you ' ve been to school with? yeah or people that i know from england like ' s friend that that might come round ' s house then i know him okay like? yeah he went round ' s house one time when i was there and he was kind of we were just kind of friends so
1256. erm there was a years ago there was a coffee shop a very small coffee shop where? and erm it was run by this woman and her husband and it was their son who was a friend of mm and mine i do remember the name yeah not his daughter ' s ffamous she ' s in eastenders really? yeah and erm anyway erm she er she had an operation just before
1258. they s erm was very young did you hear about ' s dad? yes i did yeah yeah that was um yeah that was a bit sad did you hear about erm and ' s old friend as well erm no i remember big goal guy yeah yeah massive guy yeah he erm hung himself while his child was he was with his child he said i ' m just going out to the garage
1262. she? well he ' s gonna pay for everything and like you know she ' s doing all that and then erm yeah? and then other one who ' s kinda more like my my kinda friend mm you know she ' s just now awakening from kind of sixteen years of parenthood oh really? yeah and kinda wants to do her own thing now you know i think parenthood you know weird it
1263. insane it ' s terrible it ' s degra it ' s like the whole thing is degraded mm it ' s so funny because you know it reminds me of best b my brother ' s best friend musician yeah who is a saxophonist yeah and er he apparently er is doing a lot of translating jobs because that makes more money i mean well well that ' s a sliding scale so we know that musicians make
1265. i ' ll have to get them off her mm and they ' re just totally kind of dreamy and erm kinda otherwordly mm so yeah kinda funny yogic times so this is my friend with like this yoga guy mm doing it all the way mm well they ' re doing a headstand oh my gosh that ' s incredible hilarious she ' s twist and he ' s he '
1268. like half the twix that ' s alien racist you ' re being xenophobic you just said the n word it ' s allowed no it ' s not i ' ve got a black friend who said i ' m allowed to say it i have a black housemate i ' ve got i ' ve got written permission i ' ve got a nigger pass i ' ve got a nigger
1272. the first time that happened i was like wait what? oh wha and there was one point i caught ' s eye and we just started giggling i felt really mean mm cos i think his friend clearly saw i was laughing at him ah and i didn ' t wanna be mean he was lovely though i actually think wednesday was such a good day like genuinely i got home and i was really happy mm
1275. culture says the only time he ' s seen me be irritated is with my children yo ho ho went to see quite a good gig last night it was erm had this friend ' s ' s friend but i knew him before he ' s called he ' s qu sort of quite crazy german guy with really long blonde hair he ' s a musician and he er he ' s quite good at finding er
1277. he was called there ' s a story when he was about er seventeen eighteen and erm he managed to fracture a girl ' s both the girl ' s legs by having sex with her and her friend what? yeah my word well well he had cramp in his hand i wouldn ' t want to know what he was doing had cramp in his hand? yeah and like yeah i ' m not
1280. ? i don ' t know i don ' t know if you do it without i don ' t know if i can get it on somebody else ' s you haven ' t accepted us as a friend yet have you? but there ' s probably you ' ve got to accept us as a friend we ' ve got to accept you as a friend we put it in didn ' t we? did you
1281. t know if i can get it on somebody else ' s you haven ' t accepted us as a friend yet have you? but there ' s probably you ' ve got to accept us as a friend we ' ve got to accept you as a friend we put it in didn ' t we? did you? when you l when you last came up we right we put in and then if you '
1282. ' s you haven ' t accepted us as a friend yet have you? but there ' s probably you ' ve got to accept us as a friend we ' ve got to accept you as a friend we put it in didn ' t we? did you? when you l when you last came up we right we put in and then if you ' re friend you can see see all of them it
1283. ve got to accept you as a friend we put it in didn ' t we? did you? when you l when you last came up we right we put in and then if you ' re friend you can see see all of them it ' s cos you there ' s pictures on there from the end but i ' ve got some on my camera anyway i can show you but erm yeah
1284. rucksack mm and they went off they went off walk walk miles all around the pair of them mm and then he was telling me about his journey back he said well my friends i forget his friend ' s name well i forget his name as well but taking me down to the station at wherever and he was telling me the time and i ' ve got i ' ve got to catch that train and
1286. is she in or in? she ' s in oh the girl who in a cake shop? still the same one? yeah excellent what ' s her name? er? yes useful terribly useful my friend all her up to a certain point all her boyfriends were called and so we we all said it ' s very convenient we ' d just say how ' s? and it didn ' t matter we
1290. chicken do you? well you know what would be like she would like mum wouldn ' t mind i really really want one yes she ' s we ' ve got a massive garden whose friends was whose friend was it who was it? oh yeah you didn ' t even like yeah she was er y yeah oh yeah the one who had the chicken yeah and so i phoned her dad up and said i
1295. not having one? no cos i ' ve had too much coffee today ah i feel i hate when someone makes you a brew and then doesn ' t have one yourself i ' m sorry bad friend that ' s alright forgiven but thank you very much that ' s very kind no you ' re welcome it ' s just i ' ve just finished this coffee and i thought oh my god i ' ve
1298. okay i said alright i ' m getting the eleven train i ' m gonna be at dresden about i ' m gonna be at dresden at erm twenty past eleven or her whenever is this a germany friend? yeah and she went there isn ' t a train at eleven there i and i said well you know it ' s erm ten fifty - seven she went oh okay that ' s fine th yes
1300. from school yeah she ' s had a printer for him and she ' s stuff from school for him apparently he helps her out just as much apparently with what? i dunno being there as a friend? i dunno i don ' t like i don ' t know i don ' t like i can ' t really have an opinion cos i don ' t know him reckon he ' s just
1304. it ' s a massive massive problem it ' s a huge thing starting a massive commitment and you ' re penalized for doing it on your own yeah you know if i was going in with a friend or boyfriend mm you you know mm i know you ' re you ' re in a better position well you mi you know that that ' s you know at some point that will happen well who knows but
1308. towards the value of present ' s still the same? still the same way better if you win what? but what if you win and you get free money? way better yeah i think if a friend gave me a scratch card i would test for it yeah definitely upgrading don ' t you wish they had still on myspace of top friends? i do rank your friends fucking hell but that was so and then
1309. down for ages dude i was so yeah people really oh no it opens in another page right? i find it so fun i know when one girl that i barely knew made me her number one top friend oh oh you know but i felt so embarrassed by that i never really spoke to her again oh my god that ' s so embarrassing i thought it was so weird oh my god what an idiot i know
1310. drove it back to the bus station and like ten minutes to go back that was amazing what happened like took me off the bus and like walked me to the right bus and i was like to his friend like make sure mick jagger gets to and when we were in mexico and that guy was talking to us we were buying cigarettes and he was like you look like mick jagger and you were like that ' s
1312. s like a great device what else do bros like? word up plato yeah? well basically what he was on about there ' s like he was like and he ' s like the one at his friend ' s trying to get him to leave the jail he ' s like socrates we ' ve got to get the fuck out of here man so great and so glate great where ' s anyway? i
1324. unhappy cos it sounds like he ' s living in denial a little bit which probably means he is kind of a bit unhappy he said well you know i just don ' t want to lose a friend over it mm and i was like well to be honest i think i ' m coming to the realization that perhaps you can ' t be friends with an ex not immediately you know and he said yeah we
1338. really friendly and you know with like swinging stable doors and everything ' s wood and yeah and there was that guy in the bathroom and he was like he was started humming amazing grace or something and his friend was like why are you singing man? and he was like i sing when i ' m scared cos he was scared of emi sunshine it was good but yeah li and they had like posters on the
1339. gave me you know er asked me oh are you on wechat? and i said no so we don ' t wanna yeah you on wechat? i ' ve had a couple of friend requests from the students but mm you now it ' s just see i don ' t wanna that ' s see my point no i don ' t understand it but she took our class to to watch er
1344. erm what time did i finish work? or what time was i actually out till? erm i finished work at nine and then i went to erm my friend ' s to meet my friend erm i went to meet my friend erm and at hers and then we walked into erm the city erm but the actual i had my phone up until erm araround three that
1353. it ' s funny i i ' ve read it oh you read it? mm together with their families and this time we mean it beautiful bride and handsome groom good french accent request the pleasures of and friend to and friend and their at their wedding on wednesday the twenty - sixth of august two thousand and fifteen at two pm that will finally give our parents peace of mind once and for all isn ' t that
1354. funny i i ' ve read it oh you read it? mm together with their families and this time we mean it beautiful bride and handsome groom good french accent request the pleasures of and friend to and friend and their at their wedding on wednesday the twenty - sixth of august two thousand and fifteen at two pm that will finally give our parents peace of mind once and for all isn ' t that sweet? yeah
1355. like thirty pounds probably no it was less twenty? twenty - five pounds mm i might go to poland go go to but erm where are we going? well come with us got such a funny friend or ' s got a funny friend who ' s a polish lady erm the who lives there? no she lives in london oh this erm wedding will probably be a full blown catholic wedding you know
1356. less twenty? twenty - five pounds mm i might go to poland go go to but erm where are we going? well come with us got such a funny friend or ' s got a funny friend who ' s a polish lady erm the who lives there? no she lives in london oh this erm wedding will probably be a full blown catholic wedding you know it ' ll be rather wonderful to
1362. i know what he ' s like but it ' s it ' s gone through the oh i kind of fancy him to it ' s so platonic we ' re like he ' s just my friend now but yeah yeah yeah he ' s like yeah met him she ' s like he ' s such a gentlemen isn ' t he? i was like that ' s what you want that ' s what
1365. bothered yeah like with making small talk yeah and erm i ' d rather talk about cereal obviously and the more important stuff in the world erm and literally just as i complained like that to my friend yeah the next day i got an email cos i ' d already oh god i ' ll put my sunglasses back on erm that erm i got a email from a girl that went to our
1366. yeah but i was really drunk and stuff and she she was actually really fine with it she wasn ' t angry with me at all she was angry with cos she was like you got with my friend oh that ' s good yeah and then you went on a date with another girl like that ' s really disrespectful of you she ' s my friend how could you do this to
1367. like you got with my friend oh that ' s good yeah and then you went on a date with another girl like that ' s really disrespectful of you she ' s my friend how could you do this to her? and i was like it ' s okay yeah i was going to say like it ' s fine cos i think me that is really coming from how dare you
1369. like a magnet for awful things yeah you ' re cursed yeah oh my god be careful in spain i know i think last year was okay last year was oh no last year i fell out with best friend who came because he we kind of got with each other the month before my birthday and then on my birthday he brought his girlfriend of eighteen months and i was just like why did you bring your girlfriend to
1373. just because you like their character so much don ' t you? i dunno yeah that ' s true like unless they ' re exactly the same yeah i have a he ' s not really a friend neces he ' s like somebody i went to school with and he played he ' s in eastenders oh right i haven ' t seen it or i ' ve seen him like once and he ' s
1374. they had their thirtieth anniversary this year yeah did they? yeah oh wow like me and my housemate we like watched it it ' s like you know when you have like your best friend and like things that you weird things that you did together yeah neighbours is like one of our weird things that we do together so like yeah that ' s fine we could like have like have a few months
1381. like sarcastic bloke person oh really? and so and he was a best man years and years ago for one of his friends and he is my dad ' s a brummie and his friend ' s was like a really common brummie mm mm he ' s marrying this really posh woman oh and like they did they didn ' t last very long oh no but dad was the best
1383. onto the holidaymakers lying on their sunbeds and lie by them as if they belonged to them they just wanted to belong yeah and they ' d just curl up and sleep man ' s best friend next to you yeah and one day i said to er yeah who owns the cafe there right he ' s got the big hotel over the road yeah i said what ' s happened to the do? he
1384. attack he couldn ' t walk properly mm he couldn ' t go to the toilet on his own he was paralysed down just like he ' d had a stroke mm and it was his best friend his name is who is younger than him but you know was a good friend of they worked together in the erm newspaper industry they were you know reporting and stuff mm was more of a photophoto
1385. toilet on his own he was paralysed down just like he ' d had a stroke mm and it was his best friend his name is who is younger than him but you know was a good friend of they worked together in the erm newspaper industry they were you know reporting and stuff mm was more of a photophotographer and and was a writer mm and his ' s wife ' s called
1389. like woah and she ' s like and also when you go and come back like don ' t move to i know you want to move to but you only wanna move to cos like your friend lives there and you know you can ' t live your life through your friends but you know family ' s so much more important like we ' re important to you like you ' ve got to prove that
1391. actually not wearing anything today i usually am but oh right good stuff no cool what does do? does she go with you to? no bless her she did nothing all weekend oh that sounds nice her friend was meant to come up on saturday yeah i think she got a bit bored though bless her mm her friend was meant to come and visit on saturday but she pulled out so really? she was on her
1392. go with you to? no bless her she did nothing all weekend oh that sounds nice her friend was meant to come up on saturday yeah i think she got a bit bored though bless her mm her friend was meant to come and visit on saturday but she pulled out so really? she was on her own all weekend oh bless her what did you do anyway? were you just working the whole weekend? i
1394. married so er yeah that ' s his honeymoon mm oh wow that ' s so nice mm did you go to his wedding? no i wasn ' t invited oh no but erm not a best friend then i said er no he is a good friend actually but erm i mean obviously i ' ve been living out of the country for a while so we ' re not as tight as we could be
1395. oh wow that ' s so nice mm did you go to his wedding? no i wasn ' t invited oh no but erm not a best friend then i said er no he is a good friend actually but erm i mean obviously i ' ve been living out of the country for a while so we ' re not as tight as we could be but he erm he didn ' t invite any
1396. back though and they ' ve got rid of it this time so i don ' t think she ' s got too many years left in her unfortunately oh my gosh and she was the old best friend of my mother oh yeah it ' s all very complex my dad grew up in a children ' s home yeah his his mother committed suicide to get away from his dad and his dad put him in a
1403. ' re trying to keep the full time job yeah and you ' re being emotionally bullied at the moment yeah yeah for other people oh my god but she got through it she got lucky first first friend actually really? she was willing to go or they were willing to go to three rounds right but she got lucky on the first one oh ah these lovely looking is she open about how it happened? yeah
1407. little squeeze of your ketchup but erm so yeah he was saying that he said i ' d seen him in had seen him a coupla times in but i hadn ' t seen a friend of his that he ' d stayed in contact with guy called who i didn ' t really know at college anyway sixth form college and them lot right and erm anyway i met up with and you know
1408. you wanted to find a not internship but erm yeah that kinda thing though that that sort of idea yeah just a few months to do certain bits of work mm and she was amazing she was a friend of of of one of the trustees actually her her daughter she was erm she ' d been to university just qualified as uhu uhu what ' s she called now? she ' s something in
1411. things i can ' t expect anything from anyone because there ' s so many people in the world so you can ' t possibly yeah well you can talk to your neighbour or you can talk to your friend but maybe but but but the person lives the other side of the world mm or d ' you know what i mean? mm i just don ' t know so i wonder whether if you if you were
1412. back into it you know kick yeah kick it into into touch a little bit more and so that would be quite plausible because then people would watch the video and go oh that ' s like ' s friend i met that you know or or that you know yeah i i th yeah that ' s a little bit more about holding up a mirror yeah to people yeah i think people can engage with that but if
1415. and mini crossbows three to seven years old they ' ll be bored by that i would be bored baby bo ' s bike buddy ah ten months to two years can i have a wine? imprint friend in there from six weeks cup cake decorating eight to eleven what? pff you don ' t need to be eight to decorate cup cakes decorate cup cakes maybe you do maybe with the cup cake comes
1418. was okay yeah they were just there teaching him tricks like how to stop using like the side of your blade yeah and how to s how to spin oh my god and me and me and my best friend were just like for god ' s sake that ' s so awesome though i know was he good? yeah yeah so like t you know it was so it was just like so the two of them were
1419. like the guy was skating she was just holding on to the back of him cos she couldn ' t skate oh no that ' s really sad get man but it ' s okay me and my friend we were just like we can be ice princesses yeah you know like that disney film? which disney film? you know the disney film that physics girl physics? yeah did you ever watch buffy the vampire
1421. you ' re spoiling it for yourself aren ' t you? no i ' m not it ' s just the plot do you guys watch or do you do you watch scandal? no but my friend does i don ' t wanna get into it i ' m not going to watch it but my friend watches and she ' s always like oh my goodness yeah? what ' s her na i don '
1424. over and you just thought well he ' s a class act actually he is he really is a class act yeah yeah he is even though he ' s got a face like a spud and my friend is still an artist and a musician and a recording musician who did don ' t leave me this way with the him her with the braces and the big hat and the big hair? i ' ve
1435. she had headphones on as well ah yeah she did actually notice me though so that was impressive mi i was just about to drive into her path i went no no i won ' t give me friend a fatal accident yeah steady on ah ah did tell you ' s dad came into the shop on sunday? oh i didn ' t no no her dad ' s her dad ' s very nice he '
1442. you know neither of us did a sloppy one it was a nice little one she ' d hand written the inside it was nice yeah it was good hers said thank you for you know for being a friend and so she gave you a sloppy one no it wasn ' t no no no mine says erm i ' m so pleased we ' ve been put on the same path so happy bri happy bright
1443. be free okay and one of the things that they suggest is to put in a loo and to have a little tea making corner really? for people that visit so it ' s it makes it friend so people will want to visit no one is gonna and improve the heating system people won ' t want to visit in the week yeah it just it just seems a bit silly when right next door they '
1446. just just down the road here just down on the corner anyway and erm we used to look after his goat when they went away on holiday and he used to come here so we thought being a friend we ' ll have him do the electric a really nice guy a lovely bloke a lovely bloke but when he started doing this house he was moving to er the sea where was it?
1448. people? lois bond that ' s is it? mm oh never er i knew i knew his name but i never knew who he was isn ' t he your or something? no no just a friend he was the year below oh i think it ' s ' s i think possibly can ' t imagine they have much in common i think it ' s ' s yeah he ' s quite artsy he
1449. year mm but um the point being it ' s still one of my training goals and will be open soon who ' s the other person? um you may have met him he ' s er a friend like of mine but specifically ' s from school um no don ' t know who he is er if you met him you ' d remember mm um right is he one of these memorable characters? yeah right
1452. absolutely wonderful really enjoyed that and she then told us that this was the first time she ' d been out to dinner in four years bloody hell you see i was real well the last my german pen friend you know person that i did exchanges when i was a teenager we stayed in touch for years and years and the last time she came we really didn ' t get on well at all i remember you didn
1454. ##pe took me ages to get used to but skype is alright now i can get used to that mm but it made me think you know like when was on skype the other day and her friend the the chef i ' ve forgotten what her na she came bounding along and sat in front skype hello and i thought wow she ' s pretty confident because i don ' t know if my friends
1457. shall i? oh blah tony hart he was good wasn ' t he can you remember the other people that were on his show though? morph apart from morph what was morph ' s friend called? meg no molly i used to like morph ' s friend better than morph mm did it begin with m? i can ' t remember oh were you gonna tell me the answer? hart
1458. can you remember the other people that were on his show though? morph apart from morph what was morph ' s friend called? meg no molly i used to like morph ' s friend better than morph mm did it begin with m? i can ' t remember oh were you gonna tell me the answer? hartbeat hartbeat oh and take hart huh? he had two? take
1459. s morph? morph ' s not in the wikipedia er disambiguation tony hart is though yeah what are you looking up? well i need to find what morph ' s friend was called now morph ' s friend ah chas chas? chas yeah i don ' t even remember what he looked like what colour was he? yep we ' ll have to remember that
1460. not in the wikipedia er disambiguation tony hart is though yeah what are you looking up? well i need to find what morph ' s friend was called now morph ' s friend ah chas chas? chas yeah i don ' t even remember what he looked like what colour was he? yep we ' ll have to remember that for when we get on er the chase
1463. ll accept they know what they ' ll accept ah yeah right so it ' s on the market at two twenty it ' s not a discount cos you ' re you ' re friends of a friend it ' s mm right yes okay it ' s what they ' re they ' d be willing to yeah and and they even pass comment on saying and maybe they ' d see them too much right yeah
1472. no meaning no yeah but it ' s true you wouldn ' t do that yeah i think things are yeah i think i think they ' re fine i don ' t want to lose her as a friend but i ' m we needed to put our foot down we needed to say look yeah we don ' t want to live with and if you want to live with then you do that but you should have
1473. all of a sudden obviously and it was amazing yeah and all the people like at first the people annoyed me because there were so many of them yeah but then i r just everyone was like my best friend yeah it ' s amazing yeah well we ' ll definitely have to do something like that cos i don ' t like if it ' s a special like night like an event like that i don '
1478. s really nice she ' s a bit weird but i mean there were this one time so are we though yeah but she ' s like weird in a different way so this one time erm her friend dies and it was really horrific how he died his brother were drunk and driving like oh no and he was drunk and they had an argument as they were coming off the hard should er coming off the er
1479. like really weird yeah like you know that is strange and like she were really upset about it all night and i were and i were just like i didn ' t know whether he were a really close friend or she just considered him a clclose friend or what because she ' s told me she ' d not seen him for a year like a year or two years and like well how close can he
1480. and like she were really upset about it all night and i were and i were just like i didn ' t know whether he were a really close friend or she just considered him a clclose friend or what because she ' s told me she ' d not seen him for a year like a year or two years and like well how close can he be if you ' ve not seen him for that
1483. ' s this one that marade or something mm don ' t bite well erm i had something in my mouth but i was going to say when you sai i was going to say your your friend oh yeah my friend ' s hey called yes i had an auntie called i lived with for a while uncle married somebody called for oh yeah? they lived in galway do you want to pass them round
1484. that marade or something mm don ' t bite well erm i had something in my mouth but i was going to say when you sai i was going to say your your friend oh yeah my friend ' s hey called yes i had an auntie called i lived with for a while uncle married somebody called for oh yeah? they lived in galway do you want to pass them round? county erm
1485. ? no that would that would for stars yes for stars yes but not for like mm that would be more chemistry well i guess it depends if it ' s kind of dealing with different areas mm my friend who does it he is in it ' s infrared i am good spectros spectro i didn ' t know that that was actually part of it it ' s it ' s spectro i can
1488. well now i think what a shit design yeah like leather seats and your window did i tell you my friend ' s got a boat? she ' s d i told you i got a turkish cypriot friend and i have a greek cypriot friend and a turkish cypriot friend she ' s called i think so she ' s got with some guy recently who absolutely loves depeche mode but that ' s just random
1489. design yeah like leather seats and your window did i tell you my friend ' s got a boat? she ' s d i told you i got a turkish cypriot friend and i have a greek cypriot friend and a turkish cypriot friend she ' s called i think so she ' s got with some guy recently who absolutely loves depeche mode but that ' s just random and he ' s like in his
1490. and your window did i tell you my friend ' s got a boat? she ' s d i told you i got a turkish cypriot friend and i have a greek cypriot friend and a turkish cypriot friend she ' s called i think so she ' s got with some guy recently who absolutely loves depeche mode but that ' s just random and he ' s like in his forties or fifties or
1493. point then you explore common interests and then somebody says oh and then my friend or my lecturer or my mum or my dad or something like this right? and then you go okay would you ask your friend person whoever if we can erm if they wanna be videoed and you go yeah alright okay so straight on yes or no then the person agrees or not and they come along and they ' re video
1494. that ' s hence how they are interviewing them mm it ' s not by chance mm so erm that demonstrates exactly your point mm most of the time right okay mm you hear them you know my friend or i know this guy or ah and have you heard of this yes i do buy that guy ' s product you know i do like this stuff you know so they find common points of interest okay c
1495. and she looked absolutely horrified surely she must have had an idea i don ' t know but his daughter stood by him all the way through mm but even though it was her best you know s childhood friend who made the allegation mm terrible i mean that ' s but i just i i ' m you know if they did it they did it and they deserve whatever but i just can ' t believe
1498. yeah okay just invite yourself that ' s fine why do you bake ' s birthday? i don ' t know i think she just wants to be like like loves being like everybody ' s best friend so like i think she just wants to be there she just wants to be like look what i did for you wow yeah be my friend be my friend i love you so much babes friends so she
1499. wants to be like like loves being like everybody ' s best friend so like i think she just wants to be there she just wants to be like look what i did for you wow yeah be my friend be my friend i love you so much babes friends so she ' s like do you wanna come? i ' m like n yeah why not? sure can ' t bake cakes but i '
1500. like like loves being like everybody ' s best friend so like i think she just wants to be there she just wants to be like look what i did for you wow yeah be my friend be my friend i love you so much babes friends so she ' s like do you wanna come? i ' m like n yeah why not? sure can ' t bake cakes but i ' ll come er
1501. i d i don ' t really i think she ' s abroad i don ' t even know where she is but she ' s still sort of is friends with some some other you know like mutual friend of a friend and so she yeah could be there potentially i could yeah you don ' t wanna be you d you wanna walk into a room and see her there and know that you look shit no you
1502. don ' t really i think she ' s abroad i don ' t even know where she is but she ' s still sort of is friends with some some other you know like mutual friend of a friend and so she yeah could be there potentially i could yeah you don ' t wanna be you d you wanna walk into a room and see her there and know that you look shit no you have to look
1504. got it up there on the board and you ' ve got your long beating stick oh really? and students i haven ' t seen that method oh teacher and i ' d say tell me about your friend ah my friend er he like er football ah ah you point it ah you don ' t beat him with a stick he like no not the first time ah he like er likes likes oh yeah okay er
1505. there on the board and you ' ve got your long beating stick oh really? and students i haven ' t seen that method oh teacher and i ' d say tell me about your friend ah my friend er he like er football ah ah you point it ah you don ' t beat him with a stick he like no not the first time ah he like er likes likes oh yeah okay er he likes football
1507. grand we ' ve literally been on nothing but oh just doing your mas you know that stuff yeah so how ' s that been? have you got any advice for us or? be pasta is your friend pasta your friend yeah he ' s my friend so yeah i was gonna say pasta be organised catch up yeah and save everything like five times yeah yeah yeah everywhere i keep telling her that and email it to
1508. ve literally been on nothing but oh just doing your mas you know that stuff yeah so how ' s that been? have you got any advice for us or? be pasta is your friend pasta your friend yeah he ' s my friend so yeah i was gonna say pasta be organised catch up yeah and save everything like five times yeah yeah yeah everywhere i keep telling her that and email it to yourself and then
1509. oh just doing your mas you know that stuff yeah so how ' s that been? have you got any advice for us or? be pasta is your friend pasta your friend yeah he ' s my friend so yeah i was gonna say pasta be organised catch up yeah and save everything like five times yeah yeah yeah everywhere i keep telling her that and email it to yourself and then email it to yourself but be
1514. willing mm also you can just go like go to the conversa like the a the group study area in the library and just like go and yeah aattack someone yeah stand near someone hey friend i ' ve been through linguistics recently yeah would you like to do? would you tell me about what have you been doing? in the school as long as it ' s something in our field is what
1519. never trust in the middle though no that ' s true i always but like why can ' t i enter? you need to i don ' t know is the bottom thing unlocked? i know a friend ' s there ' s so many people that just can ' t do a chin - up mm and i ' m like why can ' t you do a chin - up? i can ' t do
1523. about him he was like the geek kid he was the kid that in any other situation would ' ve been and he probably was just severely bullied like really ostracised maybe had like one friend but even that one friend didn ' t like associating themselves oh yeah i felt terrible for this kid oh his mum used to walk him to the school door this kid was like we ' re talking
1524. the geek kid he was the kid that in any other situation would ' ve been and he probably was just severely bullied like really ostracised maybe had like one friend but even that one friend didn ' t like associating themselves oh yeah i felt terrible for this kid oh his mum used to walk him to the school door this kid was like we ' re talking secondary school yeah he was
1526. yeah people like privacy they ' re like dedicated mm forums or whatever yeah yeah it ' s like they like filter everything down until you find someone that looks yeah kinda compatible compatible we ' ve got a friend with a gay friend actually that alcoholic we were talking about earlier who poured chilli on himself oh yeah there ' s something he had a gaydar oh yeah app on his phone the and he could point
1527. they ' re like dedicated mm forums or whatever yeah yeah it ' s like they like filter everything down until you find someone that looks yeah kinda compatible compatible we ' ve got a friend with a gay friend actually that alcoholic we were talking about earlier who poured chilli on himself oh yeah there ' s something he had a gaydar oh yeah app on his phone the and he could point in any direction at
1528. living if this is korea we were living in this corner kinda like cornwall in england mm and my friends moved to like norfolk and it was about as far away as it could possibly be and my best friend moved there and then my other best friend moved to exactly the same city oh so they were both together and they saw each other a lot but i didn ' t get to see them at all completely randomly
1529. in this corner kinda like cornwall in england mm and my friends moved to like norfolk and it was about as far away as it could possibly be and my best friend moved there and then my other best friend moved to exactly the same city oh so they were both together and they saw each other a lot but i didn ' t get to see them at all completely randomly neither of them chose that location yeah yeah
1534. myself it was one of those times when you actually google it the next day and you ' re like you can die from a terrible hangover mm it ' s an alcohol person i i had a friend who woke up blind oh my god do you know? who ' s? my little who ' s friends with like oh my god blind erm i take it that went away yeah oh yeah yeah yeah
1536. t think so so like so definitely yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah i don ' t like that guy my mum always hate my mum hates my mum never she never hates anyone obviously when it ' s your friend ' s friend this is the second time you ' ve met me what ' s the evaluation? she never like my mum ' s like yes yeah am i a thumbs up or thumbs down? yeah thumbs
1537. so like so definitely yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah i don ' t like that guy my mum always hate my mum hates my mum never she never hates anyone obviously when it ' s your friend ' s friend this is the second time you ' ve met me what ' s the evaluation? she never like my mum ' s like yes yeah am i a thumbs up or thumbs down? yeah thumbs up you '
1538. a lot i don ' t remember the details of these things i remember really vividly the thing is was e was you don ' t sound too fond of this girl was yes she was never my friend so coherent i don ' t think was was she? no i think everyone who i think i think no she didn ' t cos i no i don ' t think she had oh well maybe not
1544. yeah he is he is great in django he genuinely cuts his hand he ' s probably one of my favourites actually yeah yeah name who? christopher from sopranos? mm christopher yeah yeah plays his friend with lealeukaemia oh really? mm i don ' t remember that no yeah it ' s so good and inspiring and inspiring what did you think of the the grindhouse movies? i quite liked
1551. ' s only a lie yeah that ' s racist isn ' t it? yeah i think was a racist i don ' t think they ' ve been educated to hate any other country yeah but his friend thinks he is he is a racist but like korea is just like no we hate the japanese the problem is that the only bit he likes is the but i mean that was a long time ago which is
1554. he was like no he ' s from romania was like he was like romanian i was what? you must be oh was that? yeah like that we ' ve lived with ah he ' s best friend with yeah oh right his best friend he had like but he literally had he sounded like us exactly the same yeah yeah yeah like you couldn ' t you couldn ' t tell and said no he ' s
1555. from romania was like he was like romanian i was what? you must be oh was that? yeah like that we ' ve lived with ah he ' s best friend with yeah oh right his best friend he had like but he literally had he sounded like us exactly the same yeah yeah yeah like you couldn ' t you couldn ' t tell and said no he ' s from the time like six and i
1556. on but ' s english accent was the best would you like a cup of tea? hello would you like a cup of tea? yeah yeah he was would you like a cup of tea? our friend er was that? irish went to ireland and his english accent was really diff everything mate yeah yeah mate mate no mate no mate like kick him out from ' s accent th we went erm we
1558. kind of like that yeah but not jumanji what ' s the lion king the lion king catch phrase yeah yeah catch phrase that ' s so good nobody the words okay yeah yeah yeah yeah our friend from catch phrase yeah if you haven ' t seen it yeah it ' s like that but the literal version of the song please please watch the literal version mm of total eclipse of the heart it ' s
1559. of likenesses oh mum insulted a spanish man on the erm water taxi on the vaporetto he looked probably in this sixties didn ' t he? it was him his wife and another man their friend it looked like and mum offered him her seat and he was rea he got really insulted and his friend started laughing at him he went well he didn ' t he went and his friend heard what mum
1560. probably in this sixties didn ' t he? it was him his wife and another man their friend it looked like and mum offered him her seat and he was rea he got really insulted and his friend started laughing at him he went well he didn ' t he went and his friend heard what mum had said they were spanish so i could kind of tell what they were saying and his friend was taking the
1561. man their friend it looked like and mum offered him her seat and he was rea he got really insulted and his friend started laughing at him he went well he didn ' t he went and his friend heard what mum had said they were spanish so i could kind of tell what they were saying and his friend was taking the michael out of him saying cos there was there were saying he wasn ' t
1562. and his friend started laughing at him he went well he didn ' t he went and his friend heard what mum had said they were spanish so i could kind of tell what they were saying and his friend was taking the michael out of him saying cos there was there were saying he wasn ' t old enough like he obviously looked old enough to be asked if if if he wanted a si to sit down
1565. cheated on her well mm but still i ' m not sure that oh yeah she ' s the one and you were like oh yeah she stabbed him found out though and then she my brother ' s friend chea and then yeah has cheated on her already he cheated on her at the beginning of their relationship your brother ' s i was like the one person you don ' t cheat on stabbed her ex -
1569. do that sometimes correlate it yeah correlate it yeah yeah it ' s yeah it ' s pretty high it ' s not anything like point seven point eight no it ' s our old friend the point threes yeah you know the yeah about that alright good is that your lot of marking? er quantitative just finishing off that quantitative what ' s that looking like? and and their i would imagine
1573. who he is but really? yeah apparently that really isn ' t good he ' s having his colon scrubbed in the desert what? i really feel that you should be a bit more discrete with your friend ' s insides apparently that really isn ' t supposed to do be good for you? what isn ' t? colonic irrigation what ' s that? i ' ll do it for you we ' ll
1578. the one thithe one i ' m thinking about is definitely forrest gump it ' s forrest gump cos i ' ve not seen forrest gump the guy who has d like his friend has no legs and they hang out on new year ' s eve and get like wasted and get like hookers and they get hookers and she ' s like fooling around with him on his wheelchair
1580. this is coming good now so basically this is all very convenient cos she gets you tickets to gigs mm and she ' s her dad ' s got a place in and she already knows your best friend and yeah i thought oh lovely it ' s almost like it you know it ' s just it but it ' s just too convenient do you know what i mean? isn ' t it it ' s
1581. n cos he already has two servants you need to marry him because he ' s rich yes and lovely and lovely so what er what is the problem then with? you just he ' s a friend? er huh you just can ' t see him that way? tut no i could i think i could cos we ' ve been apart for long long enough now mm i don ' t know
1582. i was eighteen so why would you do that if you could afford louis vuitton dresses? that ' s weird cos she just she has no taste she ' s just trashy yeah my friend um tut my friend brenna in australia she her one of her best male friends started dating a girl called bridget who was all about the fake tan and like looked like david dickinson bright orange like long
1583. would you do that if you could afford louis vuitton dresses? that ' s weird cos she just she has no taste she ' s just trashy yeah my friend um tut my friend brenna in australia she her one of her best male friends started dating a girl called bridget who was all about the fake tan and like looked like david dickinson bright orange like long horrible dirty extensions yeah just
1585. up might make the lectures more interesting whereabouts are youse from? i ' m from er doncaster like cos someone ' s got to live there i suppose so oh right okay hey you had a friend in doncaster didn ' t you? shut up was from doncaster were they a dickhead? yeah i ' m not a dickhead by the way oh that ' s fine just saying that just putting that
1590. drunk or sober and the ones who want me to get drunk i think if you want me to get drunk then that means that you might not like me as much so why why should i be your friend? mm uhu i wonder if the ones like you drunk are the ones who maybe have alcohol issues themselves and it ' s probably not so much about you as about them yeah yeah that ' s true
1595. is a tombstone it ' s not the genuine one it ' s one they put there yeah saying this is the you know this is the burial place of yeah of gelert the fai you know faithful friend the faithful dog yeah erm and you walk miles to that and miles back and you think god why did i go there? that ' s why i said was the church any good you know? well
1596. that it ' s yeah it ' s just the way they use every situation like she did with the erm well the hen do she invited her own person didn ' t she? she invited her friend to the hen do yeah big that ' s right and then the baby shower when she just forwarded the text and told me she ' d invited people without even asking and now ' s done this with
1597. about it that way well i dunno if i think about it that way now why wouldn ' t i think about if i had a child? i feel like my man ' s gone game over friend ' s gone why is he gone? cos he ' s gone isn ' t he? he ' s just committed in other areas at the moment i mean he ' ll be there and he '
1598. just committed in other areas at the moment i mean he ' ll be there and he ' ll come back in my for me he ' s gone he ' s not gone for himself just for his friend but no no but i mean er friendship - wise he ' s just well i mean for the uni period it ' s man down isn ' t it? he has priorities you ' re not gonna
1600. mm oh right and the the way that they talk to each other i ' ve never really listened to the conversation but it ' s like an aun you talk to an auntie or a family friend you know? yeah anyway the last time i saw him i was in a hu a hurry but i just looked up and i just saw his face and he ' d got his hood up mm and his
1608. the one that doesn ' t want to get bullied is to a you know like crabbe and goyle with malfoy? yeah okay carry on so there ' s a fox and her friend he ' s and he steals her friend ' s tickets steals her friend ' s tickets? to yeah to what? to like a film or something okay a funfair you know you get you know
1609. get bullied is to a you know like crabbe and goyle with malfoy? yeah okay carry on so there ' s a fox and her friend he ' s and he steals her friend ' s tickets steals her friend ' s tickets? to yeah to what? to like a film or something okay a funfair you know you get you know you get these tickets at funfairs
1610. you know like crabbe and goyle with malfoy? yeah okay carry on so there ' s a fox and her friend he ' s and he steals her friend ' s tickets steals her friend ' s tickets? to yeah to what? to like a film or something okay a funfair you know you get you know you get these tickets at funfairs when you do things that you
1611. so what did he take instead then? nothing nothing mm he didn ' t get anything out of doing that so for hurting her so he was yeah mean to the actual bunny or the bunny ' s friend? the act the bunny ' s friends and the bunny okay yeah so she ' s all grown up and then she becomes a police officer and she ' s going to move into zootropolis and she
1612. and and you don ' t see the guy the s fox from the beginning again? you do you do he becomes friends with her parents and becomes with the bunny ' s parents is he really a friend to them? yeah yeah he ' s really a friend and er h it ' s just when he was a bully when he was little it ' s just him er he said it was him being a
1613. fox from the beginning again? you do you do he becomes friends with her parents and becomes with the bunny ' s parents is he really a friend to them? yeah yeah he ' s really a friend and er h it ' s just when he was a bully when he was little it ' s just him er he said it was him being a fox and didn ' t have any self - belief oh
1614. get rid of them so that erm erm so that the fox couldn ' t be there and that they could find that if there was anybody standing in her way like the bunny mm of the friend she would she would kill them get rid of them? yeah do you think she and really wanted them to go? or do you think she just wanted the power? she just she wanted them to go
1615. a dessert actually? yes you can have a dessert i would like that chocolate to be got rid of to be honest i think i ' ll eat the other half of my mars bars egg okay my friend stop eating that m chocolate it ' s alright have chocolate dinner lunch but this is what the easter holidays is for is to pig out on lots of chocolate yeah but you ke cos you had kept some
1619. breakdown on the car breakdown on the motorway mm hm and couldn ' t make it so rang and asked to speak to me and wanted to know if i could recommend someone cos this woman wanted her friend wanted it done and i spoke to her and said well come along and they came along on friday afternoon to see me and uh i was able to give her valuations and appraisals and information
1623. the vets every three weeks and that would ' ve cost an absolute fortune and would ' ve tied you to the house because you it ' s one thing for you to do a favour for a friend or even a relative to say can you feed my cat? pop round? but can you feed my cat and give it an injection? and y and take it to the vet and if you give it
1624. ' m pretty sure even longer did you manage to avoid er getting into an argument while she was back? me? yeah i did didn ' t what? you ' re supposed to be her best friend i know what were you arguing about? not the rent again? thought i was the good child what the hell were you arguing about now? oh it ' s nothing important just the tuition fees why is
1626. went on for a few other yeah rather yeah risque type of er it ' s mm verses yeah oh the if you go on youtube now go on youtube now yeah you can you ' re my friend on youtube now yes i know if you go on my youtube you can see what we played yeah? oh the one the one of the big pieces we played yeah we could yeah oh right because i put
1627. because i put it on a few a few days ago now yeah but and and that ' s in a big hall in america but we had more people than that playing then mm we ' re your friend on facebook too pardon? yes it was facebook facebook oh right not the youtube i ' ve put the youtube thing on and then the oh i see you put link and put it on there yeah i put
1628. being friends mm mm mm with people and he got wrong off his mum mm didn ' t he? did he? oh dear yeah and the friends yeah and friends and what have you and er a friend of mine in er what is it? i thought you were gonna say about oh yeah just put happy birthday son to oh yeah and he and she ' s married to ' s father ' s dad right
1630. a letter we ' ll find out yeah more about what he ' s gonna say yeah yeah but he ' s very busy down there if it ' s on pardon? he ' s very busy our friend down the road that that ' s yeah so you know yeah yeah and and they wrote a letter saying we ' ll give you sixteen days oh was it sixteen days? no it was a month actually yeah
1633. in those days yeah awful days awful you know? if he ' s a proddy oh yeah that ' s alright yeah oh do you know him? well that ' s alright yeah are they a friend of yours? that ' s alright oh oh terrible innit? it was awful yeah yeah anyhow well great well er yeah thank you for my cup of tea okay i ' ll go and see how
1635. so frust er oh it ' s just so quotable i think what ' s the guy who it ' s like his mate who ' s like super hans super hans he he lives in my friend sees him around a yeah mm er as well as erm who ' s that ah chris eubanks the little crazy boxer yeah yeah that had the monocle? his son ' s proper weird chris
1636. a bouquet but the bridesmaids will be carrying a lanto oh mm how many bridesmaids is she having? three yeah are there any old school friends? one ' s an old school friend one is her well they they would both be their her sister - in - laws yeah oh so erm should get in to do some snow effects well yes yes snow business it was really interesting to talk
1637. i ' m your bestie mummy is my best mummy is the best there you go mummy is the best best best friend yeah mama of the lights upstairs just come and have breakfast you ' re the best mum in the whole entire universe the best in the world dib dab dum and all the world da and all
1638. there until my birthday and like put it in a cupboard somewhere so they don ' t get like jealous say that again? is definitely gonna try and sneak some of it but isn ' t really your friend so he ' s never gonna come around here is he? i ' m inviting him to my party the party in september you ' re talking about yeah in nine months ' time? yeah to my party
1640. ears and he knocks on the door and nobody answers and big ears in a in a beard goes behind him and um says can i help you? he says i ' m looking for big ears my friend says don ' t think he ' s in today and said em so he says em eh aw dear why what ' s the matter? so noddy says i ' ve got this this this shelf that
1643. the drop of a hat hmm easily easily as you would probably you know definitely uh or or south of france or you know anything mediterranean like i ' ve got two friends now ' s in valencia another friend is in porto do you reckon is there to stay? i y the thing is you can ' t hold sh is a very strange boy he ' s not ve he ' s not all there really you
1654. ' s anything more than hi good morning how are you? it ' s chinese wow so i don ' t know if it ' s to practise her english or just to have a pen friend one of these kind of or fun yeah i mean that ' s just one week staying there if you were there a year you ' d collect a whole collection of these sort of strange random d when it
1655. ' s just one week staying there if you were there a year you ' d collect a whole collection of these sort of strange random d when it ' s happened to me i want to be your friend i just say well hang on a minute you can ' t just be someone ' s friend you have to get to know them you have to see if you have anything in common that ' s just like
1656. whole collection of these sort of strange random d when it ' s happened to me i want to be your friend i just say well hang on a minute you can ' t just be someone ' s friend you have to get to know them you have to see if you have anything in common that ' s just like it ' s like hello i want to be your friend mm it ' s not as good
1657. t just be someone ' s friend you have to get to know them you have to see if you have anything in common that ' s just like it ' s like hello i want to be your friend mm it ' s not as good like yes it ' s so charming that ' s all she never really asked questions you know yeah so like you were saying ask random questions it ' s me normally that
1659. by their first name? all your aunties like auntie there is that when do i say? there ' s that funny harry enfield sketch isn ' t there where he goes er? and the friend comes round to the house and he goes yes mrs miss patterson yes mmiss ppatterson miss patterson miss patterson he just says by their first name he ' s really rude to his friend they talk about
1660. and the friend comes round to the house and he goes yes mrs miss patterson yes mmiss ppatterson miss patterson miss patterson he just says by their first name he ' s really rude to his friend they talk about all th you know really slang and no and then? off and then whenever the mother comes in he ' s hi mrs patters ben yeah mrs patterson yeah mrs patterson yeah yeah yeah yeah
1663. did pretty good roast potatoes was always the one for roast potatoes cos she was little and mm she was lilittle and blonde mm and er you know sort of quite cute she was al my friend she was always the one who got er picked early on in the when we were in the first year to give present bouquets and things to visiting dignitaries and er she always managed to get seconds at least
1665. weighing up but it ' s difficult cos it ' s like if i had i dunno if my family were closer or if i was living with or if i were living with a really close friend that like you know saw er day in day out and had to deal with it and other people were really impacted by it yeah as in any of the choices that i made i would choose to do a
1667. of the stuff that they ' ve been at the hospital is kind of like stuff that saps you of energy but also gives you energy at the same time? so it ' s like seeing a friend yeah seeing friends saps your can drain energy yeah yeah but seeing them being normal and being like happy and having a great time yeah it ' s giving you an energy boost yeah yeah so it ' s
1670. her new squeeze yeah? eh wait he ' s not he ' s not her boyfriend oh don ' t don ' t say that word in front of her she said to me he ' s a friend with fucking benefits fucking hell she screamed down the place i bet she but anyway i walked in the plate ' s on the side and they ' d got like stuck like the jam was literally stuck onto the
1671. bless her but then literally the last month like she she ' d come and sit in my room and we ' d be chatting for hours and i said to her i ' ve got a really good friend? yeah ah like the last month and i was like i wish she ' d have been like it from the start mm because i i used to complain about her all the time like cos she just
1672. that ' s the thing do you know this ' ll so make me sound awful but i kind of thought well apart from tom who ' s gonna be biased because it ' s his girlfriend ' s friend mm and he must still think it anyway is that i don ' t want him introducing this fatty to his friends who you know has you know similar length hair to me similar colour i ' m not a
1676. of explaining what happens to the nasty man? well does he go away? yeah but mum and there was a nasty man who erm was the bee ' s friends the bee the bee ' s friend which was a bee the bee stung him because he was being very mean and he was telling her it hurt so much yeah yeah right but it didn ' t oh but presumably a bee die yeah no he
1679. of like what at their uni? important people yeah to do wow to have like debates with and interview and stuff like that yeah i ' m really proud of her for that god she and her friend were like no this is not good enough like we need to improve this and they got like a whole group of girls together to that ' s really good to make it what it is now and now it
1684. i know her enough to know that yeah yeah i don ' t know but no she went to the doctor ' s and got it sorted thankfully but her friend was worse oh really? mm was her friend ill at the same time? er no before no that ' s horrible like the fact that her friend was like that and then was like that mm no her friend had to go into like a clinic for
1685. doctor ' s and got it sorted thankfully but her friend was worse oh really? mm was her friend ill at the same time? er no before no that ' s horrible like the fact that her friend was like that and then was like that mm no her friend had to go into like a clinic for ages really? mm oh my god which was annoying cos in there are no clinics so she had
1687. like it ' s just an interest yeah yeah yeah definitely there must well there ' s like a labour party here or a conservative party there is but if you go to that i will not be your friend seriously yeah same like i i erm i even oh to the extent where i ' m like i don ' t wanna be your friend because you support the conservatives like no literally like honest to god i
1688. is but if you go to that i will not be your friend seriously yeah same like i i erm i even oh to the extent where i ' m like i don ' t wanna be your friend because you support the conservatives like no literally like honest to god i would i would say to you like are you actually deluded? i mean i would i would kind of like ask you questions about it
1692. and shouting and screaming as you do and they just come up and started going mental to me cos i was waking up the entire camp oops campus and you were shouting at your? yeah my friend okay naughty boy that ' s no example to set to children it was funny though yeah so what ' s your work schedule like here? i work six days a week yeah? i have a tuesday off
1695. god mm literally her life revolves around money and because we went to she wanted to spend some money cos she ' d just got this increase like she told me erm i wish i was a friend of yours she couldn ' t she couldn ' t she couldn ' t she didn ' t find anything she wanted to buy so she went to next the following day and then spent three hundred and eighty -
1698. and i was actually like i kind of miss it and now i can ' t and they won ' t send me another one but it ' s my fault who ' s that she ' s my friend she ' s got a new cat cute not as nice as cat its basically has she given it a name yet yeah it ' s called wilhelmina defoe yes it ' s actually really vicious yeah cats
1699. gotta open the mouth properly otherwise it won ' t go all the way down open your throat deep throating deep throating deep throating put it all the way down your throat open your mouth my friend can do that says open your throat and lay it in oh oh oh oh oh woo well done that was like twenty seconds worth of downing well done that ' s like that ' s like a new record
1702. i went n doesn ' t matter oh shit sorry i ' m so sorry i don ' t matter erm it ' s alright erm we went with friends the day before and you know a friend ' s a friend ' s a good friend cos she ' s really really nice ain ' t she but her house is a bit dirty yeah not because of her but just because there ' s loads
1703. ' t matter oh shit sorry i ' m so sorry i don ' t matter erm it ' s alright erm we went with friends the day before and you know a friend ' s a friend ' s a good friend cos she ' s really really nice ain ' t she but her house is a bit dirty yeah not because of her but just because there ' s loads of shit anyway loads
1704. sorry i ' m so sorry i don ' t matter erm it ' s alright erm we went with friends the day before and you know a friend ' s a friend ' s a good friend cos she ' s really really nice ain ' t she but her house is a bit dirty yeah not because of her but just because there ' s loads of shit anyway loads of background her parents are
1705. she? mm and the bikes that ' s her her partner which one? that one where? there? the bikes were absolutely wonderful i don was she on her own? was one of them her friend? i ' ve got no idea i know they were together but there were thousands and thousands of pounds worth of bikes oh there would be that top car park yeah mm there ' s not a lot of
1706. a whole group going outside for a cigarette yeah i think so it ' s a shame really when you ' ve got to go outside every ten minutes or quarter of an hour we ' ve got a friend well i don ' t know i don ' t know whether it didn ' t really smell of tobacco so he might be puffing something else he was such a character this bloke mm yeah he
1708. aw i wish she ' d stop calling me fucking she ' s doing my head in she refuses to call me though cos she ' s got someone who ' s already called in like as a friend it ' s like yeah but that doesn ' t mean you have to call me by by my christian name she ' s like well i like it i replied anyway oh delicieux you jealous of my
1710. because mm it ' s really hard to find like followers mm and people to read your blog because how do people find out about your blog? i don ' t know unless you ' re like their friend mm like zoella yeah but she had loads of people on her blog and that ' s why yeah that ' s why she started on youtube mm and now yeah she doesn ' t do her blog the
1711. but all these freelance photographers must must have lost no end mm you ' d have to get something specialised wouldn ' t you? yeah without anyone with a yeah with a phone and everything i mean a friend up up you know him up the road he ' s got this phone that takes such fantastic pictures mm mm just as good as any yeah erm and what ' s that an apple apple six or something
1713. the little mouse in the teapot i have no idea who the march hare is but i like it erm he was cool he was good yeah the white so he was the he ' s the friend of the mad hatter and the white rabbit he and they play a game when he loses he goes eh oh i think you would or you ' d be a good white rabbit mm but the story of
1723. ' t want you to feel awkward thank you but like that ' s what i think about you yeah like i genuinely believe that you are a beautiful person and sometimes i wonder why you ' re my friend and why? i genuinely think that cos yeah just well you know what? insecurities i see a lot of myself in you but mostly i see a lot of my personality in you but it
1724. you ' ll you bring out like the better side of me mm if you know what i mean whereas if i was to hang out with another shy person it would be awkward like erm ' s friend i had a absolutely fantastic night when i went out with them that was the first night i went out with black yeah and all of that lot and that was the night that erm and and invited me
1725. away and after that i just made an effort and i ' m like oh you should come and watch game of thrones like come up and watch it and i made a conscious effort to become her friend and become friends with i was like don ' t take this the wrong way well there ' s nothing to take the wrong way but i was so so happy when you told me that you ' d were
1726. like she ' s finally gotten over that insecurity of making new friends yeah so cos it ' s like i know i ' m the same it ' s like i made you as a friend and and i felt like that was enough for me like i i feel more comfortable mm in smaller numbers and when you started branching out i was like i was so happy for you i was like i '
1727. time when i ' m with them and asking me how you were doing and i find that so strange cos i ' ve never been close to any of them no but they they consider you a friend it ' s lovely though but like next year cos like obviously i say to it ' s like i say it ' s like a week and like you guys have proper bonded yeah and like she and
1728. ##s people obviously were like wow and like black was especially like oh wow i like you i didn ' t know you were like that and as well and then was like i thought you were my white friend i ' m sorry no well they all really love you all of them like mm i mean i don ' t see it ' s weird cos like i really close relationship with j er not black and
1729. ##fully a bit shut off so that she would see that i wasn ' t interested trying to go anywhere yeah but it ' s it it turned out fine and then cos was there a really good friend of yeah from your course yeah yeah erm asian asian yeah and we started erm we just started talking about and he was like yeah i saw you were really good friends with and he told me that
1731. sent you home and gave you the keys i knew that you ' d be fine yeah but it ' s like at first because you were like i knew it back then that you were my only true friend and i was like i can ' t fuck this up and that ' s why felt such an obligation to like no i felt so bad as well be a lot of the times like that with you but
1732. a dickhead she ' s gonna yell at me tomorrow and all that kind of stuff but he was like why do you care so much blah blah blah and i was like she ' s my only friend but he was like you ' re out with all these people and i was like yes but i don ' t like them so that ' s why at first i was so scared because i felt like i
1733. t care mm like at first i felt like i was i accept it like i i have to agree with her because otherwise we won ' t be friends and i can ' t lose her as a friend i used to think the same about you it ' s really weird cos like oh really? yeah cos like don ' t judge me on this okay? mm you ca there ' s no judgement
1735. it and that ' s when i really realised that there was a problem and i tried to make a difference like that and you did though that meeting that you had you made a difference by being my friend that ' s diff that erm meeting that you had but does it even matter about the meeting? with that guy at university that ' s i said i was gonna use my voice but like honestly
1736. to stick up for you and i didn ' t do it it ' s something that i regret but you stuck up for me in a different way but you stuck up for me by still being my friend well i ' m and standing by me by and i ' m glad you see it that way because you know even even you didn ' t stand up with your gob you stood up by being my
1737. i ' m and standing by me by and i ' m glad you see it that way because you know even even you didn ' t stand up with your gob you stood up by being my friend that ' s and you stood up in a different way i i guess that ' s just kind of how i use myself it ' s like i will always show support where it ' s needed but like
1738. even speaking to this person? why am i giving her the time of day it was like so what if i ' m rude to her? i was like she ' s been so rude to my friend but then instantly she was like i ' m so sorry for everything that ' s happened like instantly and she wasn ' t with and i sort of that ' s when i sort of started to realise i
1739. know what? we ' ve both lived through it we both lived through it you put up with as much shit as i did let ' s face it you put up with shit because you were my friend but i would always choose you over anyone else i know you would that is n i ' m not protesting that at all no i but my point is i know you stuck up for me by being my
1740. i would always choose you over anyone else i know you would that is n i ' m not protesting that at all no i but my point is i know you stuck up for me by being my friend and not being friends with them and not entertaining their bullshit i ' m just sorry that i couldn ' t what? give you more what? be angry at them make yourself a victim yeah but i or
1741. they leave university and when they have children and they look back they will realise and do you know what? it doesn ' t even matter whether you said anything to them or not you ' re my friend you stuck by me through all of it through all my rants through all my tears through all this shit that i deserved well of course or didn ' t deserve you were there as my friend you '
1742. my friend you stuck by me through all of it through all my rants through all my tears through all this shit that i deserved well of course or didn ' t deserve you were there as my friend you ' re still my friend now you know? and you didn ' t have to be the easy way out would have been do what did going and being friends with them and not being my friend i
1743. through all of it through all my rants through all my tears through all this shit that i deserved well of course or didn ' t deserve you were there as my friend you ' re still my friend now you know? and you didn ' t have to be the easy way out would have been do what did going and being friends with them and not being my friend i wouldn ' t have done that
1744. friend you ' re still my friend now you know? and you didn ' t have to be the easy way out would have been do what did going and being friends with them and not being my friend i wouldn ' t have done that ever exactly and that ' s your way of sticking up for me and being my friend i ' m sorry that i couldn ' t voice it is all i ' m
1745. have been do what did going and being friends with them and not being my friend i wouldn ' t have done that ever exactly and that ' s your way of sticking up for me and being my friend i ' m sorry that i couldn ' t voice it is all i ' m saying but it doesn ' t matter through you helping me and showing me that it ' s okay to stick up for yourself
1746. and then ever since then you can say to anyone i know when they tell you something like that like but i shouldn ' t have put you in that even though you are no you ' re my friend no but if anything like that ever happens i want you to tell me like don ' t no listen to me you are my closest friend don ' t ever feel like you need to be drunk to tell
1747. you in that even though you are no you ' re my friend no but if anything like that ever happens i want you to tell me like don ' t no listen to me you are my closest friend don ' t ever feel like you need to be drunk to tell me shit like that ever okay because it just it i don ' t care whether you ' ve got warts growing out of your fucking
1748. ashamed at myself that i felt like the only way i could genuinely get it out was if i was drunk and i wouldn ' t have any inhibitions or anything but genuinely you are my closest closest friend and i would tell you anything but i felt bad at the way that i did it because i felt like i owed you more than telling you my deepest darkest secret when i was drunk i felt like i
1749. drunk we had no real way of dealing with it and i felt awful at the fact that that ' s the way it came out and i was like you deserved it more as a as my closest friend than saying that it it doesn ' t matter how it comes out as long as you tell me that ' s all i ask like i can ' t help you if i don ' t know and like
1750. but you always everyone always compares themself to something that they can never be and i just i just wish that you would see that and know how beautiful you are not only to me as a friend but to complete strangers who look at you and envy you and are jealous are literally jealous because of how beautiful you are and how perfect your body is like you have such right i ' m gonna go for
1751. confident in yourself and being arrogant and being confident in yourself and being insecure you just have to find that balance mm it ' s like well everyone thinks i ' m confident until i ' m a friend no and then they realise that i ' m not that that ' s what i thought about you and why i was so intimat i don ' t so bad thank you but i think one of
1755. our kitchen haven ' t we? and he ' s six months before you get to come along mm mm erm is still alive? no idea no idea oh okay nothing like having a you know friend is there? mm well no it ' s not like you were really good friends with her beforehand so you ' re just no no why are you shaking? i ' m just stretching my leg that '
1766. ? where were you doing it? well yeah cos i was cos i was when i went to cos i was seeing went to see at who ' s lovely and she ' s my friend ah okay but do you remember when i first went there and i got my hair got dyed the wrong colour? did it? no i don ' t remember that yeah do you not know about that?
1767. and they were english yeah and that ' s in the end they got them because they got anthony blunt because they kept on cracking the code and they found out that it was this you know royal family friend yeah and that ' s when thatcher came down hard on him and he was saying oh look cos he ' d been he ' s gone away to to russia and he was exiled in russia and and
1768. in glasses drinks you know wine and all this kind of thing right? he grabs this bottle of wine that ' s half opened and he ' s trying to finish it off in the morning and his friend goes you ' ve just gotta stop drinking and he goes er i kind of like my wine slightly over oxidised yes no well oxidised well oxidised well oxidised he ' s
1769. man awesome a black market lion that was popular in like the sixties or seventies wasn ' t it? like in london yeah you could buy them in harrods yeah i know there was like lion friend that ' s fucking great there ' s that like thing on youtube about those two like hippies from australia lion friend oh yeah yeah you must ' ve seen that yeah watched that and they they released it
1770. yeah you could buy them in harrods yeah i know there was like lion friend that ' s fucking great there ' s that like thing on youtube about those two like hippies from australia lion friend oh yeah yeah you must ' ve seen that yeah watched that and they they released it into the wild then they go back there like five years later to africa and like the lion like hugs them oh yeah
1771. nudged everyone yeah i was like yeah or whatever and then goes er yeah alright i ' ve been waiting two days for your move my god i was like lolz lolz obviously a man just like friend rage didn ' t know there was etiquette yeah oh fuck lolz that you nudged fifteen people like it shows you how many games you have yeah like i ' ve got way more than that you
1772. like all the other tables are occupied and he was just like looking around and he waited for a few more minutes and he sort of came to our table and stood next to him and his and his friend came back and he ' s like basically like i didn ' t wanna sit down cos i didn ' t know which one our table was remember which one his friend was yeah which one his friend wa
1773. to him and his and his friend came back and he ' s like basically like i didn ' t wanna sit down cos i didn ' t know which one our table was remember which one his friend was yeah which one his friend wa no his friend was outside to be fair yeah you know i just wanted you to come back cos i didn ' t know w like where we where we were ah
1774. friend came back and he ' s like basically like i didn ' t wanna sit down cos i didn ' t know which one our table was remember which one his friend was yeah which one his friend wa no his friend was outside to be fair yeah you know i just wanted you to come back cos i didn ' t know w like where we where we were ah it ' s like it was
1775. he ' s like basically like i didn ' t wanna sit down cos i didn ' t know which one our table was remember which one his friend was yeah which one his friend wa no his friend was outside to be fair yeah you know i just wanted you to come back cos i didn ' t know w like where we where we were ah it ' s like it was literally like six o
1776. got spotted in with er flowers by s by my like in er in an embarrassing way you know? what happened? what? cos you were taking them to someone else? no just like my friend is the guy ' s like they ' re f they ' re for me? ah oh no that ' s fine that ' s not embarrassing no it ' s i know that ' s fine you '
1777. written yeah that ' s not me yeah no it was obviously written by a woman erm well even better who ' s er who ' s the wedding? oh it ' s just like an old friend from not not and er no? no my soon to be best mates oh yeah i ' ve got i ' ve got a coffee date sweet who are you going on a coffee date with? yeah have
1779. house i ' ll try and buy a boat then we can like then we can row there did you did you see the thing about the boatman? oh yeah i dunno oh you know my friend the boatman? i ' ve told you about him like he lives on a boat and likes country music like old guy oh yeah yeah you have yeah yeah old like rockabilly anyway i went to
1780. commercial mm course erm at one point was working in a call centre for bupa in mm really nice people oh ' s ' s wedding pictures were gorgeous fancy getting married there who? a a friend er erm er ' s son somebody i work with i know ' s brother just because you know everyone doesn ' t mean everybody else does i went to school with her daughter didn ' t really know
1783. so she then proceeded to say that they carried on talking he took the laptop into the the bathroom with him yeah standard and carried on talking to her while he was having a shower standard and then her friend was like oh so you saw everything? and she was like yeah but like er no word of a lie these these girls weren ' t talking quietly they weren ' t even near me they were like probably
1784. and used to have a thing did they? yeah so hang on hang on he hung out with yeah yeah yeah erm yeah i know and ll isn ' t aren ' t they friends with your friend somebody? yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so watching this documentary diddle le le one of this this girls is blonde hang on this this scientific this yeah oh okay he ' s on it? and then suddenly
1785. opinion of you doesn ' t affect how i think of you i was like of course it does and of course it yeah i was like of course it does if your boyfriend doesn ' t like your friend doesn ' t matter she ' s like you ' re the only person when i was ill who sent erm a gift you know i sent her that box of stuff she was like you ' re the
1786. i sent her that box of stuff she was like you ' re the only person who did anything like that you mm you drove me home when i was crying you go above and beyond what any other friend has done for me i was like that ' s fine but you better keep me then but you have to understand that i will not put up with him speaking about me like that it ' s really upset
1787. it and it ju but berta ' s exactly the same as barney but you ' d get one and it just wouldn ' t be the same mm it ' s like it ' s like our friend when she gets that cat when she gets the cat so yeah i really like border collies but they ' re too they need too much walking they ' re too lively i don ' t want anything that
1788. that one ' s been living there all summer and that ' s why i feel like i can ' t kill it it ' s got it ' s a bit s and now it ' s your friend it ' s spent more time in the office than i have it ' s more its home and yours it ' s got a it ' s got a right to be there it ' s like squatters
1796. severed yes well yeah quite sort of loose really yes yes and the only person i think that she really really missed a great deal was her great friend who lived in and you know was her great great friend yes yes erm and we would have make treks down to to see and would trek all the way up to to see granny you know on a on a regular basis so so that was when you
1797. still it ' s like well you were subletting that was what they put it as cos a girl and her boyfriend but that ' s came round like everyone ' s entitled to have a friend friends but not like another ananother like another half you ' ll have to hide under the bed yeah fucking but i know but i ' m well within my rights to be there r kelly it in
1798. as he knows as far as he knows i don ' t he never actually like he can just assume we ' re together mm i was saying to like in they said you ' re allowed like a friend for two nights a week by saying yeah you just let them know that you ' re here i was saying could be ' s friend for two days then ' s friend for two days then yeah exactly i
1799. was saying to like in they said you ' re allowed like a friend for two nights a week by saying yeah you just let them know that you ' re here i was saying could be ' s friend for two days then ' s friend for two days then yeah exactly i remember that yeah i remember actually thinking like shit we ' re going to have to actually register people that are going to stay around what
1800. you ' re allowed like a friend for two nights a week by saying yeah you just let them know that you ' re here i was saying could be ' s friend for two days then ' s friend for two days then yeah exactly i remember that yeah i remember actually thinking like shit we ' re going to have to actually register people that are going to stay around what the fuck? even if they were
1801. since saturday night so what internet site did you use? match dot com oh okay and msf oh yeah and i had got plentyoffish but not any more i ' ve heard bad things about friend with fish but i don ' t know if it ' s true it ' s just it was like just really not really i didn ' t find it very interactive oh okay er but these other two yeah
1809. froggy? mm? the bird bath? i did for my froggy no i ' m going to chat with my spider look i don ' t know really stop it you ' ll hurt my friend rotate me okay i ' m gonna rotate this one like that don ' t take my froggy stop playing with the creatures so i ' ve rotated and now i can move one yes? yeah yeah stop
1817. an adult you don ' t break up with your friends like that ' s something you do when you ' re at school and you ' re not primary school yeah i don ' t wanna be your friend anymore you just stop hanging out with someone yeah that ' s essentially what you do maybe he was he wouldn ' t but he giving a hint to yeah maybe i think he wanted something more concrete mm i
1818. he was really worried what? was? mm this was after they ' d split up again oh not not not not or whatever her name is? no but no she was basically was ' s best friend is that actually? yeah but they haven ' t spoken for a while now is that actually? is that actually? yeah that ' s that ' s so incestuous mm so she ' s still
1819. you ' re there so it ' s like er where were we when er when you were er oh when we were at and you were like yeah er i ' d probably say you were my best friend and if you if not you i ' m like that was really awkward like i know he ' s not your best friend why why was i being so lame about it? i was like definitely you and
1820. and you were like yeah er i ' d probably say you were my best friend and if you if not you i ' m like that was really awkward like i know he ' s not your best friend why why was i being so lame about it? i was like definitely you and yeah yeah yeah you and the whole way yeah yeah yeah so awkward oh shit hi dunno yeah he only asked if you
1821. the year below us or the one from the year above us? below oh whatever i know who you mean i can ' t remember well i know i know exactly who you mean so er ' s friend yeah okay that ' s interesting so she was in the v she was in the yeah yeah accurate hmm so she was in the telegraph? yeah or something like that what ' s her fortune then? is
1822. through it sarah ' s okay now sarah ' s okay she she ' s fine sjp is all good i don ' t think you ' d call her sjp if you were her friend no just sarah it ' s a bit too long isn ' t it sjp? yeah carrie bradshaw she ' d probably hate that as well she told me did she? in your one - on
1823. t it sjp? yeah carrie bradshaw she ' d probably hate that as well she told me did she? in your one - on - one conversation? i ' d love to be her friend she ' s so cool some of the stuff carrie comes out with is such bollocks though sarah sarah ' s friend though i ' d like to be sarah ' s friend yeah i bet her shoe
1824. your one - on - one conversation? i ' d love to be her friend she ' s so cool some of the stuff carrie comes out with is such bollocks though sarah sarah ' s friend though i ' d like to be sarah ' s friend yeah i bet her shoe collection is amazing people are always really horrible about her saying she looks like a horse but i don ' t think she does
1825. love to be her friend she ' s so cool some of the stuff carrie comes out with is such bollocks though sarah sarah ' s friend though i ' d like to be sarah ' s friend yeah i bet her shoe collection is amazing people are always really horrible about her saying she looks like a horse but i don ' t think she does i don ' t i don ' t get that yeah
1826. friends are there don ' t get me wrong i ' m all for like the female form and stuff but just not like a fifty - year - old ' s female form when it ' s your friend ' s mum yeah that ' s so weird mm she ' s so weird yeah i haven ' t even seen them about in ages not that i ' m you know looking looking out for them looking out
1827. bitch let me see if i can read it from the picture is that my song? it ' s a kind of no it ' s like a picture oh i see you ' re the kind of friend who would hide my diary if i died unexpectedly i appreciate that if you ever need help robbing a bank eating a burger or carrying a baby i ' m your girl see it ' s all you need
1829. when you start building your first cities that becomes the start of a country so the world what? is it online? well you can play er multiplayer online if you like can you play that with your friend and then everyone else is like a computer? you can oh that ' s clever but you can have as many players as you want so you can have just the two of you if you want could we
1830. to me around two thirty - two forty - five then ah erm but it ' s gonna be definitely h when you ' re home definitely actually what? oh who ' s? er ' s friend they ' re like really best friends like like always picks up and you just charm all the ladies so they ' ll give you lifts home? yep i bet you ' re very polite in their cars yep
1831. amazing it ' s the best sentence i ' ve ever heard uttered er oh over dinner mm um um speaking about something that ' s bitchin ' um was telling um she ' s one of my friend about how it was the queen ' s hang on diamond jubilee isn ' t your dance teacher? she was yeah different one that ' s a different actually mm um about how it ' s the queen '
1838. my m yeah my mum can ' t and er yeah and and and someone told my mum ' s on my mum ' s only got like a she hasn ' t even got a mobile so my friend ' s erm niece like nephew can ' t remember which yeah went to like my friend ' s mum grandma saying grandma why why why does your phone have all these buttons? oh yeah because obviously they
1839. ' s on my mum ' s only got like a she hasn ' t even got a mobile so my friend ' s erm niece like nephew can ' t remember which yeah went to like my friend ' s mum grandma saying grandma why why why does your phone have all these buttons? oh yeah because obviously they ' ve been brought up with touchtouchscreens yeah touchscreens yeah yeah and
1840. the following snack brands are available in multipacks and these convenient little portions are all ninety - nine calories or less so the conven are the multipack ones smaller? if you give your friend one quaver must be yeah you ' re alright aren ' t you? what shifty eyes are these? you ' ve got shifty eyes you gave me like quick darting eyes you ' ve got
1842. the mum and da the gran and gramps the gran yeah yeah mm we ' ll do everything and they said no we can look after her at home mm and yet she needs a special and a friend of ours they were very friendly together and went to se you know and think right yeah go and see her sit up in bed up in and they said no no she ' s not allowed anyone she '
1864. funny as well yeah she gets a bit schitzo with it she just snaps and she ' s a different person she starts pulling faces and doing weird stuff yeah funny but the problem is her best friend is also an alcoholic to a point where i ' ve seen him down a bottle of wi midday he came to a barbeque that we hosted for everyone on the roof he downed a bottle of wine
1869. ##t shetland ponies adorable they ' ve got really long shaggy hair so cute so yes they went to uni together and every time i went to visit i ' d see and we became quite good friend which was nice and then after uni we ' d all meet up and go for drinks and stiff and my plan my plan has always been to spend time in australia and then was like right i '
1870. and i ' m either i ' m really knackered or i just think it ' s going to be really hard work which is so weird it ' s weird to think that talking to your friend who you care about it going to be hard work but but it ' s just the time it takes as well like i know once i ' m on the phone to sim it ' s for an hour
1872. on a long list of things we might do because i do feel a little bit bad that we didn ' t talk to individually about coming to the funeral uhu cos she ' s not our friend more than ' s friend but as things turned out erm it i i do feel i wish i ' d checked in with her mm but i didn ' t and i i i wouldn ' t have
1873. things we might do because i do feel a little bit bad that we didn ' t talk to individually about coming to the funeral uhu cos she ' s not our friend more than ' s friend but as things turned out erm it i i do feel i wish i ' d checked in with her mm but i didn ' t and i i i wouldn ' t have thought of doing it so
1874. well yeah it ' s via yeah yeah so yeah i don ' t know when somebody in the family dies yeah do you go? i don ' t know if you ' re a longstanding family friend i think typically you do yeah but you would if it was in would you necessarily if it was local local you certainly yeah you certainly would go but bei that much further away makes it makes it a bit
1876. some? god no llook at the plate of food i have ttoo much no so what else did you do today? were you chatting with your friends and things? mm yeah i told my friend yummy he just said i ' m done yummy mm mm sorry? he just said i ' m done for i can ' t do anything about it no i mean just before your computer broke what
1880. but the other way around the year before right so i did know someone over there so it wasn ' t totally going over blind oh brilliant it was good it was good i like america one of my friend lives in yeah the on the on the other side oh that ' s brilliant yeah i lived in eh which is state university oh okay yeah nice so but yeah it was good that ' s brilliant i '
1882. friday and they were the only two days she was in the office but collectively word on the street is that not many people are very happy with her in the company and i think she is was your friend there or is that a different person? that ' s a but she ' s now come to realise that our boss is a bit of a mm she ' s a compulsive liar yeah like
1886. but it ' s the one thing she can still come to though that ' s the thing isn ' t it? i know like i would said like she was already but like obviously our frie friend from work she dropped out then we had to get and then we invited ' s girlfriend so we ' ve got her in it now without her knowing that we ' ve already she was a replacement planned loads
1888. it ' s not just a weekend away yeah i mean erm it ' s so funny it ' s like everyone in our studio at work knows and doesn ' t know and like erm our friend at work he ' s like er do you like? everyone ' s very do you like? have you got your like your hat riding hat? it ' s nice that she ' s given complete control
1889. i actually cannot be bothered anymore yes like it is fine though cos we ' re quite good friends with and yeah we ' ve always been yeah i don ' t wanna like leave him as a friend obviously i ' m sure when we do see him it ' ll just be like normal how it ' s always been yeah it ' s just like but thing is like he ' s not he can '
1894. p so i ' ve been looking and doing some of those erm that ' s amazing yeah it ' s really good bookbub? yes i can erm you c i can invite a friend so i can invite you if you like yes please do what ' s erm? do you want it the work email or do you want it how erm how if you do it my home one
1895. ##m? do you want it the work email or do you want it how erm how if you do it my home one yeah uhu yeah i ' ll do that cos you invite a friend and just so that ah not that you get anything for doing but it ' s just it it you know it ' s a late thing to do but i ' ve found and the ones that ' ve
1896. ##s there ' s nothing there exactly there ' s nothing there so there ' s yeah gotta be something there and like i started talking about it to my friends my frie eeven then sometimes my friend ' s like you ' re making my brain hurt and i ' m like yeah but it ' s really fascinating if you think about yeah this mm mm i like all that sort of stuff which yeah most
1898. say and just yeah after the erm work conference on wednesday mm this guy from i think he ' s from or i don ' t know where he ' s from he l added me as a friend oh right don ' t even remember talking to him but i have quite a lot of memory loss from my wine do you? yeah i had a real bad ha was it a good night? what did
1900. i ' ll i ' ll sacrifice dinner by myself to come and see you yeah and but it was just erm the conversation was really easy and it was yeah erm like having dinner with a friend to be honest like erm mm he ' s very like so i think it ' s probably yes he ' s friends with the same kind of people that i ' m friends with and yeah we move
1907. to the toilet why should i go to the toilet i ' ll feed him i think i should feed him wherever i want he ' s converted now aw so he wasn ' t very happy that his friend had said that are you not very comfortable in that? well it is completely natural isn ' t it i mean i know a lot of places in spain they were having er big problems with women not you
1909. on gone up in price those little fishermen cottages the oven ' s on thank you dear can i leave the rest to you now? i ' ve made friends with although she hasn ' t approved my friend request yet just then? no earlier oh if you ' re on facebook er i ' m not on facebook sorry dear i mean it ' s hot standing there two bedroom was it street? what? was
1915. t couldn ' t oh sorry do you have tickly feet? no stop it i ' ve got really ticklish feet i ' m not ticklish anywhere are you not? nowhere oh my god friend or fraud is he a child? or something? surely that ' s like paedophilia? what? i don ' t get what he ' s done he ' s managed to get her to
1916. you or that very very see - through t - shirt what? yeah there ' s loads along here i didn ' t notice the t - shirt i was trying to avoid hitting them the the the friend yeah the friend of the girl in the dungarees ooh there ' s ones up there actually there ' s loads ha that ' s it far corner truly you are your father ' s son well
1917. very very see - through t - shirt what? yeah there ' s loads along here i didn ' t notice the t - shirt i was trying to avoid hitting them the the the friend yeah the friend of the girl in the dungarees ooh there ' s ones up there actually there ' s loads ha that ' s it far corner truly you are your father ' s son well you ' re
1921. yeah i work well if i ' ve got someone i ' m actually like who is actually gonna say thank you yeah because the thing is i was also saying to erm her though as in my friend aha erm that if so we have stupid targets services blagging people up that need reviews right? so she ' ll come in and she ' ll look and she ' ll see she '
1922. ' s never a main main character but yeah he ' s he ' s recurring none main character he seems like one of the more decent people in it so far and what the his er hit his friend erm mr honeyford oh yeah you know they ' re nice well i don ' t know kind of mr honeyford was a bit of a i don ' t know a pompous carica
1934. can ' t remember? like somewhere out in the country? you know like yeah erm somewhere out in the country anyway erm so she like bbecause she was out there she had a friend she was like the night before like went round to her house yeah got really wasted whatever anyway and had to go do this thing she finds this like whole deer and has to like haul it into her boot
1936. we ' ll make him come down the chimney here ' s here ' s santa ' s lap the projector ' d be good cos then we can have images like you ' re my best friend now just like lap you mean just like whilst we ' re eating like lapland images like not of like but like the real one images of making chicken wontons or whatever i fucking i he sent
1938. to like cut it out yeah that ' s the that this could use editing yeah so no this don ' t worry it ' s fine have you heard from? no no he ' s a terrible friend an absolutely terrible friend friendships you do have to keep spinning those plates yeah he ' s not very good at that he thinks i ' m seeing next friday i ' m being a bit stubborn at the minute
1939. out yeah that ' s the that this could use editing yeah so no this don ' t worry it ' s fine have you heard from? no no he ' s a terrible friend an absolutely terrible friend friendships you do have to keep spinning those plates yeah he ' s not very good at that he thinks i ' m seeing next friday i ' m being a bit stubborn at the minute i ' ve yeah
1943. so i called again right and i said just to check yeah erm with this aa membership yeah is it okay if i ' m the member and i ' m the initial driver and will will my friend still be free? and he went oh there ' s no need to worry about that because in california additional drivers are free anyway what? thank you very much goodbye and then i just sat there and went
1944. went to school with her and she oh no i don ' t know what they were on for but my ne oh no she was my next door neighbour she now lives in canada mm her and her friend were flown out to america on erm mm don ' t think it was opr oh it erm not oprah winfrey what was the what was the woman ' s name? erm an
1947. ' ve clapped eyes on em and ' s friend ' s quite i mean she ' s outgoing oh excuse me but she ' s not very sort of high five and woo woo yeah mm and her friend kept turning to her and going like this for a fist pump yeah and was like mm can ' t really leave her hanging hey yeah mm so did they ever meet amamerican guys and? well it
1948. s just get on you know mm and go out and see what happens if not or if not er er cos er i don ' t like this and or i do you just wanna be a friend? and so she ' s sort of almost like feels li and she has to hold back yeah mm and she sort of goes mm i really really gets in a tizzy about it bless her but oh
1949. ? where is it even? i have it here mm so what did you think? i really really liked it shall i get my notebook? yeah i really liked the main character but i liked her friend what was her friend called? mrs mrs smiling mrs smiling that ' s it and i loved the way she was always referred to as mrs smiling there was only one or two occasions where the main character referred
1950. even? i have it here mm so what did you think? i really really liked it shall i get my notebook? yeah i really liked the main character but i liked her friend what was her friend called? mrs mrs smiling mrs smiling that ' s it and i loved the way she was always referred to as mrs smiling there was only one or two occasions where the main character referred to her by name
1953. the house so i ' ve not actually said mm what i wanted to say but i was just telling her about yesterday and she was being very nice and supportive yeah she ' s a nice and supportive friend isn ' t she? she is lovely friend yeah sometimes i find her difficult to talk to i think we ' re both quite maybe quite quiet i don ' t know me three yeah i suppose is the
1954. mm what i wanted to say but i was just telling her about yesterday and she was being very nice and supportive yeah she ' s a nice and supportive friend isn ' t she? she is lovely friend yeah sometimes i find her difficult to talk to i think we ' re both quite maybe quite quiet i don ' t know me three yeah i suppose is the talkative one out of the all of us
1955. i gonna say? i know loads of people who live in dubai loads of friends er teachers and er people who work for emirates airlines mm er and i know my cousin lives in erm with his friend er and my auntie and uncle went to visit him mm and it just sounds the most ridiculous place er it ' s like you know you talk about culture shock but this is something else yeah erm
1960. she did very well for a for a peasant girl from toulouse uh who came to this country as an au pair really? mm mm she wasn ' t his au pair? was she? no a friend of his right right okay god i know that ' s one thing the more you think about it the the worse it gets really mm i liked her she was good er were they together a while? yeah
1962. dialogue of really? absolutely brilliant i can ' t remember who wrote it but it ' s p it ' s a play cos he ' s talking about alcohol mm yeah he says you know my friend he just stepped out one day you know because of alcohol stepped out one day in front of a car boom and he says was that it? was he dead? he said oh well i hope so co
1966. say darling use your own money spending money yeah it was nice cos erm and came as well you know our my my sister and cousin and her sister and cous my cousin so bought a friend and bought a friend whereas it would have turned out it would have been better if they hadn ' t have bought any friends and they just and just have spent hardly any time with each other time together yeah
1967. own money spending money yeah it was nice cos erm and came as well you know our my my sister and cousin and her sister and cous my cousin so bought a friend and bought a friend whereas it would have turned out it would have been better if they hadn ' t have bought any friends and they just and just have spent hardly any time with each other time together yeah cos by the
1968. was between g i remember i came back from that and then i went to reading festival that ' s right yeah cos cos of the language barrier we thought it would be good to have a friend have a friend yeah yeah and i communicate so yeah thank goodness smoke that you ' re drinking too much there ' s only what alright alright oh don ' t rush people you will rush are you gonna help
1969. i remember i came back from that and then i went to reading festival that ' s right yeah cos cos of the language barrier we thought it would be good to have a friend have a friend yeah yeah and i communicate so yeah thank goodness smoke that you ' re drinking too much there ' s only what alright alright oh don ' t rush people you will rush are you gonna help me? two
1972. ' s like so desensitised people are so in denial about it and i don ' t like it you know? it ' s like i yeah even with who ' s like my best friend i feel like definitely he thinks i ' m quite boring in some ways because i don ' t drink yeah and then i always feel like it ' s like but it ' s like a chore for
1973. at the time we ' re like wherever it ' d be happening we ' d be like oh that ' s a like massively where was your friend from? i can ' t remember mm so do you want are you are you bothered what time people arrive tomorrow? i haven ' t like i probably won ' t stay not really for the whole thing
1976. yeah yeah er she ' s so sweet cos i ' ll i ' ll put i i just put a just you know write anything mm and she ' ll say here i am your dumb american friend again i don ' t know what that means or i didn ' t know what that is and then i i do a little bit of research and i ' ll find another way of saying it for her
1980. get my face clawed off yeah oh that ' s sweet they ' re so funny that that is the thing with cats that i find though because they can be temperamental i mean ' s cats my friend they ' re they ' re lovely like two of them and they ' re brothers they ' re right dopey little things but erm they they then i was sat and i ' m always a
1982. you wouldn ' t have one from somebody else cos it ' s increasing the amount the the risk of rejection isn ' t it? but you can live on one definitely i used to have a friend i think that yes who had one kidney so why do do we have two? well it ' s probably the body ' s way of mm er i mean the body has of sort of mechanisms that are
1991. going away again in march mm i can ' t go for the whole time yeah erm but they ' re not gonna like put somebody whereas the other group no would put somebody else in oh my friend ' ll come great you know whereas this one it ' s like yeah so you ' ve got the set people we either all go or yeah it ' ll be however many can go yeah that ' s
1993. so how come ended up spending the night here? cos we went to a party and came back here did she say how comfortable and lovely it is in the room? you sure then? a friend is it nice while i ' m not here you ' ve got the house to yourself? yeah you see this phone charger? the phone case this phone case is a phone charger so you get
1996. ? do you remember our friend in i ' m not gonna say his name there you go i should have used that one on you yeah we ' ll have to go to africa on holiday yeah our friend in said to me one day we were playing a board game and he went oh you ' ve put on you ' ve put on quite a bit of weight you look really fat i was like what?
1998. and they were right er and this chap interviewed me and said but but you wanted to be a geologist did you do any field work? and i said i all my teenage life when all my friend were running after girls i was running after rocks cos i could understand those better than i could understand there you are so so that ' s what i did and he said you should combine your field work
1999. person and this person ' s giving him all this like information about erm oh yeah cos they they went to meet with this mary she got a letter saying to meet if she can bring a friend but not the police and they then sherlock holmes and watson went with her and then they ' re talking to this person who ' s talking about like cos her father ' s died and they ' re
2000. able to figure that out but it ' s still yeah i quite like the conversations like when dr watson ' s like but how could you possibly know this? and sherlock holmes is like well my dear friend i shall explain and it ' s good i like that kinda thing yeah good that the explanations they make sense don ' t they although it ' s u still of a bit kind of like which makes him
2001. not a chat for ages have we? mm no not really i suppose said well i ' m going to bed early tonight so you can come and have a chat mm has she got still got that friend of hers? she won ' t she refuses to call him her boyfriend well she hasn ' t said er she hasn ' t seen him in the last two weeks so i s i see him at school
2003. it is yes so there we are might sort of sort of east asianish sort of mismish mash yeah i like it mm it ' s great so your thanks hun erm malaysian friend ' s coming over soon is he? yes is he malaysian? erm yes oh the one who ' s coming over for the course? mm yeah that ' s he ' s erm it it
2006. think you added the wrong person yeah i dread to think who i ' ve added i don ' t know h yeah because does this end well? one sec i thought you said you ' re my friend i i ' m your friend? what? oh i don ' t know about this is it? er someone else has added you yeah how how many ss have you put? one two ss ah you
2007. yeah i dread to think who i ' ve added i don ' t know h yeah because does this end well? one sec i thought you said you ' re my friend i i ' m your friend? what? oh i don ' t know about this is it? er someone else has added you yeah how how many ss have you put? one two ss ah you ' ve got a weirdo
2008. know about this is it? er someone else has added you yeah how how many ss have you put? one two ss ah you ' ve got a weirdo on there they ' re apparently my friend yeah cos i ' ve got these people who ' ve added me but i don ' t know who they are so er how do i get rid of them actually? yeah i ' m not i
2009. ? yeah i ' m not i ' m not too clued up on this erm oh shit i think i accepted him oh yay fuck how do i get rid of him now? remove friend have you got it? yeah i ' ve just got that one what is that weird ghost? yeah that ' s not very good yeah i ' ve adde okay i ' ve accepted you er can
2010. he went on the roof did he? yeah he knew it he knew it like when he spoke to in it in the episode he speaks to that girl who no one like no one calls her his friend you know the the girl who ' s the sciency girl who like loves him but he like doesn ' t love her? mm erm every time like moriarty threatened him it was like your friend
2011. you know the the girl who ' s the sciency girl who like loves him but he like doesn ' t love her? mm erm every time like moriarty threatened him it was like your friend lestrade you ' re friends with obviously erm watson and your brother mycroft but they never never threatened him with her because h obviously he never regarded her as a friend even though she like really liked
2012. him it was like your friend lestrade you ' re friends with obviously erm watson and your brother mycroft but they never never threatened him with her because h obviously he never regarded her as a friend even though she like really liked him so that ' s he went to her and was like can you do me a favour? cos you ' re not under threat because clearly he doesn ' t know
2014. we stayed in erm oh don ' t tell me in er this amazing apartment yeah it ' s well i stayed in an apartment in in the marais cool oh yeah erm which ' s friend ' s apartment that ' s cool in the troisieme arrondissement so do you sort of speak french i mean cos you went through the? i used to be a lot better yeah it ' s
2015. what? hot mustard oh is really hot on yeah so so you don ' t know if got a girlfriend or not? no i don ' t i mean like i doubt it i know his best friend is a girl but so maybe it ' s sort of god last time we saw him he was in pretty bad shape was he? he had a really bad hangover cos he was hanging out with
2026. that sounds a bit scary and did you know mm that the captain was not called captain hook he was called james hook no black no blackbeard the other one oh yeah and then he had the friend called james hook and i don ' t know how but some but for some reason he turned i think he turned no he no james hook was actually a good pirate right erm before he erm before
2027. isn ' t it? yeah mm not all of them although that nature fairy was very adventurous in the was that a boy fairy? no a girl okay okay and she managed to and i think a friend what and that beast and they thought that beast could have and and that they thought that beast could have killed her mm and she wasn ' t take and she wasn ' t erm hearing any of it
2028. felt at home very brave she did tell the other fairies in the end okay yeah and they knew about her friends and they realised she was harmless and erm and mum? mm tink has this friend which is a boy and i think she might marry and i think she might get him as a boyfriend is that the boy with blonde hair? yeah do you reckon? yeah i do too maybe they '
2032. to me not in spanish but just in italian and i was a bit confused i had that when i went to em i went to em i went to monaco with eh two spanish friends and an english friend and i was the only one who spoke french and the two spanish friends didn ' t speak much english mm so we were we were pretty much operating in spanish apart from me and the english girl we were
2037. some emigration? yeah problems they had or whatever what? can ' t remember cos guests well yeah i know quite a few albanians my age they called refugees? yeah yeah wow wow and someone in friend of mine in really? wow great it ' s a very mysterious country there ' s a good it ' s done i think okay there ' s a good book about what was that book we read about
2038. mum yeah but that ' s what ' ll cause the worry he ' ll he ' ll soon be back when he gets hungry well exactly exactly he ' d soon be back not necessarily or when his friend i mean he could get into a spot or er his friend ' s mum wants rid wants to send go back home oh not when he ' s been there for the weekend or something well i don '
2039. he ' ll he ' ll soon be back when he gets hungry well exactly exactly he ' d soon be back not necessarily or when his friend i mean he could get into a spot or er his friend ' s mum wants rid wants to send go back home oh not when he ' s been there for the weekend or something well i don ' t know i think it could be f in this day and
2040. week? what do you do? oh yes what did you eat at this wedding? it ' s a lot of dancing getting together with family who was it? like a really close family relative or friend? yeah it ' s my uncle ' s daughter yeah first cousin so what did you serve at this wedding? pardon what did you serve at with this wedding? serve? serve well we had a lot
2044. my drama friends and erm even cos now well he appears to be erm he ' s trying to get in with them ingratiate himself in my social life what ' s his best friend that ' s so weird i ' ll go back to that but erm i just te when he text me on wednesday night i was literally going to so i didn ' t text him at all and
2046. me because it would never happen hasn ' t well it happened but i can see the you ' re put in that the similarity that sort of terrible situation yes yeah where this is a family family friends friend and i know where the kids are friends and everything but erm yeah and it ' s just disappointing but i mean the whole if he hasn ' t he hasn ' t taken no for an answer the
2049. yeah probably why you know and erm so all i said to him what i ' m saying is that i ' ve got personal experience because i said i ' ve lost a really really mm good friend who i i said er i i loved with all my heart and i said it really really upsets me and it really upsets him that we can ' t even have that normal friendship now and i
2051. my little bit of northern ireland where the whole community went to church religious so yeah exactly yeah but yeah i think that it ' s a more community thing and it ' s yeah well mind you my friend sort of swears oh jesus mary mother of god saint patrick fuck so as you know that makes you religious well i don ' t know yeah perhaps there ' s something to it but actually no they would
2057. came so that time that other woman got the job you know the woman who was like in her fifties and got a lot more experience then i came second so i got a temporary position yeah and my friend came third right so if i hadn ' t killed myself mm my friend would have come second mm possibly mm so it was worth it but was it? mm you know cos yeah i did and my
2058. who was like in her fifties and got a lot more experience then i came second so i got a temporary position yeah and my friend came third right so if i hadn ' t killed myself mm my friend would have come second mm possibly mm so it was worth it but was it? mm you know cos yeah i did and my and she i i did think i actually think that ' s right because
2059. now that ' s wonderful right but i said to her i should bloody think so because seriously i nearly killed myself and i think that ' s a curse wouldn ' t you rather be you or my friend who ' s like right i ' m gonna i ' ve gotta do this but i ' m not gonna make myself ill over it do you know what i mean? i dunno i dunno what
2062. google would just like just blacklist it like mm he said a kid could do better he spent months doing it he ' s taken that money i ' m not even joking it ' s ' s friend what the fuck? like i know i know you ' re probably stressed like you are stressed about it but like why doesn ' t just ask for the money back? like it ' s he is '
2063. s the most played word on words with friends? probably right? no he ' s winning this one baby right yeah and i blame stephen fry you blame stephen fry? for qi and er oh my friend ' s playing with me now you didn ' t come up yet shame and i forgot what i was gonna do after all that what ' s and making? dunno probably something nicer than what i
2065. anything? that ' s what he said to me does he do anything? no mm does he do anything? no no yes he does well you say he makes me very happy he ' s our friend he didn ' t ask me that though he just asked does he do anything? yeah he just wanted to know yes he doesn ' t care about that he makes me happy that ' s all a dad
2068. go yeah yeah yeah so we were doing that and we had we had a different teacher today she seemed okay she was alright erm oh did you find out from uncle the name of erm his friend? it was it was just a and i have got an english teacher called ah so i ' m presuming it ' s her so it ' s just one and the same yeah yeah which is
2073. get on the wrong kind of the wrong side of some people internally to make them do what you wanna do it ' s weird but you have to yeah walk this line of being everybody ' s best friend but also being able to be put enough pressure on people that they do my goodness whatever it is that you wanna do my goodness it ' s a really weird position you have to be a bit vain as
2074. she ' s er obviously like must take is a bit of a psycho must take things like really seriously because this is so petty once we were on a night out and she was there because her best friend used to go out with as well oh okay they broke up i liked her she was nice erm they were friends and mm who ' s ' s girlfriend was seeing at this time yeah and said something
2076. friend who has the ocd cos obviously the ocd is like in the mind so it ' s like mm a different thing and so he ' s now bound to this contract with them his friend is like i don ' t i don ' t want you to cos i want to see if i can overcome it myself which is really cool ah it ' s a really nice ending just stop that
2077. unless she was in the erm ah the psychologists erm psychotherapists one no no? no but i erm i ' ve told you about her before she ' s like my main friend there aha and erm she er she was i think she did a year at studio school but she ' s come back to retake her as levels at now really? yeah so there ' s
2080. is older than us but no any ages that ' s like older than thirty - five oh okay erm no i ' m not gonna say that one no no you can i ' ve got a friend no that ' s a really bad one i ' ve got a friend who fancied fancied a sixty - five year old so don ' t who? my friend no who ' s the
2081. thirty - five oh okay erm no i ' m not gonna say that one no no you can i ' ve got a friend no that ' s a really bad one i ' ve got a friend who fancied fancied a sixty - five year old so don ' t who? my friend no who ' s the sixty - five - year - old? i can ' t remember his
2082. ' ve got a friend no that ' s a really bad one i ' ve got a friend who fancied fancied a sixty - five year old so don ' t who? my friend no who ' s the sixty - five - year - old? i can ' t remember his name oh but he was like a film director mm and she ' s just crazy for old guys nice that
2094. that yeah okay just got a text through here one new message oh right it ' s er from my ex girlfriend well still my girlfriend but we ' re not er yeah we ' re not er a friend who ' s a girl going out mm oh we ' re friends yeah we ' re not erm we ' re not sleeping together erm and yeah so the doctor arranged for me to have a an
2095. never get people walking up to them and saying hello with a smiling face and saying how are you? and whwhat ' s your opinion? and er you know so they they want a friend and that ' s nice but if you ' re going to try and reach a lot of people you can ' t like a doctor you can ' t devote that much time to to them er but you
2097. but he that ' s right and the really didn ' t like that cos he was very nationalist erm and they wanted to break away so didn ' t get on course he was a good friend of hitler at the time that ' s right well that ' s another thing no yes well yes but i don ' t think spain is a very fractured country and i think that ' s a lot of
2103. s never up there i suppose he ' s he i bet he ' s washed his hands of it he got the job and he ' s thinking do whatever mm mm yeah yeah yeah yeah what a friend? manual labour mm well he ' s probably thinking it is not necessarily not necessary but it is just him and these days isn ' t it so yeah yeah so is up there and who ' s that
2108. her views uhu so in terms of like unfriending people because of their views on facebook mm it depends on my relationship with that person yeah if it was a very close person or close friend i would sort of t not look past it but i wouldn ' t unfriend them mm whereas if it ' s someone that i worked with three years ago or went to school with yeah i
2109. ##m er a woman who lives in the country mm who she goes out to on the tram erm and teaches english to and this woman apparently is ultra ultra conservative uhu and also ' s facebook friend and had put some pro - gay marriage campaign thing or changed yeah the rainbow picture oh that ' s what it was yeah she put the rainbow picture on in support of the american supreme court mm erm
2110. might share that abundance with other people mm and that doesn ' t necessarily mean giving money to people who are living on the street or whatever erm that might mean you know buying a coffee for a friend once in a while mm or a meal or a whatever erm but i find i ' m kind of conflicted about people who live on the street or people who are homeless because in many respects i
2111. erm and was wanting to give his time as a volunteer mm and in return of course he got volunteer expenses he got his lunch he got tea coffee got friendship companionship he became a really good friend of mine for a number of years and we also had a homeless project had a rent deposit scheme erm and that ' s the sort of project i wouldn ' t mind giving money to mm because it
2113. just doesn ' t take anybody ' s advice and like she ' s been to see so many doctors and her parents have done so much for her and she still she still fights it erm my friend er you ' ve pro you ' ve probably met her a few times she ' s like erm you know my twenty - first and they both gave a speech? yeah yeah yeah erm for a
2114. coffee places and just like talking to random people like oh it ' s just like and it ' s just it ' s really sad isn ' t it? it is really sad and like as her friend like it ' s really really difficult cos you ' d sit and talk to her how was everything with the starters? alright for everything? shall i get could i have some ketchup please?
2115. and me and haven ' t haven ' t seen her since yeah has told me her her side of that story as well it ' s really came off really bad on that i mean is what? friend or her sister? friend erm friend loosely not friends anymore mainly because of everything that happened erm had two close friends at the time and and i think they ' ve both just had enough of it
2116. t haven ' t seen her since yeah has told me her her side of that story as well it ' s really came off really bad on that i mean is what? friend or her sister? friend erm friend loosely not friends anymore mainly because of everything that happened erm had two close friends at the time and and i think they ' ve both just had enough of it and kind of walked away
2117. t seen her since yeah has told me her her side of that story as well it ' s really came off really bad on that i mean is what? friend or her sister? friend erm friend loosely not friends anymore mainly because of everything that happened erm had two close friends at the time and and i think they ' ve both just had enough of it and kind of walked away and then saw
2118. wait a little while does she do that for for the shock factor yeah? yeah no she is like really loyal isn ' t she? she ' ll go yeah yeah i know a frie a friend to is a friend for life and i know it ' s it ' s an awkward position to be in definitely i think ' s taken a big step back and you know probably i ' d say for
2119. does she do that for for the shock factor yeah? yeah no she is like really loyal isn ' t she? she ' ll go yeah yeah i know a frie a friend to is a friend for life and i know it ' s it ' s an awkward position to be in definitely i think ' s taken a big step back and you know probably i ' d say for the better but i
2120. that i didn ' t know that yeah mm yeah yeah cos we used to have little ah she was lovely wasn ' t she ' s black fluffy kit cat ah and she was beautiful and my friend erm she had her brother from the same litter mm and he ' s ginger and she was black and she was gorgeous and she just disappeared on boxing day didn ' t she? when she was about
2121. ? cos you you look at her funny mate she ' ll go she ' s go for you she that ' s quite unusual with labs isn ' t it? yeah oh well well as my friend my friend ' s german shepherd was like that mm i was glad when that one snuffed it hello she ' s got such a cute little face i know she ' s my baby has got her
2128. tv i don ' t really know does he have brothers or sisters? uhu he has a brother called how old is he? erm i think he ' s about ten mm he had his friend over as well okay and he has a and he has a cat was it like a two storey house or as it a bungalow? erm it ' s a two storey house and erm but and
2130. rarely see them with english people not english yeah white people like do you know what i mean i think that ' s really rude like it ' s like what am i not good enough to be your friend? why don ' t they just yeah stay in china if they just wanna be with chinese people? yeah yeah it really pisses me off cos if i went abroad somewhere like i would make the
2138. i ' m going on thursday oh right a week what day are you going off? thursday thursday? oh oh you ' ve gotta do i ' m going to stay with a friend on thursday night friend oh that ' s nice where ' s she living then? er oh oh over oh over that way cos the flight goes at seven in the morning so oh mm are you going back to? horrible
2142. that neck of the woods? she does has she got mates? she ' s hasn ' t she? there ' s in there ' s my auntie in so yeah erm who was a friend of erm ' s who died?? oh she lived she lived over the road from us as we were growing up oh right it wasn ' t it wasn ' t a lady that i met you
2143. ' m gonna have homeschool forever? yeah until we go to college i don ' t really understand why though is she not happy? i don ' t know well baby she ' s your friend i know are you not going to ask her? i ' ll ask her to tomorrow because that would be s a sad thing wouldn ' t it? i mean you can still play together outside of school
2145. wasn ' t there something is stirring yeah in my mind i do do do you remember who it was? cos i no i can ' t but it was one of your maybe it was a friend i don ' t know god i don ' t it was a very long time ago a friend? oh that ' s a town near yeah i know cos mum always talks about it apparently your i
2146. was? cos i no i can ' t but it was one of your maybe it was a friend i don ' t know god i don ' t it was a very long time ago a friend? oh that ' s a town near yeah i know cos mum always talks about it apparently your i thought you said a friend i thought oh you never lived in twenty years ago mm i did live
2147. god i don ' t it was a very long time ago a friend? oh that ' s a town near yeah i know cos mum always talks about it apparently your i thought you said a friend i thought oh you never lived in twenty years ago mm i did live in years ago or near in the area yeah i ' ve never lived in sorry i wasn ' t being a german i was just
2148. up and blank out the body it ' s it ' s a little chihuahua and it ' s got this biggish body with a tiny head a tiny head i don ' t erm my friend who ' s not really my friend she ' s ' s friend not really gay either is she really gay? no not really her name is and she ' s not really my friend although i get on
2149. ' s it ' s a little chihuahua and it ' s got this biggish body with a tiny head a tiny head i don ' t erm my friend who ' s not really my friend she ' s ' s friend not really gay either is she really gay? no not really her name is and she ' s not really my friend although i get on with her quite well she ' s
2150. little chihuahua and it ' s got this biggish body with a tiny head a tiny head i don ' t erm my friend who ' s not really my friend she ' s ' s friend not really gay either is she really gay? no not really her name is and she ' s not really my friend although i get on with her quite well she ' s ' s friend but i only
2151. erm my friend who ' s not really my friend she ' s ' s friend not really gay either is she really gay? no not really her name is and she ' s not really my friend although i get on with her quite well she ' s ' s friend but i only see her through so she ' s not really officially my friend but that ' s beside the point she ' s got
2152. ' s friend not really gay either is she really gay? no not really her name is and she ' s not really my friend although i get on with her quite well she ' s ' s friend but i only see her through so she ' s not really officially my friend but that ' s beside the point she ' s got a erm so stupid she ' s got a greyhound and a black
2153. her name is and she ' s not really my friend although i get on with her quite well she ' s ' s friend but i only see her through so she ' s not really officially my friend but that ' s beside the point she ' s got a erm so stupid she ' s got a greyhound and a black hound erm oh god what were those dogs that used to have? or
2155. her problems oh even someone like me and we ' re really close but if i thought that actually she couldn ' t come and talk to me good song so devastated cos you wanna be a good friend? mm? can you close the door to please? thanks dear it ' s making me feel a bit sick yeah yeah it ' s making the house smell hmm no that bit ' s great it '
2156. bit ' s great it ' s hard like why would you not er er it ' s like we said before yeah you know if he ' s got if you feel like you ' re a bad friend do something about it that ' s he was saying when we were in london he got upset he said you know my friends can ' t rely on me they don ' t come to me but er actual
2158. ve been different yeah i think i but i still do feel a bit guilty i ' d be sitting on selfish street for this one yeah i mean no one wants to think of themselves as a bad friend but it doesn ' t seem to bother no it really doesn ' t it really doesn ' t one two three the more i think about it y you ' re right the more i think about it i
2166. ' s engagement party in oh god then i ' m going to for the weekend after to see a friend of mine from uni like not from uni from home he ' s like my best friend from home oh nice then the weekend after that i ' m going to naples for four days as you do it ' s another secret escapes so okay ninety - nine pounds how much? ninety - nine pounds
2168. he goes with them oh really? he says it ' s an hour to get there and an hour to get back so he may as well who are his who are his friends? you know our friend and vaguely is it and? vaguely and they meet about an hour away so he says well there ' s no point coming back no and i said well i hope they pay for your lunch at least mm
2172. ##y - ay - ay - ay - ay - ay - ay - ay did i tell you i saw the other day when i was on? you did your friend now yeah yes going back to uni to do a a linguistics course oh yes yyeah you mm were saying yeah one child ' s leaving for uni and one ' s coming back yes uh
2174. wanna be worried about your work no definitely so what did end up doing this weekend? has she got any friends coming over or? oh her friend ' s pulled out on her er oh no the friend was meant to come and didn ' t so she ' s just on her own now oh it ' s a shame she couldn ' t have come up but it ' s the cost of it isn '
2178. had a big smug i think i think i think like was like talking to a guy like who ' s that other girl? is who was with him? was it? yeah yeah there was her friend from dominos from ddom from dominos ssususupergirl she was? yeah yeah yeah that ' s that ' s why would he annoy you? what he what had he done
2179. and oh he didn ' t go back to work? went straight back out er to ours oh was impressed yeah she loves us i thought that was did you say? you know ' s got a friend called yeah and his wife ' s called er he was oh she ' s not married? yeah the one from the sort of not cult but the sort of er that has sevseven children commune
2180. somebody she ' d known ages ago you know one of these simple little stories for the woman ' s weekly and i was mad er mad as a you didn ' t send it to people ' s friend by mistake? no i sent it to the no? woman ' s weekly yeah but to be honest you can ' t copyright an idea you can only copyright the yeah you can copyright a short story though
2184. ? twenty - two twenty - two? so far who ' s going? right i knew you ' d ask me this so i ' ve memorised the list oh right me yeah and her friend oh okay yeah cos ca ' s wife really? they ' re going out i said well bring him bring she said i can ' t believe it she said me and have got something planned oh co
2185. definites is a definite now? er er yyes more or less yes then we ' ve got and somebody called i think her name was and might come she hasn ' t confirmed that yet her friend erm it was the lady who should ' ve turned up yeah oh the one that was meant to be there the other week? yeah then there ' s erm right in the village who i used
2188. ' s like i dunno how much time do you spend on? fantastic the only good jokes is when like the really dorky one called john says that he knows how to swim and then his friend ' s like you can ' t learn how to swim from youtube on the floor it ' s pretty good though it ' s quite funny oh my god this got such bad reviews really? yeah what the
2190. but apparently there is actually everybody sees the same thing i don ' t i don ' t really get it wow i ' m gonna have to look at that on the internet yeah like she was my friend was like you have to go and see this they it ' s like a erm tour like a trip yeah they actually take people on a trip to go see it that ' s crazy i don '
2201. the money who was not the first wife got the entire estate yeah and that ' s the end of it yeah i know no questions asked mm my friend at work who i used to work with my friend now er she was married years and years ago in and then left him erm and they got a divorce he remarried had a family and then died got cancer or some sort i think er but he '
2204. no honestly that ' s nothing compared to when come and like basically just take do they not offer to clean up or anything? god no really? no wow they don ' t offer to be your friend half the time nice fucking arseholes that is ridiculous that is really bad they are they are bad like if they want to isolate themselves then they have gone about it in a very good way yeah that
2205. oyster sauce ah and? pork pork what did i normally have? aubergine i do remember enjoying that there ' s rice look at ah yeah and people used to oh he ' s made a friend yeah but he ' ll bite come on little fellow oh hello he ' s a he ' s a little puppy hello mm he ' s a puppy oh careful he ' s gonna bite they look so cute
2206. and then they went to what do you call the man? cos he yeah he the guy saw him as well? yeah cos he was allowed a copy to put in the that was his friend and he was allowed to in the the catholic paper so in the end i says oh well actually i think i was there at the time yeah but but i wasn ' t at that event no went to
2207. for being in the music industry you ' ve got to be prepared for this well yes that ' s true er because they all have different they like different styles i mean they er y her and her friend obviously different style players they ' re the same standard although her teacher says she should ' ve got it er she teaches both of them ah she said she really does reckon should ' ve got it but and
2213. we know because there is no way first of all telling that he ' s telling the truth and second of all that it ' s him yeah yeah it could like it could plausibly be a friend messing about with a parody account a bitter jape yeah a jape yes a well - meaning bitter jape banterous jape bitter jape there ' s nothing wrong with a bit of bitter
2214. mean i ' m happy with that cos that ' s that ' s fun no harm that ' s changed a man ' s life no harm is done but that did remind me of er a friend ' s life who i may may have slightly caused some emotional harm some injury to so okay have you heard the story of? no no go on so back story i had a friend called in secondary school
2215. of er a friend ' s life who i may may have slightly caused some emotional harm some injury to so okay have you heard the story of? no no go on so back story i had a friend called in secondary school erm and we had a geography teacher called mrs miss? miss? miss yeah i think it ' s miss oh so oh la la so we ' re erm oh really?
2216. ##ight guys immediately they think oh i would tap that yes but basically well it ' s not no no not with every guy but i ' d say more guys than girls would potentially no the only guy friend i have is gay so maybe it is yeah oh gosh i bet it ' ll be out of date i ' ve been eating so many out of date things it ' s disgusting it won ' t
2218. lot of my friends yeah just just get them yeah and they used to be really happy about it and i think like i haven i have technically i have worked so but it was for a sort of friend of a family so it wasn ' t mm so scary what were you doing? frozen oh so yeah and i think i swear i ' ve done something else but i can ' t remember what it is
2220. really i was laughing yeah it was strange yeah i ' m on google images i can ' t get over everyone ' s on google images now though it ' s so funny you just type in your friend ' s name and it comes up i know and it ' s like you get really embarrassing pictures if my arm feels like completely fine in ten days should i cancel the appointment? erm if it feels
2223. be honest like she just said erm my friend like is interested in like taking your room and c so that we can be closer cos she was in like a house quite far away from her friend so mm but it was lucky that i tracked her down and was like hey have my room and that is lucky it is that ' s really lucky yeah until the end of don ' t know
2226. the yeah the cinema and like salut hi salut it ' s like my erm ca va? one of my friends who ' s er salut but it ' s like my er american friend obviously there ' s a lot of erm racism police brutality with the police over there and she said cos she lives in quite a dodgy neighbourhood and she said some of her friends would literally co
2227. ##f thing? no that was oh god yeah that was like oh another thing no basically there ' s this girl and we were always enemies we were like arch enemies and but she was ' s best friend as well and we like were really jealous and possessive of really? and erm i didn ' t know that yeah and it was like this she was like i just we were like chalk and cheese and
2229. ? oh i think i might ' ve done actually it ' s er just like some cut scenes with this and she says to erm then we then we went into space and then yeah goodbye giant friend come back soon after you ' ll ' ve like fallen to earth and he just gets like yeah exploded yeah so i ' m assuming this is where jun disappears oh yeah he stays with halsey coward just
2230. s sake outgunned by a single grunt do it i didn ' t even get a chance to move beep - beep mother fuckers oh thank you for blowing up that installation my good friend can ' t wait to get killed by random flying erm stuff super - combined i wonder if you can super - combine a jackal what? how did you manage? i think er i think it
2235. ten o ' clock fully clothed in bed with my phone going crazy oh my god people were oh my god where are you? are you in hospital? i had so many voicemails from my friend being like oh what the fuck you ' ve left me in town what the fuck where are you? oh god it was was staying at yours? or yeah she was staying at mine oh n she was
2236. you should not be bringing this girl oh and now h then he said you can ' t? yeah oh so that ' s er erm i was like i was like you i have been your friend for the whole time you ' ve been in australia mm and now you ' re coming back and you ' re ignoring me yeah and he was like but i don ' t have to talk to you all
2237. knew that i knew and i ' m just like okay why is this so convoluted? like i know i don ' t care care like literally like stop pretending you ' re my best friend wait till halloween walking out with him oh yeah exactly i ' m just gonna i ' m gonna smash it out the ballpark mm in my head i look amazing on the day i ' ll probably look
2238. like now but like cos they ' re like best friends oh so of you so yeah if you broke up with or hurt then would not be happy yeah so and that kind of you know best friend aware that you yeah well you said the boys know that you don ' t yeah yeah yeah yeah well i was talking with them earlier and i was like why did you not stop me from kissing her?
2242. ' t accept erm payments at the moment for his bank so i ' ve got to send it via paypal yeah pay hundred and forty mm gbp continue okay so i ' m sending a friend or family erm oh i ' m just going to send fuck it erm ah i erm spoke to like do you i was saying i worried about stuff about stuff about us being engaged and stuff
2243. then that ' s why it ' s not working log out okay erm hope that ' s the right password i bet it ' s not oh yay bank account linked okay send money to a friend oh there we go send money to a friend okay do you know who took us out f drinking that time for free yeah erm that ' s who was who has bought it for me ah he '
2244. working log out okay erm hope that ' s the right password i bet it ' s not oh yay bank account linked okay send money to a friend oh there we go send money to a friend okay do you know who took us out f drinking that time for free yeah erm that ' s who was who has bought it for me ah he ' s such a sweetheart that was a really fun
2245. last year didn ' t you and you only managed to sell it to one person yeah one one were interested cos it ' s fucking students it ' s uni yeah like the majority of my friend base is students and i don ' t have time to be going backwards and forward to to sell like to give it them or to like talk to them about it yeah and people trust you more if you
2246. friends because when you get that vibe off someone it doesn ' t really matter like you ' re not going to be friends with everyone but i that she wasn ' t interested in trying to become my friend or anything so i tried a few times being nice to her and making conversation i wasn ' t really getting much back so i just thought oh alright then i don ' t really care she ' s not
2247. to go back to your house she just didn ' t care and she just didn ' t care i was just like you ' re such a horrible person like i don ' t want to be your friend yeah but like if you don ' t like someone you don ' t like someone there ' s no need to be fucking horrible to them but like i always make an effort to like to talk to them
2248. s not a very nice person like i haven ' t got nothing against her but i just don ' t like her she ' s just not my type of person like i would never consider her a friend or trust her what ' s that you ' re putting on? erm protect and protect and perfect just er cream that ' s nice to stop me getting wrinkled cos i ' m getting to that
2261. gallons alright two two and a half three yeah yeah but they yeah but i mean the thing is it ' s a you know she ' s sort of it ' s not worth it cos her friend does it you see oh i see yeah but some people even when they get quite old can drive can ' t they yeah i mean i can remember when i used to have to drive all over the place
2265. ? do you wanna know mm what ' s response was? no i ' ll wait for you there where? in class in his seat so he ' s not really waiting for him ah wants a friend exactly wants a friend to wait with him but so ssay if we ' re say if like i ' m going to my locker first mm er and the bell rings i think i think ' s on
2266. know mm what ' s response was? no i ' ll wait for you there where? in class in his seat so he ' s not really waiting for him ah wants a friend exactly wants a friend to wait with him but so ssay if we ' re say if like i ' m going to my locker first mm er and the bell rings i think i think ' s on the autistic
2267. just me that didn ' t know but that is bad i wanna know how found them on social media how would you know their names in that other team? lives pardon? lives in erm his friend lives in and after the game he showed the players his instagram oh oh showed them his instagram? why? cos he said to them contact me he has cos they were being cheeky
2268. i still find it helpful cos i ' m like i ' m the only person that can laugh about that you ' re not allowed to i ' m allowed cos i ' m your best friend i ' ve got a so mm i don ' t have a receiving hairline either my hairline keeps getting like closer to my eyebrows mine ' s going the other way soon i ' ll be bald

