Cluster 1
2. least he ' s got that one yeah stop you need to like think about yourself a bit more and yeah and and as well yeah which is so amazing and yeah like your his yeah y like your family and yeah ah ah that ' s so good that they ' re gonna be here though yeah yeah even if even if it is like a hour drive it ' s still only an hour drive yeah it '
5. same country and like they were living together and their like relationship was like solid solid solid mm then it would be fine but because she ' s in he ' s in yeah all the ex ' s family ' s in and it ' s yeah all a bit up in the air and it ' s like they they were only together in for like three or four months before he moved to oh so it '
8. an infinite amount of times i still think that i ' d like to make the research as varied as possible therefore i should get as many people as i can so although i will record all of my family and all my friends numerous times i will do probably make an effort to meet with random people that i don ' t know it depends how much of a pain these forms are they ' re not too bad
9. talking about? why couldn ' t you escape? oh she was just like oh she wanted to know about wh where i ' d gone and like my trip and then she started talking about her family and i ' m l oh well it wasn ' t that bad she seemed like a nice lady yeah but like you really get caught there and you can ' t leave yeah with old people they just talk
10. i lived with a canadian girl in the first year and we were all living in halls together she couldn ' t afford to fly home for christmas so i said come and spend christmas with me and my family we were really close really nice girl still really good friends now great so i go home she goes off to germany for a week and then um i ' m at home she ' s flying in from germany
13. idea but a lot or? probably a fair amount probably i would say must be about two hundred three hundred pounds for a two week trip right plus accommodation okay and travel accommodation in a hostel? host family host family ah yeah yeah and some of them were really bare minimum that ' s another scam as well i know yeah a host family it ' s more like a lodger lodging a bed in a
14. a lot or? probably a fair amount probably i would say must be about two hundred three hundred pounds for a two week trip right plus accommodation okay and travel accommodation in a hostel? host family host family ah yeah yeah and some of them were really bare minimum that ' s another scam as well i know yeah a host family it ' s more like a lodger lodging a bed in a room you
16. ' s more like a lodger lodging a bed in a room you know o one lad one lad he was in from er what ' s it called? london met he said um hi his host family used didn ' t used to allow him to eat downstairs he used to have to eat up in his room yeah oh yeah some some are very welcoming mm you are part of the family but others you i
18. might feel differently because it ' s probably worth living in london just yourself mm for a couple of years yeah and making the decision because there ' s no point thinking right now i ' ve got a family let ' s all move to and not know what it ' s like yeah because it is mental that ' d be a bit extreme and i mean it i like i mean i love visiting i think it
19. there for like a semester and obviously from america that ' s really far mm that ' s a really great like opportunity mhm and they were like but why do you want to go? even her family were like what are you talking about? why are you going there? and i was like w why don ' t they understand it? she said well apart from me and one other person on in my
20. other person that owns a passport they just don ' t in her generation? that ' s mad everyone not just her generation mm anybody mm she doesn ' t know one other person mm yeah and her family lived all over america they just don ' t own them no americans are quite happy in their own country mm and even a girl that lived er in maine she ' s spent a lot of time going to
21. and i th er i think she worked in hotels which is why she did it er her that i lived i lived with her in lyons mm um no mm they don ' t do it never any family holidays they spent there yeah it ' s mad isn ' t it? you know some other state maybe you know mm p like her and her boyfriend lived six hours apart mm mm so their like perception of
25. mean at the time you know you ' re only what? eighteen? you kind of yeah but did they not sort of self - reflect and think well possibly if she ' d had a bit of family love and support she might ' ve been able to actually do some work? like living in her own home possibly yeah apparently not but at the time because they ' re adults and you ' re not mm
29. guessed? it ' s pretty nice can ' t help but touch i like all the um the the detail er yes so mm er sales director ' s wanting to go to dubai for easter with his family mm and the cheapest hotel he could possibly find was he was looking at two grand a night no i kid you not how many of them are there? um four five fucking hell five? two grand
32. possible like there ' s nothing below eighty - five pounds a night in where? yes in where? yes in okay i can can ' t get you employee rate but i can get you friends and family rate oh how much would that be? i don ' t know even if it was fifty that ' d be amazing i ' ll tell you oo have it back this is where we ' re going
37. anything like that mm but like she ' d she started going walking and everything like that yeah like constantly walking everywhere she ' d had who was that? my timer oh she ' d had like oh family friends with her and stuff she ' d stop eating na mars bars until the weight just dropped off her and she looked so nice bless her cos she was quite old as well like she wasn ' t
40. want their own christmas days or or well they were said she ' ll never want them just their mum and dad maybe or whatever she wants her chil cos she ' s always likes the big family get - togethers mm but erm i ' m hoping you know with ' s good job that eventually they ' ll have the big house as well and yeah you know i think wants about four kids
43. ##m one of the things that ' s quite daunting is that it ' s going to be in oh crikey how does that come about? erm because that ' s where her family eh go oh and in fact although erm and live in she ' s only just moved to and she was a server there so although she ' s lost her residence in she and her parents are well
47. people yeah yeah brown hair? yeah i remember the woman but he wants to invite her and mum said well you can ' t invite her this is mother ' s day she ' s got her own family and her children uh huh so they fell out about that and then he said to her erm oh you you he said you ju you only wanna go to get out of the washing up who said that
48. ' s nothing i can do about that i know yeah but it ' s just it ' s just one of them isn ' t it? mm it ' s just another i thought she was moody family member she was alright i thought not not nan though well no and she won ' t be the same again i don ' t think not after everything that ' s happened i just don ' t think she
50. t know having never been on drugs been high or met anybody like that well that is you wanna work in retail for a week and then meet a few people maybe she ' s trying to feed her family maybe? oh she hasn ' t got a family or to be fair she probably has and they ' re probably on benefits as well in care in care that ' s the right word dad it ' s
51. met anybody like that well that is you wanna work in retail for a week and then meet a few people maybe she ' s trying to feed her family maybe? oh she hasn ' t got a family or to be fair she probably has and they ' re probably on benefits as well in care in care that ' s the right word dad it ' s a shame mum but it ' s it ' s
52. with some parts of it mm is a better word because when you ' re living at home like you ' re not necessarily content with everything either no well i yeah wouldn ' t be cos my family would like be n be a nightmare like they were last year yeah mm i ' d get such judgement from my family and they ' d always be on my back saying like why are you not getting a
53. necessarily content with everything either no well i yeah wouldn ' t be cos my family would like be n be a nightmare like they were last year yeah mm i ' d get such judgement from my family and they ' d always be on my back saying like why are you not getting a job? mm like you need to get yourself together and all of this crap and it just wouldn ' t be very
70. very used to it but erm it ' s just a factor you know in in er when you ' re when i ' m in er with er when i ' m with them yeah with his family that i don ' t really understand what ' s going on some of the time and then i just kind of switch of into my own thing you know and they ' re very polite like they always try
72. license on the provisional whereas in you can ' t no you have to be with a driver you can ' t in holland either oh you can ' t yeah you you here you can drive with a family member can ' t you? or anyone with a license anyone with a license that ' s right yeah no but in israel you can ' t drive at all unless you ' re either in a car with
73. said it ' s supposed to like you know but my clan have only been down to oxford maybe once mm since i moved maybe twice and i ' m never going to be a person to desert my family or friends they ' re always going to be more important mm i love how you call them your clan it ' s like such a northern thing to say my clan like william wallis mm that and the parental
79. i bet it ' s not more frequent but i mean i bet it ' s still just as surely this house alone with the different people produces quite a bit of waste as always yeah more than my family my mum and because well it ' s because there ' s so many adults in one space isn ' t there yeah exactly but there ' s only quite small is that is that the argument small dustbin
80. she still in france? yep has she got other relatives? um not outside of russia she got the the day the day after it happened um she got whisked off and put in a foster family bloody hell which luckily i think were a really nice family yeah and have yeah have were able to keep her for all mm you know from when she was eleven to when she was eighteen but what a traumatic
88. maybe but erm but yeah oh now i do now i remember oh and you know is having another baby? mm another one? what? oh really? yeah she ' s adding to her little family did she did she not learn? adding to her collection and erm wait is it the same father? and yeah and ' s gonna be a father yeah i know that i know i knew that ages
89. i have children same exactly yeah you know i don ' t know if this sounds selfish i don ' t think have a life before you can yeah but i ' d wanna be able to support a family yeah i ' d just wanna be you know i feel like they ' re the sort of people that are gonna be still living with their mum and dad like when they ' re like twenty f six i
90. s stressful isn ' t it? doesn ' t help does it? and they ' ve got an eighteen - month - old baby mm blimey and like she ' s and all her family ' s in colombia but they as well yeah colombians are they? well yeah all south americans just all latin latin americans who oh yeah erm did they say it ' s doing well though the the
91. right so i got let me just read this to you who sent me a whatsapp? who has? oh right erm let ' s find it so this text said right your friends and family forty percent plan charge discount has been removed okay from your next bill date you will pay the erm plan charge in full remember to use my ee to check your charges followed by at the same time good
92. has been removed okay from your next bill date you will pay the erm plan charge in full remember to use my ee to check your charges followed by at the same time good news your friends and family discount is now set up you will get forty percent off your plan charge every month on your bill remember to use my ee to check your bills so i just thought oh okay that that came through together yesterday
93. nine so that ' s really good so they ' ve so they ' ve given me the twenty - one ninety - nine as the new full price mm obviously they ' ve got obviously taken friends and family into it then ten ninety - nine there was a thirty - seven pence for some random photo i thought well i am not going to query that and then erm and then they put the vat
94. i was very pleased with that which is half of what we were paying yes so obviously querying it you know because iit was weird cos i ' m saying to her oh my friends and family discount has finished so i i can ' t afford to pay i thought you told me you didn ' t tell her it was finished no no i yeah i did no when i phoned her i said
95. afford to pay i thought you told me you didn ' t tell her it was finished no no i yeah i did no when i phoned her i said to her in good faith my friends and family discount erm apparently has been is going to be cancelled from today because i got the year wrong two thousand sixteen yeah gonna be cancelled from today i can ' t afford the forty - one forty - two
96. expiring so she said well i i i can put you down to twenty - one ninety - nine i said so that ' s wwhat i ' m paying anyway with the friends and family discount and she ' s just going yes to that so i i think we are on different wavelengths because she went i said well okay and she said you can have another contract she goes it tells you when
97. out for a meal i thought okay and and tha and this woman straightaway looked and went oh and instantly dropped it because i just said you know i ' ve i ' ve lost my friends and family discount this is you know you ' ve got the price of forty - one i can ' t afford it what are my options? mm you know cos was it the retentions department or was it
99. ' ll call them up then try it shall i call them and see? you should do because you shou i couldn ' t believe that i hope it doesn ' t mess up my friends and family though well it sounds iit almost sounds as though that will well that i i didn ' t it will mess it up won ' t it? yours will because yours is from someone that ' s gonna
100. it ' s it ' s showing us forty - one or whatever on your account i ' ll put it down to this then that text came through a day later two days later saying your friends and family discount has been set up it ' s it ' s yeah it ' s weird i d i don ' t know what the yeah i think if it ' s come off though it ' s really good
101. baffles me how it ' s happened and why it ' s happened that a general customer service adviser would but it says and it ' s the fact they ' ve set up the friends and family what did that erm? maybe it was her last day and she felt generous or something no who ph i don ' t i don ' t it ' s the way it ' s set up she
102. twenty - two it ' s unheard of well for yeah for an iphone six ii ' m perfectly happy with this don ' t don ' t get me wrong and i ' d have paid the family and friends discount for another twelve months happily that ' s crazy look at that it ' s saying that ' s the amount that ' s going to come out so it ' s saying oh like so a
103. ' t know why i just thought why didn ' t you do it a month after you took out your contract? i just thought i wouldn ' t do it because we ' re on friends and family on it because we we were all happy with the friends and the family we were thinking we obviously we ' re getting a good deal because we are on that but now yeah yyou do there really good
104. a month after you took out your contract? i just thought i wouldn ' t do it because we ' re on friends and family on it because we we were all happy with the friends and the family we were thinking we obviously we ' re getting a good deal because we are on that but now yeah yyou do there really good very impressive so go on mum like i say completely by luck than judgement
105. that ' s what they are saying yes it it says your plan is meant to be twenty - one ninety - nine oh it says that? oh okay and then you ' ve got your friends and family there we are so but maybe because she ' s removed it now it ' ll come off next month i don ' t know well no because the email said they ' d just set it up mm the
106. because she ' s removed it now it ' ll come off next month i don ' t know well no because the email said they ' d just set it up mm the email said your friends and family are set up for it it ' s weird isn ' t it? and because the friends and family doesn ' t end now until twenty - seventeen i ' m hoping this will go on for twelve months
107. no because the email said they ' d just set it up mm the email said your friends and family are set up for it it ' s weird isn ' t it? and because the friends and family doesn ' t end now until twenty - seventeen i ' m hoping this will go on for twelve months but wewe ' ll see i ' ll look at it next month and we ' ll see no
108. she ' s gone back yeah she loved the place oh well good she ' s totally over the moon so oh good oh that ' s good right yeah yeah yeah and erm we ' ve got family lined up yeah to come over yeah yeah however my son has told me that he ' s getting married in april what? yeah so now we we ' re having to juggle things about cos we
113. aw a lot of these young children in th in the er pupil er centre mm mm have been failed by have been failed somewhere along in their lives mm you know by their parents mm mm mum dad family you know? society mm mm you know they they so it ' s not their fault? they ' ve been failed yeah and er a lot of them really are very very needy mm so you know?
114. mm why are you choosing? mm this pathway that yeah yeah yeah and like i try to explore explore that with them mm mm because you know everybody wants to be liked everybody wants to have a a family everyone wants to go wants to go home yeah yeah yeah to a loving wife yeah you know? yeah it yeah you know? everyone wwe all want the same thing yeah that ' s right we wanna be
115. but it ' s so expensive so you can ' t do that when you ' re a student do they have metal clubs in ibiza? yeah do they really? did you go there with your family or friends and friends yeah i went with a couple of my mates yeah it was just absolutely unreal it ' s not all just about the dance music and getting drunk and stuff people being sick oh i
118. has been yeah ever before yeah yeah maybe cos all the women are working whereas before at least fifty percent of them used to be quite happy to stay at home yeah stay at home and raise a family yeah then the blokes could earn enough to keep them to keep them going yeah keep them going well it ' s that ' s the main difference i ' m sure a lot of people wouldn '
121. and you know i didn ' t gather that from the conversation that we ' d had so anyway he fell out with me erm and he ' s been known to do that with other friends and family members mm throughout his life and i kind of in a way always wondered when it would be my turn because you know as as friends go i observed how he was not so consistent with other people mm mm
125. have you? i know we need to sort that out i know did say oh you know come over but you know like to start with it ' s all you should do it it ' s all family and friends and i know but he ' s seven months old now well the first three weeks of july the last three weeks of term ' s got him oh i ' ll have to pop in one day
126. sort of age? yeah oh yeah? our sort of age like he said well i started out in at school but then my dad moved over to mm his mum ' s still there he said my family said to me why don ' t you move down? he said but i ' ve got everything i need mm he said i ' ve got a workshop i ' ve got an office down the bottom of
127. that you would think she ' d have that same sort of that same sort of like desire ' s the wrong word erm outlook sort of yeah on her whole life you know yes yeah towards her family life and and everything wouldn ' t you? and mm mm yet the do you have to go and turn it off when it ' s? yeah does it beep until you turn it off? it
129. ' t know about that but i said to are you going? she said no they ' re having a really really low key they ' re just doing oh a handful of family literally a handful of family oh really low key i said oh okay they must do they see each other fairly regular? and i don ' t know how regularly but it had come up because that particular day was coming over to visit
135. up at one i think mm that ' s what you said yeah is it okay to have lunch here before i go? yeah that ' s fine yeah mm cool how about tomorrow? are you seeing family or? more like no we haven ' t got anything planned at the moment just more out in the garden yeah well well we have quite a few different things on and you know as i say when it
140. so on the subject of funerals what are the plans for tomorrow? funeral is at half past one at robin hood and then at some social club in shirley afterwards mhm so and are all your family going to be there? such as it is now is and um are and going? no no no cos they ' re not connected with that side of the family how come? well that ' s
159. thinking about it you can ' t help it no there ' s something in the news the other day what ' s there? over christmas mm saying that there ' s some research had been done about family members visiting people with dementia and it ' s it ' s been proven that it is beneficial to the person although they don ' t know you to go? yeah oh yeah well it will cos it
170. no so you know? i think those are words which really occurred to me hmm i still think you should have employed a statistician mm you know the fact that it ' s presumably friends and family of employees? erm not only we we did also just advertise okay for people to so yeah but it ' s it kind of erm yeah some of it is friends and family of employees
171. and family of employees? erm not only we we did also just advertise okay for people to so yeah but it ' s it kind of erm yeah some of it is friends and family of employees some of it ' s erm you know just random as in their friends and family and again there ' s a boundary layer of both sort of intelligence or sort of literacy and wealth because not
172. people to so yeah but it ' s it kind of erm yeah some of it is friends and family of employees some of it ' s erm you know just random as in their friends and family and again there ' s a boundary layer of both sort of intelligence or sort of literacy and wealth because not only do you have to be literate but you need to be able to afford a recorder afford
179. that you ' re in a family makes you more normal maybe think so? normal i don ' t know if i agree might do cos everyone ' s in a family everyone ' s got a family i guess there ' s more there ' s more like more than one type of normal that you are in like yeah that ' s true stereotypes you know sort of standard standard types of people you know like
180. s all very different where ' s live then? he currently lives in i thought but he has a flat in i thought america yeah but he couldn ' t travel because of his heart yeah but his family he ' s he ' s half american oh his his aunt lives in in fact where lives yeah that ' s good yeah erm well it ' s in but you know yeah well his he left home
181. ##m when was it last february or no no like may june but he keeps on having panic attacks so what cos he ' s scared of flying? oh no no no it ' s like his family is like a complete mess have to have like a or something it can be triggered by anything so it just oh gosh it like just triggers itself is it? no it ' s how horrible what '
183. ' t have to do any of that because he gets it he understands yeah yeah yeah you know and we ' re trying to make a plan at the moment but he ' s always got a bloody family thing or a funeral or there ' s always always something you know? yeah but i like that yeah you know even though it is a little bit like a little bit yeah i really really like it because
184. even though it is a little bit like a little bit yeah i really really like it because it it is normal life that is normal life to prioritise your children yeah yeah prioritise your family have to get stuff done around the house yeah have to like go on holiday with your kids or whatever good yeah i ' m glad you ' re doing that stuff yeah that ' s what you ' re
185. elbow very painful and can you imagine wheelchair at the airport et cetera recovering gradually but will never dance again mm very sad for a trained ballet dancer bye for now and hope all is well with your family love and that ' s weird that he ' s signed it twice then? well i think he he obviously had more to say yeah you know just just carried on i i say business class perhaps if you
186. erm so yeah oh i don ' t know i don ' t know i might win on the premium bonds but i rather doubt it but i mean y you know he hasn ' t got any family here now you know? obviously his parents have di they died some time ago mm his his brother er died i think i think i ' m sure he said he died well quite a while ago in the
188. come down? and i would expect other people to be the same yeah but i suppose it ' s more polite to wait for an invitation but then in some instances when either either if it ' s family or if it ' s close friends well no but they they they ' re not gonna judge you if they want to see you no and then and they ' re very happy to to do that yeah i
195. they? if that i don ' t think this is our er restaurant is it to ask for the bill i don ' t know there was a guy who used to go to and erm his family m were m were missionaries and they moved like to romania or something to be missionaries and like did you ask for the bill? no no? oh i thought you ' d asked for it no you said
197. baby oh very yeah mm she ' s just so sweet mm mm last summer honestly this is a true story yeah no last christmas my friend came to stay yeah and mum said how how ' s your family? and she got really upset do you remember? and my friend started crying and leapt off the sofa and went and sat on her lap the minute she started crying oh i think she ' s got some
198. the pub but your brother is very much he doesn ' t think just to get or somebody to send a quick text or something to say we ' re five minutes away i would like to meet your family i would be so nice to meet your mum because she was talking about ' s dad that makes you laugh he is very funny he is very funny he falls asleep he ' ll be watching something on television
203. s speech i never we never have the telly on though never even put the telly on on christmas day no i think that may be a good thing actually uh too many you ' ve got family yeah i think it it it it ' s if you ' ve got a lot guests then you ' re unlikely probably to to um yeah but if you ' ve got a few and you ' re sort
204. ##s i was looking at villas in uh spain and uh yeah i know some of them like you can have for a cheap u resort you get a pool but you ' ve gotta share with like another family yeah so your whole holiday in that villa would be like sort of shared with the family so yeah if you got stuck in there and if if that family had been the same as the f as the family
208. ' s all relative so you ' d probably get paid a better wage but it is it is really far i think the boom ' s like come and gone there my cos my fa when my family moved out erm there it was really cheap like they bought houses for nothing and now they ' re like they ' ve gone massively up but the food is so expensive like mm like they can '
218. depending on what his course is gonna be so but he was talking about her coming here wasn ' t he? they ' re pretty tight then er if he ' s willing to introduce her to the family well then it ' s well i don ' t not saying he will i i i don ' t know oh just to? erm erm i had kind of put that idea in his head but
220. me? yeah of course erm and if he wants to go away she has to think about him what he wants rather than about me me me it it ' s all good i can show my family blah blah blah we can all integrate and fuse and push all of our families together we don ' t know that is going to be able to accommodate you no we don no no no no one no no
222. really wanted i think we told you yes you did we wanted to go to the netherlands yes or even scotland yes but cos we want we wanted to be close we wanted to be able to see family this year and have the money that we could you know every month come back home and do that kind of stuff yeah but it just wouldn ' t work they there ' s the myopic that you
223. have been alcohol i guess which is a drug erm but he didn ' t really look like an alcoholic i don ' t know he struck me as like the type of person who just had no family and they ' re very family oriented mm and i feel like if you have no family you ' re just on your own i don ' t know if you they don ' t really talk to people you
224. is a drug erm but he didn ' t really look like an alcoholic i don ' t know he struck me as like the type of person who just had no family and they ' re very family oriented mm and i feel like if you have no family you ' re just on your own i don ' t know if you they don ' t really talk to people you can ' t really have friends
225. look like an alcoholic i don ' t know he struck me as like the type of person who just had no family and they ' re very family oriented mm and i feel like if you have no family you ' re just on your own i don ' t know if you they don ' t really talk to people you can ' t really have friends with people that aren ' t your age either which is
226. age either which is very strange so the usually people ' s best friends are the same age as them and usually the same sex so if he if he just didn ' t know anyone just had no family i just i don ' t know
231. yeah no i understand that but no i wouldn ' t um rule out living in another country but i think when when you ' re in your thirties you start thinking a lot more in terms of your family and mm putting down roots and and if you can ' t do that and surviving basically being able yeah to support yourself and if if you can ' t do that that ' s when you start getting anxious
233. that in light of what happened last year with the earthquake? and the nuclear? it ' s a little bit about that um a little bit about the earthquake a little bit just about bringing up a family there mm um and being away from my family mm i want like i the thing that fills me with terror which is me getting way ahead of myself of course but i don ' t wanna have a child
234. the earthquake? and the nuclear? it ' s a little bit about that um a little bit about the earthquake a little bit just about bringing up a family there mm um and being away from my family mm i want like i the thing that fills me with terror which is me getting way ahead of myself of course but i don ' t wanna have a child and be away from my mum mm and not
235. mm and not only be away but be an ocean a thirteen - hour plane ride away exactly it is so far isn ' t it it ' s really far and i don ' t think that his family are gonna really be that involved in our lives mhm so i just i just want a support network as i get older yeah and as they get older i ' m worried about my parents too yep that
245. is when when it divides like when a marriage breaks and it divides you you pick up new roots with a new part of a family don ' t you? yeah yeah like you have with ' s family he has with what ' s her name? ' s family ' s family and i know he didn ' t move far but it makes a difference he ' s not in the same area at all so
247. pick up new roots with a new part of a family don ' t you? yeah yeah like you have with ' s family he has with what ' s her name? ' s family ' s family and i know he didn ' t move far but it makes a difference he ' s not in the same area at all so you ' re not really just going to bump into him i guess unless he
249. your children you cannot leave it yeah so no of course so the girls are frank with with but are they frank with? yeah oh god yeah they will tell her straight what are you doing to my family? bonked her one this bonked her one yeah yeah course she did when they last went round because he chucked out and he he was texting her how she ' d broken a very small
251. that i actually did go there because at the time wasn ' t exactly in my best book and i erm you still doing the anti? and i didn ' t didn ' t know who his family were or anything that was early days wasn ' t it? but all i had was this address that he ' d sent had you met them even? ah i don ' t think so i ' d
252. just oh no yeah rougher area oh god he wants to has he got an alarm on it or something? dad would love to not live there but will never move out of so is that her family home? no no no no they buil they bought it together oh they bought it together? yeah it ' s not cheap i don ' t know what it is obviously they have a massive mortgage on
253. being what? oh i thought they didn ' t get married? no especially with her being sick i don ' t think he how is she by the way? because she ' d think that the family thought that ' d be the only reason i don ' t want yeah them to think that he ' s you know gold digging so i don ' t think he wants to marry her for that reason had
255. ah maybe she described maybe i ' ve seen pictures of her and i think i ' ve memet her but i haven ' t you think you have yeah but i don ' t really know her family that well obviously her parents are erm i ' ve met them a few times at uni but that was years ago now was saying that you were the first person that met when when they dropped her
261. how to make a cup of tea? do you know how to use an atm machine? and i feel like turning around and telling them i ' m on the opposite side of the world without my family without my friends and you ' re asking me if i know how to use a cash machine yeah this is ridiculous they had no idea of really what we were doing or like because they don ' t they
262. yeah this is ridiculous they had no idea of really what we were doing or like because they don ' t they don ' t travel so they ' re very very they don ' t live without their family so they ' re very protective yeah and they stay in one spot rear the children make sure they ' ve got everything and then leave it all to them and go yeah but they ' re they really push
263. and but do you need them? perhaps that ' s what ' s thinking what says do you need them? if you it ' s not that needing though is it? it ' s about their family and i guess so yeah obligation it ' s erm i don ' t know really do you need your mum and dad? yeah i do there you go thank god you said that that ' s why
268. t have it ' s not a high security prison anymore it ' s a low security prison so the people in there aren ' t dangerous they have a greater chance of being rehabilitated but their family are not able to visit yeah yeah mm cos it ' s so far away they ' re almost no public transport you know the it ' s miles even from the nearest city plymouth er miles and miles
269. ? erm and th and then what are they going to do? they ' re going to go out and reoffend because you haven ' t given them much option unless they ' ve got family willing to take them in then what are they going to do? they ' re going to sleep rough they ' re going to get hungry they ' re going to commit a crime yeah yeah unless they '
270. them in then what are they going to do? they ' re going to sleep rough they ' re going to get hungry they ' re going to commit a crime yeah yeah unless they ' ve got family and friends yeah okay but this is a problem where you know people in prison don ' t always have that true they ' re and that ' s one of the reasons they ' ve gone into it not
271. shouldn ' t be released until it ' s clear where they ' re going to stay that night yeah the problem is that needs to happen and that needs to be if if they don ' t have family and friends who are able to say yes i ' m taking them then the government has to provide hostels for them it ' s the only way otherwise you might as well just say you know go out
272. people people can come and visit them while they ' re in prison they can write to people they can say tell them we we ' re saying that people you know these are the lucky ones who have family who are willing and able to visit or friends but as we just say the prisons are all over the shop or friends so they might but they might not be able to that ' s true if they '
276. ' s the story going around isn ' t it? er? that ' s what she said my friends keep winding me up saying he ' s got some thai bride he ' s with his other family i sai he hasn ' t got the flipping energy for that oh the state of him made me laugh but it was didn ' t just say oh he wouldn ' t have been there she went oh as
279. and then cos he was sick i was like er let ' s just boo de boo forget that just get on with life mm mhm i think that ' s it if you ' ve got family or friends who ' ve been in the forces it does sort of put the idea in your head like mm well that ' s a viable career option yeah i think if he hadn ' t i would never
280. d i dunno but it was literally the most random thing i ' ve ever done in my life what happened is we all got barracks and they ' d recruited a load of like local villagers and family members and everything to come along and pretend to be like distressed british nationals who ' ve just suffered this big trauma of an earthquake or a volcano or something they er all put on blood and they were wounded
287. she ' s gonna really ri does she know? she ' s really gonna rip the piss out of my sister my sister went to south africa and got married and didn ' t tell any of our family so my mum ' s just come into a lot of money and she ' s gonna real really she ' s saving her her money for my wedding was your mum upset that your sister had? oh yeah
288. babe you know and you know not have to worry about jobs and things like that or if we get a job or if you get a job before me then we ' ll send the kids to my family in south africa what? no you fucking won ' t send the kids to south africa? seriously that ' s what he said without their parents? if you get a job before me babe we ' ll
290. walked in but she must have asked for her job back like she must have done yeah they they ' ve all consciously chosen to stay there mm but i always get the idea she ' s got a family yeah needs consistent yeah yeah income yeah of course yeah but ' s not that bad no she ' s not actually ' s not i ' m so hard done - by no this is the worst thing in
294. cos of the work thing? cos i ' ll be working probably either new year ' s eve or new year ' s day right either one of those and then there ' s also a family party shit yeah i can miss that but i don ' t really want to i get you and if it ' s a family party cos it ' s it ' s quite rude like it ' s
295. s day right either one of those and then there ' s also a family party shit yeah i can miss that but i don ' t really want to i get you and if it ' s a family party cos it ' s it ' s quite rude like it ' s quite rude er? but new year ' s eve it ' s new year ' s eve oh okay and and yeah can '
297. lot of so there ' s only a couple of them that i i i hung out with outside of the rugby club erm and one of them left this year cos he had some fucked up family shit or something so and no one knows what happens to him really weird like he was rea he was really funny it was very similar to me the majority of the a team were complete arseholes
304. s the old ones who listen to radio four yeah it is yeah i like radio four and it ' s got the tms which is one of my favourite what do erm what does your like family listen to? are they radio two peeps? erm fm okay mm oh that ' s the c erm do you get that in? we have er gemini oh yeah which is now heart oh
307. ever been on one? a stag do? yyeah have you been on one? no i don ' t know anyone who ' s erm gotten married other than like my parents and family friends like that but never been invited to a stag do always been a bit too young mm no one ' s been married in the last three years so if i organise ' s i ' ll invite
310. ' t it? funerals are for the living they ' re not for the dead no er although having said that you don ' t know you don ' t know how long has she got much family? a sister is that it? as far as i ' m aware yeah some people don ' t have that but she didn ' t talk to her sister for a long time she certainly didn ' t
316. li on that yes dam and yes i couldn ' t cope with that that would be much too the weir er the weir yeah and it ' s a lovely looking house and i ' ve seen the family erm i don ' t think they live there but they come there and erm i ' ve always thought erm it must be really hard to sleep there cos it ' s quite a strong
317. of bouncing back each other mm info for info i can imagine that being a lawyer is a very stressful job so mm oh no it ' s nothing to do with her mental health it was her family oh but yeah do you wanna sit down and eat or are you alright? i was just stand i don ' t know i don ' t know i ' m just standing what are you watching? i
326. i tell you that i think i did tell you erm my friend his uncle who went moved to got a wife yeah this is funny and he brought his wife back to like introduced her to her family like she knew some english and stuff and then he went back to and like two years later he had to come back for like a funeral or something and he came back and his wife he said that it
333. ? cake shit again again cake shit again i ' ve gotta do some work tomorrow didn ' t do none today? i love making those clove oranges i always used to make them for my family as presents what? christmas presents? yeah that ' s pretty good yeah pretty excited i have salt caramel popcorn we could string up it ' s real tasty that sounds good do you wanna tie that
335. ? i think that you should tell the story this is a real christmas magic story tell me tell me tell me it ' s actually very lolz so basically like my father is teetotal my family are like grew up like don ' t drink alcohol erm it ' s er it ' s not like not a big deal we just never drank yeah anyway so he hihis career was he did market
336. a door it ' s got a door in front of it hasn ' t it? mm was deliberately annoying last night what was she doing? he was trying to make canapes cos they had family coming round or his family coming round did they? i thought they had erm and all that lot his his parents and his brother and his girlfriend why weren ' t we invited? i don ' t
337. got a door in front of it hasn ' t it? mm was deliberately annoying last night what was she doing? he was trying to make canapes cos they had family coming round or his family coming round did they? i thought they had erm and all that lot his his parents and his brother and his girlfriend why weren ' t we invited? i don ' t know no we were actually
341. it boxing day there? are they not ahead? christmas no they ' re five hours behind oh right mm mm yeah they ' ve gone to some erm family that they ' ve got out there family friends girl called does she like it or? mm family have gone out to see her mm they ' re coming home on the twenty - seventh or eighth i think she said see if i went to america
342. no they ' re five hours behind oh right mm mm yeah they ' ve gone to some erm family that they ' ve got out there family friends girl called does she like it or? mm family have gone out to see her mm they ' re coming home on the twenty - seventh or eighth i think she said see if i went to america you wouldn ' t come and see me would you?
348. she and she ' s and she ' s alright she ' s alright she she ' s nice mm but again i i don ' t know yeah she ' s got fam she ' s got family in has she? you know and if i ' m thinking about moving and all the other bits and pieces yeah what ' s in for you? mm nothing really is there? can ' t think about
361. but i really meant mm mm because i ' ve thought since i got here that the changes in the nhs and the statutory set - up of the nhs erm puts the patients ' carers and family that live in the part of the patch that we cover it leaves them vulnerable mm mm to a shift which means that gps and others might not want to refer to hospice in oh i see right but m
364. often do you see her? probably twice a week once a week do you? oh right she not she hasn ' t been to your house yet? still got a fa she ' s got a family to think about has she? well no she cos she lives on site doesn ' t she? oh of course yeah she ' s got nothing to sell then? nothing to sell she rent she lives
366. transformation like and right you ' ve messed this up yeah why don ' t you get a job? i know and it ' s like it ' s not that simple it ' s just like my family had no idea how how mentally ill the the entire thing had made me you know i just couldn ' t cope with any of it and it it just must have looked like such an excuse like yeah to
368. it since cos i don ' t give a shit really like it ' s just boring to me but i feel like i ' m gonna have to go to see this one cos mm my family will wanna go see it oh my god it ' ll be like a christmas cinema trip and no this weekend i think i ' m going with my mum to the cinema to see that maggie smith film lady
369. of spades stop looking at my cards i was looking at the dog he keeps licking his paw how do you feel about this game? do you feel confident?? do you play cards with your family? no have you ever played cards recently no are you thinking of introducing it to your family? could do yeah would they want to play? yeah what ' s your favourite element of cards? oh it
370. paw how do you feel about this game? do you feel confident?? do you play cards with your family? no have you ever played cards recently no are you thinking of introducing it to your family? could do yeah would they want to play? yeah what ' s your favourite element of cards? oh it ' s the luck the winning the winning? it ' s a bit tricky when you say
372. were we saw one of those bull fights i remember with grandma oh right so we didn ' t like that no i don ' t think i ' d like that no oh no yeah yet they the family loved it yes well it was a big thing isn ' t it? y oh yeah they er n they don ' t all love it in spain but in parts of spain it ' s hugely popular they
374. dogs so they ' re like drooling all over the food ah that ' s so funny like i thought nobody did that no i do that i do if my parents are there we have a family dinner yeah yeah we we eat our dinner on our knees in front of the tv do you? oh you ' re a tv family yeah but we do have some dinners on you on your table don '
377. i think it was the big questions or free speech it was one of those and it was about a erm gay man who ' s also a drag queen and erm he came out to his family mm mm? and it was just it was like the cutest thing i ' ve ever seen in my life it was so emotion his story just the way he explained it and his family accepted him and
378. to his family mm mm? and it was just it was like the cutest thing i ' ve ever seen in my life it was so emotion his story just the way he explained it and his family accepted him and they even go to his shows like it was just so cute oh was he asian or white? yeah there are so many yeah he ' s pakistani oh i think i ' ve heard of
381. what i ' ll do that ' s probably what you will i ' ll get a matching bra with a b little ship on it yep done sounds fine and i ' m not sure my if my family go they ' re gonna appreciate it but they ' re gonna love it gonna freaking love it they ' re gonna love that i think i might have to i feel have to ask this i was thinking as
390. s sat sat down with his ipad i just thought i was like every family has an ipad? no they don ' t does your family have an ipad? no yeah thank you we do does your family have an ipad? you mate you absolutely got shut down no ipad why do you have an ipad? everyone ' s got an ipad that ' s what i asked but it turned out everyone ' s got
393. for me to be able to do it mm mm mm you know had this happened twenty years ago in time clocks back yeah then twenty - five would be a suitable age to be expected to have a family home and be financially well off mm mm and i just feel so bad that i can ' t help him but there ' s the thing you would never expect it do you know what i mean like?
394. with kids and stuff but like they ' ve said like literally every single person has to come in at one point on christmas day but what the fuck are y? are you not spending it with your family then? i really love christmas day like well what they do is like they g th it ' ll only be like a three or four hour shift so they do everybody with little shifts instead of like two
396. but they were like so like there were my flat there were there were a sri lankan girl and she were alright she were a nice girl but she were always on the fucking phone to like every single family member she had every single night oh my god so like she ' d be talk it would i wouldn ' t ' ve mind if if she were talking in english but because she were talking in a foreign
401. party or something well that was her excuse is she emigrating with work? erm no she doesn ' t work i don ' t know how she ' s emigrating i really don ' t family? i think she ' s got a girlfriend out there or something i don ' t okay no i don ' t really know but but i think she tried to emigrate there once before but then got
403. all that sort of like you know all that stuff that mums are supposed to say mm but i mean actions speak louder than words as well mm yeah and um you know with you know with your family you do get a lot of support from your family even if there there ' s not like the vocal yeah follow up there yeah yeah yeah so yeah i think you know this is sort of the way it
404. that mums are supposed to say mm but i mean actions speak louder than words as well mm yeah and um you know with you know with your family you do get a lot of support from your family even if there there ' s not like the vocal yeah follow up there yeah yeah yeah so yeah i think you know this is sort of the way it is now mm um keeps texting me huh?
416. to their homes wow erm for sunday lunches yeah ti i had time off you know when i we had the we had days off together we i ' d go stay at their homes with their family oh that ' s great to hear so yeah it was yeah erm so they welcomed you? oh yes and then and they helped you to settle in yeah yeah and find your life absolutely yeah there yeah
425. to this matron she was very tuned in to the health and wellbeing of her her er well her staff really yeah mm very good yeah and whilst she appreciated the family connection and keeping the family connection and stuff like that she felt that when you took all your holiday in one chunk like that then you had the whole rest of the year where you had no breaks it ' s true mm mm and
426. j woke up one day and realised it was twenty - eight years wow and i thought oh my god yes they have to but what was it like going back after twenty - eight years to see your family members and? well when i told people i was going and i hadn ' t seen my family or they hadn ' t seen me for this length of time people said to me will they recognise you?
427. god yes they have to but what was it like going back after twenty - eight years to see your family members and? well when i told people i was going and i hadn ' t seen my family or they hadn ' t seen me for this length of time people said to me will they recognise you? yeah mm so i said mm so we got out the photos and so when we arrive this this
428. make everybody who ' s arriving fill it in because the other half of it is the customs form yeah yeah yes i forgot that and of course people go to the uk and spend three months with their family over there and then bring back sh the whole of the uk oh oh yes yeah half of yeah england yeah mm yeah anyway which on a monarch flight is quite interesting yeah i bet you you see very quick
429. first this this visit we went erm how long did i go for? i think we went i went for three weeks but only stayed for one because she was working and of course lots of my family extended family erm those of them who are still alive er after my sister left oh no that was from the the visit of twenty - eight years before they because i went for six weeks then right and
430. this visit we went erm how long did i go for? i think we went i went for three weeks but only stayed for one because she was working and of course lots of my family extended family erm those of them who are still alive er after my sister left oh no that was from the the visit of twenty - eight years before they because i went for six weeks then right and i didn
431. she was she had the she said and this time i am not doing it she says er jus don ' t bother to come don ' t bo did you just get to? yeah from her family you know oh my god yes anyway so er w er then get the address from my sister didn ' t even know the address she just sort of made up erm something about the location yeah rather than
434. together they they did what i kind of need they married yeah she her name was on the bank account her name was on the mortgage mm the school was down the road mm that ' s right the family were around yeah yeah all those kinds of things and i suddenly have got i ' m not near the schools with er i ' m not near where i ' d like you know mm i because i don
435. suddenly have got i ' m not near the schools with er i ' m not near where i ' d like you know mm i because i don ' t drive in england you ' re near your family not near my family i ' m not you know i ' m i ' m in the the house that i ' ve only just started to claw back some uhu b sense of belonging to anyway yeah
436. ' m not near the schools with er i ' m not near where i ' d like you know mm i because i don ' t drive in england you ' re near your family not near my family i ' m not you know i ' m i ' m in the the house that i ' ve only just started to claw back some uhu b sense of belonging to anyway yeah yeah because you know
437. then he w then he moved back he moved back with and basically they had no friends and he just worked for for fifteen years that ' s all he did mm no no other mm friends just the family nothing el they didn ' t do anything mm they went for their mm own holidays they worked in mm the same job and yeah but so i don ' t it ' s it ' s tricky as well
438. saving some money oh that ' s good it ' s probably her pension yes and she ' s got that house to go back to and does she know people there? not really she ' s got family there oh an elderly mother oh which she ' s not close to no but she ' s very friendly she ' ll make friends yes where are her children then? erm i think one ' s in
439. had she said i couldn ' t cos we moved yes but she said the modern wives it ' s very different oh right a lot of them don ' t move around they s live with their family yes and husband and they can but that ' s good but it can also break up the marriage can ' t it? yes depends yes that ' s right cos pilots ' wives have always had to
440. issue and erm yeah yeah you know cos i i was thinking back to when we got our kids christened er it was a small gathering small gathering of people i mean it was mainly your family going though and auntie and co didn ' t we? with all of that lot but apart from that it was just erm er from my side because mum and dad never had any of their family
441. going though and auntie and co didn ' t we? with all of that lot but apart from that it was just erm er from my side because mum and dad never had any of their family there no no no it was just from our side and who was godparents with erm and er was obviously the godp parents to so was and it was just so you know the it was
445. the er what ' s the other what ' s the twins? well he wouldn ' t be much of a problem because it ' d be him on his own cos he doesn ' t his family don ' t get on with anybody else so oh right okay so if they invited him i ' m not i haven ' t really asked about that but said no proprobably not it ' ll
446. so and so? where ' s where er where er are they coming or er not coming? no they weren ' t invited no refer em to me i have no issue mm mm with telling your family where they stand mm anyway there you go fine oh so when ' s that happ in summer then? no well no i reckon she she should do it in march april at the latest cos he
453. of like my job ' s you know the job ' s alright people are alright if i you know i ' ll always have to go back see like mum and dad at times yeah and friends and family cos i remember when i was living in i was home every three or four weeks just cos stuff ' s always going on mm social like oh it ' s just yeah the balance is just not
454. with people and i er i don ' t really like new year ' s that much i love new year ' s there ' s i think there was a time that i went out with all my family and all my cousins my age well our a and kind of a few years ago i had a really good time but since then i just my i ' d rather stay at home mm just haven ' t
457. and i was like oh that ' s g yeah okay so i went to see her uhu for a week and that was really nice cos like uhu you know living with like a turkish family and stuff oh yeah so it was really nice it wasn ' t just like a tourist but a chilled yeah just like a chilled out yeah that ' s quite nice and in f you sometimes need that and
459. yeah i know he said he said you ' re not being s i said yeah he said for y all these years you ' ve made me produce christmas dinner at one o ' clock to suit your family yeah yeah yeah no you haven ' t told him the reason the well the main reason is cos i didn ' t get chance he was too outraged mum ' s not mum ' s not there i
460. of course yeah he couldn ' t get he couldn ' t get past it he said i cannot believe it all these years i ' ve had to have christmas lunch on the table at one for your family and on the table for one o ' clock yeah yeah now you ' re telling me your sister ' s gonna do it at half past two? i said yeah and maybe even three and of course was
468. spending half her time in her bedroom everything they did was wrong erm was just spent the whole time upstairs trying to calm her down and dad was and he was sort of torn between the two his family and his wife you know his family upstairs and and was there and at one point she ' d packed her bags and ' s bags and went and sat out on the porch i ' m going just sat
469. everything they did was wrong erm was just spent the whole time upstairs trying to calm her down and dad was and he was sort of torn between the two his family and his wife you know his family upstairs and and was there and at one point she ' d packed her bags and ' s bags and went and sat out on the porch i ' m going just sat on the porch with her suitcase and
470. houses oh and they were talking about the mix and what goes on there and stuff the woman was er from kent she ' d married her husband was the one that had been a traveller but or his family used to be or something no cos ' s married into the yeah into that community i thought you were for some reason i looked up do you remember? oh yeah her sister ' s recently got married
474. would be awful looking houses well you can imagine these place get a bit boring after mm after four weeks yeah yeah well they must do unless you ' ve got to go out fishing and to feed your family well that ' s right yeah now do you know i i ' d fan i ' d fancy that if i liked water if you liked water you wouldn ' t mind being a fisherman? no absolutely yeah
484. biased perspective of the situation no i i i mean i started by saying it does remind us of the truth of what ' s in the people just to meet and remember that his grandparents lost their whole family not only that yeah erm because it makes it real again you know that this is the the reality for israel mm and since then how many people have lost their sons and brothers and fathers in various wars
486. to kind of see beyond the all those feelings yeah yeah you know they still feel very powerless really to but they don ' t feel like they have to defend their actions even like for instance and his family who are as left as it gets basically and have always supported the party and leaders who are dedicated to find a peaceful solution erm they still don ' t they ' re not apologetic about how israel responds
492. were in the were erm survivors of the holocaust you know and it ' s an enormous thing to carry holocaust yeah yeah it is and they came over they escaped that horrific situation and most of their family was dead and they came to israel to start a new life this was two generations ago mm mm very close isn ' t it? so and that was a war that was waged against jewish people jewish
495. average family might really? mm not might would have oh would they? yeah i mean it ' s not really the done thing mm but you know they for them that ' s completely you know their family have travelled a lot and what have you and well they objected to me for being a non - catholic exactly you had to convert i had to do lessons yeah no you have to have lessons i mean if
503. to leave they were the very last to leave oh right they they were yeah erm but they erm i know they ' re very social aren ' t they? mm very very social and very family minded mm very mm yeah very family erm minded but they erm we must try and see them before they leave actually but erm a long time but when are they going? erm it '
504. to leave oh right they they were yeah erm but they erm i know they ' re very social aren ' t they? mm very very social and very family minded mm very mm yeah very family erm minded but they erm we must try and see them before they leave actually but erm a long time but when are they going? erm it ' s yeah in october actually i '
518. christmas day oh really? yeah who wants to do that on christmas day? i know that ' s a bit harsh isn ' t it? i mean i suppose if you haven ' t got any family but most people have some family haven ' t they? yeah yeah even if it ' s just spending it with their er like adult family it ' s still christmas it ' s a shame cos we
519. who wants to do that on christmas day? i know that ' s a bit harsh isn ' t it? i mean i suppose if you haven ' t got any family but most people have some family haven ' t they? yeah yeah even if it ' s just spending it with their er like adult family it ' s still christmas it ' s a shame cos we don ' t have many festivities
521. never had any friends or anything no no ah so she had a hard time really growing up yeah i guess she ' s never had too many strong attachments to england then? no probably not more family and friends in italy and then she started in her hair apprentiship at a hairdressers at it was just the lady that owned it and her oh cos it was only a small
525. for the teacher training mm so and then after that he obviously met erm and then but it it wasn ' t a case of you were likely to bump into him on the street with his new family yeah that ' s what i mean yeah no no no no cos we were cos they would say who ' s this then? no well i wasn ' t seeing him then anyway it was oh
526. you were doing languages at school? no i didn ' t do it then no no i went to germany twice so you you s have a pen friend mm they come and stay with you and your family yeah and you go and stay with them in mm in their family and it makes you realise that actually what you ' re taught in school you ' re er you ' re ac you ' re taught very
536. know that okay so hard - core engineer mm turned himself into a plumber yeah? yeah okay career shift he did it yeah yeah he he managed it okay mm did it just in time for his family good idea yeah and his wife mm they tried to give it a go with the juice bar thing that ' s tough yeah it ' s hard they gave they and that obviously worked out they didn ' t
537. the coin some of the imperatives aren ' t there on the context of erm if you have to if you have to graft and you have to earn money and you ' ve got a family to er to to care for then the prerogative is bringing in money day in day out that ' s just it you know? so erm but you brought in money day in day out for
538. ' s just it you know? so erm but you brought in money day in day out for the majority of your life as working as a civil engineer in england you didn ' t have a family to think of you did it anyway yeah yeah that no that ' s that ' s that ' s right erm and now when we ' re thinking about having a family in actual fact the money is
539. didn ' t have a family to think of you did it anyway yeah yeah that no that ' s that ' s that ' s right erm and now when we ' re thinking about having a family in actual fact the money is is not really what you ' re chasing so i ask you the question why generic okay general question why do you think a man this is where i think i need to understand
541. he ' s probably thinking longer term that he can ' t be out doing hefty assignments all of the time and his message kind of sounds like he doesn ' t like being away from his family but he ' s doing it mm so he has to balance that whether they ' re here now with him or not i don ' t know but well i don ' t think he was cos he
542. job that you enjoy than one that you that pays a lot of money but what do you think is a necessary salary nowadays to be able to say what you know to be able to provide for a family? to run a car? to pay a mortgage? to have a holiday once a year? er lot depends on where you ' re living and how much you can get your basic accommodation for and whether
543. have a holiday once a year? er lot depends on where you ' re living and how much you can get your basic accommodation for and whether you ' re doing it as an individual or as a family hmm erm if it was a family i would say you probably need a joint income of thirty thousand to be able to have some form of house car holiday and as a single person to be able to
545. wouldn ' t feel that unless my leg was free that ' s horrible so i won ' t be doing anything i ' ll b maybe have a glass of it ' s gonna be boring all the family are coming she thinks we ' re all putting it on can you probably have a glass of cava by myself in front of the tv i don ' t think so no why don ' t you like
547. the westbury baptist church and they said their children are not allowed to fornicate they won ' t fornicate when when they are of the right age if they would like to have a family or they would like to procreate so the church can carry on we will select we will select a husband and do they they have to get married first don ' t they? they select one?
568. might support ten people cos it ' ll go a lot further of course the same salary yes yeah goes further yes we we we learnt from this lady who s always sends her money back to her family yes yeah yes they were threatening in oman to start taxing remittances and oh were they? because that would be a huge source of income for the government oh yeah and you ' d only
572. lives so er you feel bad don ' t you? identify with people so when people put it this way i ' ve never i ' ve never ever been er well off so my fam my family have always had like a holiday every couple of years and stuff like that mm and some of my mates have never been abroad and i can ' t identify with that cos i wanna say i i '
573. me too and i used to lie a lot like i u i used to be a compulsive liar so like because i always wanted what i didn ' t have so i wanted a rich family i wanted experiences yeah i wanted people to think that i was this person that i wasn ' t like i used to make up lies like oh yeah my parents took me to disneyland and my parents are well
574. were like why can ' t i have them? yeah why can ' t i always have stuff like that? yeah and then you realise as you get older it don ' t matter mate like your family were there for you when you when you needed them exactly and all the rich kids that i know now are all just live off their mum and dads they don ' t have paid jobs they don '
575. of er buying a place up here though if? yeah i think we ' ll still buy somewhere here so we ' ll still we ' re always gonna have a base cos we ' ve got family here so yeah we ' ll definitely still buy something up this way and um yeah you know spend a bit of time in london i think it ' d be nice to work in london it would be ar
588. ' t think they ' ll be getting lots of members erm any time soon what? okay this is it sounds like fortean times shit that it ' s er would read yeah pregnant teenagers ' family bashed open a concrete tomb when her husband heard her screaming the day after she was buried what the fuck? relatives of neysi perez from honduras hammered at the concrete coffin in a desperate bid oh
589. heard her screaming the day after she was buried what the fuck? relatives of neysi perez from honduras hammered at the concrete coffin in a desperate bid oh fucking hell that ' s really weird her family took her to hospital but medics tragically found no signs that she was alive right but the sixteen year old ' s cask had been smashed and her fingertips showed bruising from her attempt to escape
591. ##m the food where there isn ' t a an english translation we would call it the the maltese term yeah yeah erm but so many people were w you know family and because everybody ' s your family everybody ' s related cos the island ' s so tiny mm and they ' d they ' d say did your mum not teach you maltese? and it ' d be almost quite sort of shock horror
592. to mm us when we ' re visiting they ' re just s er it it just makes you stop and we ' ve got that with some friends of ours he ' s english er from jamaica his family are she ' s finnish and they live in switzerland oh okay okay so er they ' ve got a daughter as well who ' s about ten now but he he speaks german erm and so the the
600. you know everything was good at the yeah at the home? but at at the home and they yeah were very accommodating yeah and how big a party was it? i mean how many family members were there? er was there and er i guess that ' s you know four out of six so four offspring yeah yeah and the grandchild oh yeah i think was there yeah yeah and er and
605. s a job like any job mm erm and sometimes you know you ' re sat in your room watching iplayer wondering if it ' s all worth it when you ' re so far from your family mm erm but the the positives well outweighed the negatives in yeah this sort of job erm if you ' re that kind of person erm so it ' s an it '
609. juniors looks over if the only way you can win is to like ply the coach with massive quantities of alcohol am i done? yes thank you oh where are you going? we ' re having family time i ' ve had family time we ' re having family time sit down i don ' t think you wanna spend family time with us come on of course i do dad are you gonna shut the dish
610. way you can win is to like ply the coach with massive quantities of alcohol am i done? yes thank you oh where are you going? we ' re having family time i ' ve had family time we ' re having family time sit down i don ' t think you wanna spend family time with us come on of course i do dad are you gonna shut the dishwasher? i ' m
611. like ply the coach with massive quantities of alcohol am i done? yes thank you oh where are you going? we ' re having family time i ' ve had family time we ' re having family time sit down i don ' t think you wanna spend family time with us come on of course i do dad are you gonna shut the dishwasher? i ' m not washing up though cos
612. done? yes thank you oh where are you going? we ' re having family time i ' ve had family time we ' re having family time sit down i don ' t think you wanna spend family time with us come on of course i do dad are you gonna shut the dishwasher? i ' m not washing up though cos i did all of it yesterday no hey i imagine that the
619. ' ve missed anything apart from that good apart from a man died doing the great north run really? yeah of natural causes fifty - eight years old oh that ' s sad i know were all his family were there as well? yeah that ' s really sad and he was apparently he ' d run it loads of times before was it his heart? i should think it was a heart attack or something yeah
623. lived apart from when i ' ve i mean i was married and lived in germany when the girls mm were each born out there yeah we came back to each time as well oh right so all my family are here mm not saying that i wouldn ' t move and we actually did say a couple of years ago when the children had finished school which they both have now ' s at college but yeah not at
624. gone but you might get in on on late admissions mm but also it depdepends on er where you live and i said well at the moment i ' m staying with sister and her family up at erm in but i i haven ' t got any accommodation of my own said well they take into consideration erm your application according to where you live and that ' s the prob that
626. a school essentially well you ' ve got an address you ' ve got our address because i yeah but i have got any of those documents no you haven ' t but if you ' re staying with family you don ' t need a oh ri oh really? a a thingabob okay so you know we we don ' t have a a or or er most people don ' t have a tenancy
630. all in the locality a good school for so but you ought to ask your questions you know about is this guy gonna look after? is he do you think he ' s gonna has he got a family already? you know so many questions you know you know you ' re thinking about your future with him so that ' s really good i hope he ' s going has he got already got a family?
631. family already? you know so many questions you know you know you ' re thinking about your future with him so that ' s really good i hope he ' s going has he got already got a family? is he going to be a good father? you know is he going to look after as well? i would be asking all those questions and she needs to ask herself them she ' s probably not
632. a reminder to her that they ' re you know right now it seemed like a good idea to her but what is the reality? and she may not wanna tell you if he ' s got a family or not mm what his financial situation but if you ask her she doesn ' t have to answer but she ' ll be thinking well it ' s really bad i can ' t tell him or it '
633. know i ' ve got i ' m gonna rent a flat if that is a problem i would have to bring her up here where she would have free school free medical fresh air and quite a large family of i ' d like to here the er erm accent it more on the that i want her rather than the money well personally if he ' s not gonna pay for it then i the i will
638. most of the like adults i was like the same height as all the adults nobody in japan is tall so i felt really tall and when i come back to england i ' m like yeah literally my family my family makes me feel so tall and then when i get back to school i ' m not even that tall yeah like i ' m like at school like woah like you stand up and then everyone
639. the like adults i was like the same height as all the adults nobody in japan is tall so i felt really tall and when i come back to england i ' m like yeah literally my family my family makes me feel so tall and then when i get back to school i ' m not even that tall yeah like i ' m like at school like woah like you stand up and then everyone ' s
642. ' t they you know when do you ever hear anyone on their deathbed saying they wish they ' d spent more time at work they always say they wish they ' d spent more time with their family on their deathbed i guess so being eaten alive here i think she ' s on her way takes a long time to get d nearer the equator it goes like that like turning the light out inside ten
643. there it ' s a refuel oh so they don ' t they don ' t land or they don ' t disembar you can ' t get off yeah you well my friends my family did it and they said at one time they got off and walked around a room and then got back on the plane again oh so hopefully we ' ll be able to get off and wander round and then
644. t be flying backwards okay i get it ah right okay where are you going sorry? so we ' re going to which is here and that ' s where that ' s where erm ' s family live and is this wwhere were you when you? we we ' re in when we l when i lived there? yeah yeah i was in but is that where you were working? is
648. lips the bugger can he get down here if you do this when ' s he would be he just wouldn ' t be able to understand it she or would that ' s a oh oh a family ' s coming this is our house the family are coming oh this is our house this smoky ' s house this is smoky ' s table smoky does what he wants at least he ' s not got his
649. if you do this when ' s he would be he just wouldn ' t be able to understand it she or would that ' s a oh oh a family ' s coming this is our house the family are coming oh this is our house this smoky ' s house this is smoky ' s table smoky does what he wants at least he ' s not got his bum on the table it ' s off the
650. mm right son you ' d put up with it oh dear i ' d have put up for him so yeah it ' s gonna be could be pretty er interesting to have two dogs and all the family mm and the dogs a busy household that ' ll be it ' ll be well about ten of us for dinner on s the saturday and nine of us will be sleeping here that night oh yeah grandpa will
651. what? wi they ' ve never stayed er no i find really? i can ' t oh no they ' ve stayed but not at christmas no i mean chri christmas was always erm one family stayed at over there no er er because er obviously trying to balance things up between families at christmas and everything for years we spent what ' s you just ate those in the weirdest way yes we we
652. old no but no no no no there ' s a lemon oh that ' s really old how is erm now? god knows i have idea she doesn ' t really talk to me or the family yeah so i have no idea well it wasn ' t erm yeah i know she gave your mum a little bit of gyp erm yeah i was tempted to drop her an email the other day
655. i mean i was gonna be i was trying to be nice about it and say to her of course you ' d be nice about it obviously i understand all of the complications that you have with my family yeah and your family but but it ' s upsetting my mum if it if it ' s not difficult for you if it ' s not too hard is there any way that they could at least maybe
656. gonna be i was trying to be nice about it and say to her of course you ' d be nice about it obviously i understand all of the complications that you have with my family yeah and your family but but it ' s upsetting my mum if it if it ' s not difficult for you if it ' s not too hard is there any way that they could at least maybe not immediately but over
658. on the website the only one that she could ' ve filed for was him being an alcoholic and i remember at the time my dad crying and telling me she ' s lying she ' s telling the family i ' m an alcoholic and i didn ' t understand it at the time yeah and it ' s only clicked with me now and erm since then my dad hasn ' t really touched alcohol i guess
659. ##you ' re living with an alcoholic that ' s ridiculous you know i don ' t suppose you heard about it but i just remember my dad i in tears saying no that she ' s telling the family i ' m an alcoholic i remember i remember something that was brought up with with alcohol but it was it was very whatever i heard which is snippets mm it was very much erm i
665. just need to do it erm i ' ve had to make sacrifices though it ' s made things harder mm? friends i have different relationships like what? with friends back home now and with yeah family and just starting to feel distant from people and yeah just you know there ' s sacrifices from living abroad it ' s har it ' s things that i miss things that i ' m not here for
666. but i ' ve never visited you once you probably wouldn ' t i mean that ' s fine but i understand he ' s a he ' s a friend it ' s a bit different friends and family like i don ' t know i don ' t have that same opinion with family i don ' t expect it okay with friends to a certain degree okay we should be of the same kinda mind and the
667. ' s fine but i understand he ' s a he ' s a friend it ' s a bit different friends and family like i don ' t know i don ' t have that same opinion with family i don ' t expect it okay with friends to a certain degree okay we should be of the same kinda mind and the same ilk and like okay he ' s travelled with me before we travelled together
668. to see friendships as plate spinning a little bit to put it black and white but like well i haven ' t spoken to this friend need to kinda spin that a bit haven ' t spoken to this family member i need to do that doesn ' t feel like that when you ' re in england people can live only ten mi yeah i mean you only live round the corner from mum but she says she hasn
669. if you need to yeah but when you ' re abroad you don ' t you don ' t have that option and i can ' t just finds it tougher than i do not being around her family and now er her dad ' s getting old and like she kind of does she? is that? is she er was her parents quite old when they had her then? yeah i mean she ' s
670. i not do it on that one? no just do it on that one option number one was oh wrong one woah option number one was do a master ' s and come back to england see family see friends yeah do all that kind of stuff option number two which is what i wanted to do more which was pop home for a month or two go to south africa and do another teaching qualification that lasts
671. or? well we ' ll have to have witnesses we ' ll have to have witnesses so yeah i can ' t for the life of me i can ' t think about getting my mum ' s family and my dad ' s family together cos that just seems horrible yeah no yeah and i don ' t really wanna really? oh that doesn ' t sound nice? really no stress stress what we had
672. have to have witnesses we ' ll have to have witnesses so yeah i can ' t for the life of me i can ' t think about getting my mum ' s family and my dad ' s family together cos that just seems horrible yeah no yeah and i don ' t really wanna really? oh that doesn ' t sound nice? really no stress stress what we had at ours yeah it was like
673. need to invite her siblings and then she ' s yeah got three siblings and they ' ve got children you know and everyone ' s getting older and everyone ' s having children so one person equals a family of four or six and it ' s just like yeah yeah it ' s it ' s a lot of people is alright without his invite? well was there when i proposed oh lovely so that ' s
674. time like how do you find it coming back home? seeing mum seeing dad like how do you how do you feel? erm it can be a bit stressful erm i love seeing the family and friends i think what mm i ' ve tried to get mum to understand when i ' m home is that it ' s not just i haven ' t seen everyone for ages it ' s the fact
675. m not in control of what i eat i ' m not in control of when i do things yeah it ' s just all that additional stress of yeah now i ' m moving back in yeah with family for a month or for a couple of weeks that makes me more stressed and also i ' m usually going from one thing to another yeah so i ' m stressed out about travelling for the next year i
685. can ' t remember she ' s only come here once how does she find it being back? yeah a bit stressful obviously yeah as i said just like being away from each other and living with family we ' re used to having our own freedom so you must god yeah you must feel a bit i mean can you imagine if you had to? what ' s it like at dinner? i bet it
689. the same? would l would like more yeah he would i think he feels like two ' s a cop out it ' s lovely but he feels like three or four is family he needs a big family and i ' m like and i ' m actually come down to it but financially it ' s nice we can go on nice holidays mm we can do all our you know going out and doing stuff with
691. i ' ve got my niece and she ' s yeah adorable but i ' m gutted for my brother that you know he ' s now watching money and pennies and having to provide for a family at a young age when yeah he ' s not really experienced before he had a a life himself i don ' t know a lads ' holiday or yeah saving for a mortgage or getting himself just something yeah
692. oh good well what i ' ll do is i ' ll try and do a get together at mine or something i think it ' s that ' d be great meant to be with his no his family christmas day the whole rotation thing yeah of doing whatever obviously i ' ll be here christmas day but then yeah but well even if we do something a couple of days after even boxing d because i don '
693. quite traditional but i ' m not going down that road no no i don ' t blame you you know? erm i barely know ' s parents well i guess yeah through i barely know her family she ' s only been up once and i ' ve only been to hers once can you believe that ten years we ' ve been together and god we barely know each other ' s family at all yeah
694. know her family she ' s only been up once and i ' ve only been to hers once can you believe that ten years we ' ve been together and god we barely know each other ' s family at all yeah obviously i ' ve heard a lot about them and they ' ve heard a lot about me and but through much what they yeah but for everything that you ' ve done together they obviously know
696. and it was almost an unspoken rule that while you ' re drinking tea and eating scones before a meeting you don ' t talk about the meeting yeah only everything else you talk about yeah everything about family or friendships or what you did at the weekend yeah and then the meeting will start about eleven so for a ten o ' clock meeting don ' t expect to do anything before eleven but it ' s quite
700. why? yeah like i ' ve got like shit loads of messages and erm like just all sorts of like threats and voicemails like where you can actually be into like threatening to kill my family really? oh yeah so that stuff that you need on like yeah so that ' s why i wouldn ' t wanna keep that phone like to use just because if it did get taken then like although i
701. s kept it because its got psycho ' s stuff on it? yeah she she said that erm she reckons that they evidence kitchen what stuff? you know like when she was like threatening her family and stuff who was? psycho was she? mm fucked up stuff lost her five s and then got a six did she lose her phone before or break one and got a five s on the insurance?
703. the end ' s the best because it ' s different right that was the quickest anyone ' s spoken i know i don ' t know i ' ve not got to the end cos my family everybody everybody else the passion everybody else can take part in we got that from the scream of victory earlier on yes we ' re not last oh yeah yeah i remember that i remember that yeah it ' s
704. a gay alien roger is a gay alien is a gay alien called roger we have random it must be on oh that ' s so fantastic i ' m gonna split it into two meanings it ' s family guy oh it ' s family guy oh ah it ' s saturday night it ' s family guy all night ah i ' m gonna split it into two meanings the first meaning erm is when you er
705. gay alien is a gay alien called roger we have random it must be on oh that ' s so fantastic i ' m gonna split it into two meanings it ' s family guy oh it ' s family guy oh ah it ' s saturday night it ' s family guy all night ah i ' m gonna split it into two meanings the first meaning erm is when you erm you know when you like
706. must be on oh that ' s so fantastic i ' m gonna split it into two meanings it ' s family guy oh it ' s family guy oh ah it ' s saturday night it ' s family guy all night ah i ' m gonna split it into two meanings the first meaning erm is when you erm you know when you like in the all of the cartoons when they get a light bulb
717. in the urban areas mm so i was there for a few years and then em w i went to university down there in east london as well cos it was local eh like i could contact me family that was nice mm and then a few years later i met this girl who was in from and i moved up here mm and i ' ve been in since about ooh nineteen ninety - five was when
718. i ' ve lived here all this time ever since what? thirty - eight years ever since i ' ve been married and moved over here mm but and i kinda lost touch with a lot of my family other than my mum and my sister in but my mum ' s family em they em her sister em lived in em a pit village a pit village? em and it was called it was called what is
719. eight years ever since i ' ve been married and moved over here mm but and i kinda lost touch with a lot of my family other than my mum and my sister in but my mum ' s family em they em her sister em lived in em a pit village a pit village? em and it was called it was called what is that you know? like like you mean like in a colliery near it
725. but what er what i did then is i posted on there saying and i couldn ' t say her name cos everyone would know oh right i said er someone from er er his family ' s family er asked us to stop posting on there and they ' ll be making an announcement soon and didn ' t wanna upset them cos they ' d have all left yeah mm and they ' d all left
736. you know? you know i think in a way mm he would he would love to calm down a bit yeah yeah i think partly he ' s wanting to feel like he ' s gotta give his family all of them mm everything but mm erm but ye but also just erm yeah i don ' t know she ' s she ' s not slowing down at all it ' s like it was the
738. never watched peppa pig before have you? no they don ' t have it in asia mm oh right what happens? it ' s just a pig that talks is everyone a pig? with her family yeah oh is it a girl? that ' s the main one pe oh can you imagine how pissed off like the show got show got seen because er daddy pig didn ' t have a er a er
740. m honest i know that ' s not like a good reason but i just no that ' s a perfectly good reason i don ' t feel confortable i don ' t really like er my family members that live there anyway oh i see er i don ' t think they like me either erm i don ' t think they like my brother and they don ' t like my mum oh erm
742. ' s my dad not all of them only some of them oh right yeah yeah i like some i like my cousins i love my cousins erm ah do you ever have one big reunion with your family where it ' s like grandma ' s birthday or something? mm no birthdays are not that celebrated in kenya oh really especially in those parts maybe in nairobi but those parts are not that important to people
748. boats and who was here until nineteen forty - four right and er my father who was a very very sane sensible nice man erm she had married really because she was a wild child and all her family thought it would be that he was a very good man and yes he would calm her down and quieten her oh yes mm mm so she did it to keep everybody else quiet mm but it wasn '
752. head and how it must look to other people like how my tumblr must look to my friends and how and my sister and how it looks when i like give like one answer replies to my family just don ' t say anything and mm and i just feel really bad about it don ' t feel bad about it because like they don ' t feel well you ' re allowed to feel bad about it
753. re unhappy oh my god s ten scientifically pro this is scientifically proven oh wow okay cos science is obviously you know? seven minutes exercise could be enough okay sleep more mm spend time with family yeah okay get outsi oh here we go get outside more a hundred hours a year is a magic number what? what going outside? no helping people what? they said you should help people a hundred
754. but we have to see that would affect what? my application for a business permit it shouldn ' t? well that ' s what she thinks right well maybe it ' ll helfhelp having family there oh yeah mm yeah yeah hope so yeah always look on the bright side of life do do do do do do yeah how are you facing the thought of friday is it? well with dread in a
757. car i ' m in my mum ' s knickers itch itch oh dear ' s family like is genuinely the weirdest family ever they do everything together yep let ' s have a family bash kiki let ' s have kiki kiki only with my family though is he on holiday still? no they went to for his dad ' s fiftieth or something oh my god
758. ##ch oh dear ' s family like is genuinely the weirdest family ever they do everything together yep let ' s have a family bash kiki let ' s have kiki kiki only with my family though is he on holiday still? no they went to for his dad ' s fiftieth or something oh my god look at? mm oh i remember miss she ' ll be around she '
763. as bad as the girl i mean there ' s no video it ' s no movie but it ' s me without a shadow of a doubt it would be bad mm mm the type of stuff your family would disown you for oh man yeah that ' s why i get freaked out because i always think like you know when people say oh when your nan and granddad when they ' re dead they
782. stayed together i ' m trying to think or try to imagine yeah if my mum and dad had stayed together and my mum died and i went to visit my dad which yeah in what had been my family home yeah and he started talking about my kitchen yeah it ' s just absolutely you could have knocked me down with a feather i mean my dad was mad yeah but even yeah yeah it ' s very odd
785. ' d worked at university as i had mm you ' d realise that it ' s a total load of mm cobblers and i said yeah people who haven ' t had that education mm like my family mm they assume that oh yeah people who have gone to university yeah like wow i said believe me yeah poppycock i said yeah any way of defining intelligence yeah any way isn ' t isn ' t you
790. a thirteen - year - old boy what ' s his name? erm is it a nuclear family? it ' s a nu yes proper nuclear family well it it obviously always goes for a nuclear family it ' s not always lives in a nuclear family it ' s really not it ' s really not cos ' s adopted ' s adopted? yeah erm but yeah it ' s not a nuclear
794. even said it ' s too boring she did? did she? mm i thought she said nothing instead of being cool no? yeah? what did you actually have for your real dinner with your real family? funnily enough we ' re at home over christmas your new real new real family? you ' ve got a new real family erm oh ' s looking for you oh is she back?
795. nothing instead of being cool no? yeah? what did you actually have for your real dinner with your real family? funnily enough we ' re at home over christmas your new real new real family? you ' ve got a new real family erm oh ' s looking for you oh is she back? i don ' t know if she ' s back but she ' s looking for you i
796. what did you actually have for your real dinner with your real family? funnily enough we ' re at home over christmas your new real new real family? you ' ve got a new real family erm oh ' s looking for you oh is she back? i don ' t know if she ' s back but she ' s looking for you i ' ll i ' ll give her a text
798. third family? you can do write a message from your computer you know? no i can ' t cos i haven ' t got the latest telephone number i want to see who are his real family yeah yeah i know ' s family were a family that obviously they dumped him they still want me to go around no that ' s not cool that ' s not cool apparently do they? that is definitely
802. mate love connection is that what you ' re doing there? you ' re just you ' re just you ' re just he ' s groom he ' s grooming he ' s grooming another family that ' s what he does he finds the daughters he seduces the daughters but really just again yeah he ' s interested in grooming another family yeah he wants the mother ' s hair i think that
803. ' s grooming he ' s grooming another family that ' s what he does he finds the daughters he seduces the daughters but really just again yeah he ' s interested in grooming another family yeah he wants the mother ' s hair i think that is true i tell you he is those those those parents don ' t tell him do the washing they do well they don ' t but i just
806. so did you speak norwegian at home? when you were growing up? no no no no no cos i did french and german at school mm and it was my dad working class and all his family he ' s one of seventeen mm hm blimey great at christmas presents ooh great christmas and it must eat up most of your salary no? presents for the family? i don ' t know
809. t do it properly it ' s all about controlling it yeah and i ' d i ' d done it for a year then i stopped because the people that helped me one guy ray he wa his family had all died he was never married he was a bachelor mm hm but the thing is close family and stuff sisters and stuff mm hm and the nearest ones are in winchester that ' s got a cathedral down
810. done it for a year then i stopped because the people that helped me one guy ray he wa his family had all died he was never married he was a bachelor mm hm but the thing is close family and stuff sisters and stuff mm hm and the nearest ones are in winchester that ' s got a cathedral down there and he had no reasons to stay except for the bell and so i went down there he
811. either meeting having a nasty experience with people or in that or a health scare yeah or a job it may be losing a job or getting demoted mm or not keeping whatever or if you ' ve got family split up or your kids are in trouble mm i ' m not saying it ' s but it ' s a combination of them or yeah even families that are sort of stable you know like cos i
814. for like me and helping but sort of thanking and well like and my children erm for sor i mean the children are not coming they could come mm but like als er thanks to and your family for like yeah letting you go out for the day letting you out type thing do you know what i mean? ah er and i text back and i sai that is i said k you know you '
815. is i said k you know you ' re you ' re very w you ' re more than welcome he ' s obviously had it bought into perspective that it ' s important to spend time with his family mm isn ' t it? and then it ' s it ' s obviously just bought it into perspective yeah yeah we ' re going down to see and on saturday er sunday oh yeah in cos they
816. her and she you know when it had just happened as and she was miserable about the whole christmas set up and being on her own and blah blah blah and i did say at the time listen my family are all going to watch the villa on boxing day so they ' re only spending i ' ll only go and sit with my sister and my niece i said if you know cos she was on on
821. travels cos he ' s been travelling she said they were thinking of going to work in perth but it ' s a horrible place and why would you want to be there away from your friends and family? and there ' s my both my children there and it ' s not a horrible place and you know being away from it nobody wants to be away from their friends and family well my children are away
822. from your friends and family? and there ' s my both my children there and it ' s not a horrible place and you know being away from it nobody wants to be away from their friends and family well my children are away from from my family and i thought why ' s she saying that to me? mm very sensitive yeah and i think my my kids are really amused by this you know it was
823. s my both my children there and it ' s not a horrible place and you know being away from it nobody wants to be away from their friends and family well my children are away from from my family and i thought why ' s she saying that to me? mm very sensitive yeah and i think my my kids are really amused by this you know it was really nice she sat with you at the wedding
827. take charge of it how self - assured he is of being totally independent and yeah and now all he worries about is oh when i get old there ' s you know i haven ' t got any family who ' s gonna look after me? oh dear oh i could be dead laying in my house for two weeks before anyone would notice oh and all this sort of and i was going yeah well why does
829. think they ' re home anymore anyway can ' t blame them though can you really? i think that she ' s quite close to them though she ' s always writing nice things on facebook about her family which yes yeah but that ' s me similar to writing nice things about yes nice things i write things becau er knowing that will see it and things like oh that ' s lovely what a lovely
840. parents used to they got is that her friend??? oh yes yes that was her name that ' s right that was her best friend oh they used to like they were very religious her her family oh right your mum very well cos she went to the local chapel so oh right that ' s why they got on that ' s er they i think they they got on yeah something like that yeah
843. ##dotes come from that well yeah but he ' s not is he likely to meet ' s parents? i think he went over there yeah so i think i guess so then she ' s got family in britain as well think oh right okay cool i ' m not sure about the if you took that colour in isolation with the they ' re quite garish and limey isn ' t it? yeah
856. two days off and obviously i get christmas day off but i get it paid but then yeah then my dad made me take monday bank holiday monday and tuesday off cos we ' re going to see family if you work bank holiday monday you get double pay which for me is like fifteen pounds an hour and my dad made me take it off i ' m not letting you on the table he ' s like
860. know and there ' s mm that ' s scary oh my goodness that ' s some cultural integration for this guy yeah and he ' s gone to er he ' s gone to he went to her family ' s house for for christmas and she lived near the coast and you know he just had such a lovely time erm and you know he ate the turkey er even though it was halal because you
861. you but it was really just a nice thing to read mm i think the bottom line for me is people are people and i think all humans wherever they are want the best for themselves and for their family and first and foremost that means a safe place to live where you are warm you are comfortable you know you ' ve got shelter you ' ve got food you ' ve got community you ' ve got relationships
862. warm you are comfortable you know you ' ve got shelter you ' ve got food you ' ve got community you ' ve got relationships you know you feel part of something bigger than yourself perhaps be that family or community or whatever and yeah i mean there ' s so much that divides people and it is really is divide and conquer as far as i ' m concerned while people are still fighting each other and poor
863. t matter and the lower levels you teach the earlier that you finish whereas when you teach the highest levels you finish later mm mm oh yeah half eight or whatever yeah yeah and if you have got a family or you just want your own time then yeah oh i keep meaning to ask you i ' ve given all of my students notice that i ' m stopping teaching at the end of february do you want my
866. lung capacity to deal with an inhaler well apparently eh when was it? last week or the week before was at a family do no i think it was over the weekend and was at a family do and all of her family were smoking but she didn ' t good it was very proud of her good but so she ' s given up or she ' s a em she ' s well she '
867. inhaler well apparently eh when was it? last week or the week before was at a family do no i think it was over the weekend and was at a family do and all of her family were smoking but she didn ' t good it was very proud of her good but so she ' s given up or she ' s a em she ' s well she ' s she doesn ' t smoke
870. in over no cos i ' ve got a new one now anyway ipod so oh yeah there ' s no need for that really luckily got a new one we should take like a christmas erm family photo yes like a flat selfie the whole flat i didn ' t bring any christmas jumpers with me though we have and there ' s no primark which would be really ideal for like christmas jumper
871. to w malk sorry to walk much more briskly than we have been lately with is the phd still coming on well? kiss kiss kiss i suppose sunday is the day for getting in touch with family is it? no i mean like our easter is a possible opportunity sorry? easter ' s a possible opportunity what d ' you mean? festivals innit? you can get together with your family at easter
872. with family is it? no i mean like our easter is a possible opportunity sorry? easter ' s a possible opportunity what d ' you mean? festivals innit? you can get together with your family at easter you mean you want to or? you can i mean no i was just saying that people can i think what this is doing is it ' s congealing and uh creating like lumps
874. ##s you would think that having spoken to you know once or twice about your family situation the thought would ' ve occurred actually d ' you know i haven ' t had half as much drama with my family as i ' ve as ' s had with hers maybe i should be a bit more grateful about what i ' ve got going on at home whereas people like her you tend to find that they ' re
878. months three four months something like that hmm and lived in each other ' s pockets it was very intense it was very full on and we both knew exactly what we were doing you know i met his family then they came up and i cooked them like apple pie something really english and uh hmm you know he would always invite me to go down and stay we both knew that as intense as it was it was
879. it and uh hmm i realised actually a lot of things we were coming to blows to because a lot of the things that we were struggling with were because of the things that were going on with my family hmm was we were just reading each other really differently and then it gives you like a list of you say he hears he says you hear idea hmm um and a lot a lot of our arguments were resolved
881. ##weirdly cos it ' s kind of an odd sugary drink but it ' s just er something settling about it and it gives you energy we went to some nice places with ' s family it was really nice we should be bringing ' s here he would like it not the queen ' s head no the queen ' s head is lovely in term so authenticity the queen ' s head is lovely
885. to family to the person who owns you to a degree i mean cats don ' t really have that the same as dogs do they? they don ' t have that unconditional love for their family the way that dogs do and that ' s what ' s dangerous about people who abuse pets mm mm because you could abuse a dog to such a degree because it will always love you absolutely cos it
887. few years ago erm there was a girl called who lived here mm not here obviously erm she lived in i can ' t remember the name of her village and erm she was her whole family came out and moved here yeah and erm on christmas eve it ' s really sad but her dad passed away mm heart attack died yeah erm her and her mum found him in an armchair like dead
889. yeah displacement you know the thing is i ' m dreading to go home every time i go home i have such a difficult time it ' s not that i don ' t get on with my family but it ' s always quite intense because i haven ' t seen them for a long time mm so it ' s a lot of catching up to do or not catching up to do because i ' m
891. know brother in a way a family member and then you know and then my news gets circulated through him in a way mm so there is kind of you know indirect mm contact with the rest of my family i just see my brother or i ' m talking to my younger sister mm yeah i ' m terrible i ' m terrible in keeping in touch that ' s the thing i ' m terrible i never really
895. ' t even think about the flowers you know i mean he was absolutely out of it mm yeah you know for most of the day i don ' t know how he kept it together but i suppose family being close by you know you can sort of manage to just sort of talk mm yeah but it ' s it ' s so weird mm i mean your brain is doing something weird because your whole emotions are
910. say like it ' s fine to hate yeah yeah although hate is a harsh word yeah dislike is really the better word yeah yeah but it ' s alright to hate somebody but if they ' re your family you whawhatever you should still love them yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you know so this but i don ' t know i don ' t know how you can yeah yeah i don ' t think
913. she ' s working all the time yeah but why but nag but er if she can afford why can ' t she afford to get one of the many many local landscape? well presumably because her family have offered to do it for her for free it ' s a bit well a bit weird isn ' t it? not necessarily no that ' s what f f i think it ' s weird because it
915. s a lot of money that is a lot of money like we probably wouldn ' t even put that in for like no a family me obviously you guys would be different i know but for like a family member yeah well that ' s the thing i was i was speaking to about it and she goes well i was at her she was like this girl ' s maid of honour and she said i put forty
916. that ' s how awesome jack bauer is yeah but nobody else would be able to do that after heart stopped for a minute and cos he comes out with the best lines ever like where is my family and he gets shot where ' s my mum? yeah this guy gets in the limo shoots him three times oh yeah and he doesn ' t even flinch cos of the glass because he ' s got
917. ? yeah this guy gets in the limo shoots him three times oh yeah and he doesn ' t even flinch cos of the glass because he ' s got a bullet proof glass where ' s my family? oh that was the best scene ever oh it was the best and then there ' s the montage music before that building up to that scene oh my god the funky tune the funky montage yeah
918. s in that? it ' s true you ' ve seen it i ' ve showed you she ' s banging her boobs i i don ' t know and she ' s like where is my family? oh dear and your mum can ' t answer cos she ' s got a gag in her mouth and then she starts crying and he just goes it ' s not over yet what the fuck?
930. very far he ' d need to pay i think to do it or go online and do it i think you do anyway don ' t you? yeah yeah well i guess if you know and your family know isn ' t it? you can trace people well is not uncommon is it? there are a few s it ' s jewish originally is it? is it? yeah erm i believe and then
931. he knew his mum no i m well his real mum his biological mum who died yeah but he was he was a child he remembers his mum well i don ' t think he knows much about her family or no but i he doesn ' t know yeah but he doesn ' t know much about erm we ' re talking about the history oh the family the tree? yeah his yeah yeah so his nan
934. be more comfortable i would have all sorts of restrictions i can ' t walk to a random woman i can ' t be anywhere near them you know what i mean? erm unless they ' re family you can ' t be around them you can ' t spend any time with them whatsoever oh for god ' s sake don ' t go there so it ' s pretty difficult erm what ' s most
935. i wanted to do i enjoy teaching it ' s the problem i probably and i may never live in england permanently mm but we love europe and we love european culture mm and we like being close to family and friends so yeah if we could get a job you know at a dutch university or if it ' s in a spanish university then we ' d probably go there but still we need a phd to do
936. ' s in a spanish university then we ' d probably go there but still we need a phd to do that so so that would be nice to settle if you when you eventually if you have a family to bring up your children yeah not too far away and in a culture that you ' d perhaps be happy with yeah them growing up in somewhere you can have a bit of fun as well as not just
937. plus nanny you ' d nanny would want to be involved mm and er great aunt mm definitely yeah so so that ' s wh are you talking ten years before you settle somewhere permanent and raise a family? yeah i ' d i ' d say so erm which puts you about forty i would say and i fortyish could be becoming a dad? and i may be ready to have children late th
940. ' t know about these kind of things what were you just saying? erm i was just saying about being calm oh she ' s quite calm yeah but then i ' m really calm around her family and she gets all stressed out so yeah yeah oh she does like er around her dad she ' s just stressing her out does she? quite badly so it just depends who you ' re around is
942. in the freezer and then you can plan them in for your next time mm terribly organised i ' m not actually that organised really but i don ' t have to be anymore i am when my family is about but i don ' t have to be so what sort of things do you eat then how long ' s this got to be on for? i don ' t know as long as we want
946. coming up obviously the eighth of april for us but for the eastern church it will be the fifteenth the the sunday after yeah um they say religious services um it it they have you have like a festival family meals family meals uh easter egg hunts and gift giving um and you ' re supposed to have like all - night vigils and sunrise services oh yeah i know i saw on that leaflet that came
947. obviously the eighth of april for us but for the eastern church it will be the fifteenth the the sunday after yeah um they say religious services um it it they have you have like a festival family meals family meals uh easter egg hunts and gift giving um and you ' re supposed to have like all - night vigils and sunrise services oh yeah i know i saw on that leaflet that came through the
948. you just go for money and so that ' s uh slightly different but then once again that ' s not appearance that ' s you ' ve gotta put something you know like money or you know yeah family ties or uh money ' s a t bad one some some other factor like appearance on on its own is is not a great no although it does work i suppose it does work for some people like some
949. and yeah surfing and cos did get her wetsuit for christmas and she hasn ' t used it yet i don ' t suppose well and that yeah but she ' s going away with and her family for the weekend the last weekend of the holiday the easter holiday oh okay and they ' ve got a house in wales right and they ' re going so she ' s gonna be taking it with her co
950. much in effect would end up putting up for the week mm which would be okay with yeah i mean he ' s got a a spare room cos obviously he ' s he ' s got a family and they come and yeah visit so but it ' s we haven ' t really got any further with it but then we were talking because they have they had a tennis coach there who has now gone there
957. is maybe once every six weeks or something just cross the calendar through yeah and not yeah so at least you get a family day yeah yeah the pressure ' s off of him well we never get a family day because he plays football mm but at least it ' s not all day i mean i said i ' d go and stand there mm he said what are you gonna do? i said nothing there '
963. i ' ll get some mm pizza for breakfast mm mind you hold that handle while it comes towards me oh okay yeah so two two small nieces up in newcastle my nephew erm oh with my family ' s baby it ' s been a lot of a lot of small children you might find it a bit traumatic it ' s a bit ' s baby was like relatively young five months isn ' t it
965. and if we can get them to speak with their families over christmas then mm yeah that ' s kinda you just tap into like mass like a really good resource yeah over christmas well you ' ll see family as well won ' t you? like you see your grandparents yeah you see your nieces and nephews or whatever yeah who doesn ' t wanna do a bit of language research at christmas yeah exactly it
967. but it ' s never christmas day it ' s always just like twenty - seventh yeah twenty - eighth yeah like me too this year it ' ll be like may probably because my erm oh my family are going to tasmania like my cousins are going to tasmania oh wow gonna spend christmas on that on that island that ' ll be amazing yeah so but it ' s kind of nice that way cos if
971. ' re not mine we ' ve got enough savings for erm to live haven ' t we? yeah it ' s just any money we earn is money that we can do stuff with like visit family visit friends how does your erm how does your electricity work? do they read your meter every month or do they estimate it? they estimate it don ' t they? yeah it ' s estimated and
972. ? so thing is i mean yeah but why not when you ' ve got the benefit system ' s there yeah you know you might as well use it it ' s not like the rest of our family and friends aren ' t all contributing and paying taxes exactly and if your family and friends can ' t support one person who ' s not do you kn that ' s what the system ' s there for
973. the benefit system ' s there yeah you know you might as well use it it ' s not like the rest of our family and friends aren ' t all contributing and paying taxes exactly and if your family and friends can ' t support one person who ' s not do you kn that ' s what the system ' s there for mm for what and at the end of the day i mean some people have
974. anything okay erm but i think some people do go quite far and i think that is really kind of sad that people like nuns they like completely devote their whole life they don ' t see their family or they ' re not allowed to have kids anything like that and they just devote their life to god which might not even exist no but they choose to and who are you to say that that ' s
977. that ' s coming up on friday oh right yeah that ' ll be the fifth one this year it ' s what? er yeah we ' ve had a real run of just oh no yeah friends family just all sorts have they been all at an age? or no no some of them young? no i had er a friend at work who just who was fifty - seven just dropped down dead at home
978. erm a frien somebody that was er s he was somebody i grew up with erm yeah and hadn ' t seen for years but he then a couple of years ago started seeing a close family friend right so he was like in conversation again and then he he and the family friend came to my dad ' s funeral erm so he was w saw him again caught up with him and then he
979. with erm yeah and hadn ' t seen for years but he then a couple of years ago started seeing a close family friend right so he was like in conversation again and then he he and the family friend came to my dad ' s funeral erm so he was w saw him again caught up with him and then he was i mean he was only my age and he actually i d there was an
984. it was it is awkward because we were we like your mum but to sit in her lounge just i have to sit in ' s lounge yeah obviously we both still live at home yeah and he his family like all sit together and don ' t even turn the telly on they talk to each other not talk to each other? i ' m not joking they don ' t put the telly on and
985. job i would imagine mm but he knew him quite well so who had that farm before the s? it belonged to this so it was who left it? ah because he didn ' t have any family yeah? he left it to who obviously rented off him him in trust that was lucky wasn ' t it? well it was very nice very nice very nice for him yeah cos it ' s a
989. a baby quickly then i wouldn ' t turn it down ah but you can ' t have one when you ' re like fifteen because you won ' t have a job so how will you support your family? i won ' t have it when i ' m like fifteen that ' s what i ' m just saying don ' t have it when you ' re a teenager erm i think i ' m
998. afford to make mistakes you know but yeah if you ' re rich you you make a few mistakes and you get a maybe you get a yeah crash a car or something you know yeah your ba your family bails you our or whatever you get bailed you get massively bailed out you get yeah uh you you get the you get lives you know you get like nine lives and you get three three
1009. i was like it wasn ' t even correct it was actually a lie and it was really inappropriate to talk about that with columbians how do you know i know that woman hadn ' t lost her family to that ' s true people in the farc? yeah that ' s true it was i mean god it was awful totally inappro it was like yeah i know and i the one thing you
1010. them as lies they ' re kind of like at the time but they are but they are they ' re very serious yeah they are they ' re very serious lies they are okay er twelve allowing your family and friends to disrespect me and steal stuff from our home and then assuming that money can just fix it well what do you disre what? very rude i know yeah but your
1011. ##sre what? very rude i know yeah but your uncle was very rude to me as well yeah but i couldn ' t i couldn ' t if i ' d if i ' d and your family friends were very rude to me as well do you know what would have happened if i ' d? it ' s with she ' s mentally ill so we ' re gonna i ' ll let that one
1014. invite you out in fact true because i definitely you know i owe you dinner need a break from that place and i owe you dinner you ' ve done so much for me but they ' ve got family i ' d love you to come out have a coffee true any time call me that ' s true when you ' re free er half an hour yeah but that ' s fine but the way i did
1015. ourselves before yeah being inflexible with your gym football schedule but expecting me to change mine for yours so general inflexibility with that and we we mentioned that erm okay relatives and family and friends now not taking care of your relatives when they come to stay except financially which you ' re very good at erm like when? like your grandfather yeah you didn ' t bother to change your
1016. ' t come here so you could pay for everything no he wanted to spend time he came cos he wanted to spend time with you you ' re right and then you didn ' t allowing your family and friends to treat you like shit and use you i don ' t mean your grandfather here by the way that was just erm my mum and sister your mum your sister no my mum didn ' t
1018. you started defending it yeah er and you know were all uppity about it well because and then because i just look at my family you don ' t know anything about it i look at my family yeah this is what i mean that are muslim it ' s part of your culture because it ' s part of your family background yeah i ' m not saying it ' s your religion no i know it
1021. ' re better and more successful than other people based on shallow indicators i mean like your job and money they ' re only two indicators of success there are plenty of others which are maybe better happiness happy family life fulfilling relationships being honest being open about what you want knowing what you want yeah there are other things that measure success not that those things are bad but they ' re just two of a big range more
1022. open about what you want knowing what you want yeah there are other things that measure success not that those things are bad but they ' re just two of a big range more profound things yeah so your family this is one star are lazy a lot of them spongers mm often mentally ill abusive some of them or weak the two tend to go together and you want me to spend time with them you know that
1023. the way i may not have done something at the time but erm you did afterwards you yeah you sent her an email yeah yes you did afterwards but it ' s not just that saying er the family friends and i not only didn ' t you didn ' t stand up for me yeah yeah that that i that oh yeah the family friends yeah i just it ' s so bad you don ' t get
1024. you did afterwards but it ' s not just that saying er the family friends and i not only didn ' t you didn ' t stand up for me yeah yeah that that i that oh yeah the family friends yeah i just it ' s so bad you don ' t get th it ' s disrespectful it is bad it ' s it ' s it ' s really rude it is
1029. nice it was a little bit windy but it was quite nice it was better yeah em but eh but yeah mm it ' s not somewhere i would definitely think of as a holiday destination unless i had family there ah but it ' s beautiful i ' m sure it is yeah but the weather i mean it is just battered off the north sea i ' d quite like it if we could invent telep
1031. him to look for everything like marks i wouldn ' t i wouldn ' t be happy like i mean i don ' t care cos i ' m not living you know it ' s not a family home or i ' m not living here for years but i wouldn ' t be happy with like that level of sort of finish would you? no no if this was like a you know long term home
1033. and and and er and are all going because you know the s always support them when they ' re fundraising and i thought you know it ' ll be fun could i drum up any interest from my family? no was just an outright no way can ' t think of anything worse to be fair doesn ' t wanna go but has made him yeah he has to he has to just looked at me as if
1035. been put had these operations you ' ve been put on this drug you had to eat a bad diet that made you poorly you didn ' t take any time off work you ' ve got lots of family pressures on you and she said i think a lot of the anxiety is to do with the drugs that you ' ve been on and she said i want to monitor you now you ' re on the reduced
1036. to be honest mm but uu on friday mm was really upset on friday and i had a whole diatribe oh did you see him? yeah cos he was at the theatre with his family when we were there oh gosh we ' ll have to have that for another time cos i ' m gonna have to take to the tennis club mm oh g i ' m so sorry i didn
1037. no no no there has to be someone we have to keep talking yeah yeah we can ' t stop talking any time there ' s a that should be alright for you though no i know yeah my family are talkers i mean yeah i ' ve already got twenty hours of recording have you really? since the last week i ' ve been back yeah so that ' s about five hundred quid just between
1038. really? since the last week i ' ve been back yeah so that ' s about five hundred quid just between you and? no no no about three hours is and me the rest is my family and friends oh really? and everyone i see you know what i mean? some friends are better to record than others yeah is always going on about whatever he stole or whatever he did so is he really
1040. t yeah no it ' s true it ' s a good point it ' s nei unfortunately yeah unfortunately neither nor i come from a good enough background where we ' re gonna inherit something or our family can help or any of that kind of stuff yeah like most people i know pretty much are set at some point in our life yeah and i aren ' t if we ' re every gonna get on the
1044. like i ' m not vegetarian but i still have an intolerance to most meats do you? yeah do you? when erm when i went to the pub with my friends with my family i had like some fish i ' d never had and i got so ill from it cos my body has never had it even though i eat meat my body ' s never had it no give me
1046. but my dad loves cheese and i had this i had this fake uncle who came to our house in malaysia who stayed there for a while fake? like fake fake erm like family friend yeah like family friends you call uncle oh yeah yeah yeah and like he erm it ' s not real fake sorry go on remember like remember ex - uncle yeah like erm ah he he used to love really weird
1050. no do you know what no means? no my point proven but no he ' s a good kid good kid i ' m a godmother oh yeah? he ' s pretty much the most family i ' ve got at the moment my godson and i do my best to see him every week do you take him out place? i do no i look after him let ' s take him lamb
1052. that though no she can and he can ' t he can ' t even get in touch with her anymore because she basically fucked off with him doesn ' t speak to her won ' t allow her family to speak to him and he can ' t even he doesn ' t even know where they live now yorkshire is as far as he knows if they ' ve not moved yeah but she ' s probably going
1053. on my on my school uniform trousers it ' s very shiny so erm what this model suggests is that there is a microsystem mm and inside the microsystem are your immediate family mm fam so like your parents and all this sort of stuff and and they siblings perchance? yeah yeah so they they erm are really heavily influential on you but because they ' re so influential
1056. like nannies mm and et cetera yeah yes that ' s true mm how do you think that would affect a child? erm i think if there ' s still ample contacts with the immediate family as in like still contact with mum and dad what you ' d have is you ' d probably have different strands then going out you ' d have the nanny ' s mum and dad and how that affects
1058. see you together yeah yeah yeah i know it ' s been difficult that ' s what my parents said you know getting obviously when you come home it ' s like you need to see your parents and family yeah and everything and vice versa we ' re never home long enough are we? yeah no my parents came down on monday was it this monday? yeah we had a few my mum just went home like
1059. facebooked all i wanted was a simple i ' ve arrived i ' m okay i ' m fine yeah yeah he was going to meet a girl that he ' s never met before yeah and a family somewhere he ' s never been that he ' s never met no yeah is he staying with her family? i think so not sure i ' ve just about got the flight details off him as he was
1060. yeah yeah he was going to meet a girl that he ' s never met before yeah and a family somewhere he ' s never been that he ' s never met no yeah is he staying with her family? i think so not sure i ' ve just about got the flight details off him as he was as was taking him to the airport yeah in the car he ' s definitely a erm but i
1061. is that how it works? yeah nieces yeah it ' s all very jeremy kyle isn ' t it? yeah yeah it ' s the same when i was gro my dad had a first family before my mum yeah and they they were considerably older than me so like yeah they would come round their children and i have nieces and nephews older than i am because they my dad had them as
1062. yeah they do their oh i don ' t even know what it ' s all about espressos and stuff like that down there in spain and italy it is it really is yeah yeah i have family that lives in italy and they can ' t start the day without at least like two or three espressos i don ' t know how they do it and mum ' s like that ' s why
1064. nice coming home then those couple of months before we went back to korea yeah i could of stayed at home for longer i think just because of the security after travelling for so long hadn ' t seen family for a long time yeah yeah yeah so yeah i think there was one point that said that you er had a patch where it was like finding it difficult with the the travelling and moving around and yeah just
1065. it ' s stressful well you ' ve also got the amount of money it ' s costing you and stuff haven ' t you? but er don ' t bring up the money studying friends and family yeah what do you mean? family ' s not stressful no not at all no yeah that ' s the breeziest part that ' s behind you the stressful bit ' s behind you now
1066. ' ve also got the amount of money it ' s costing you and stuff haven ' t you? but er don ' t bring up the money studying friends and family yeah what do you mean? family ' s not stressful no not at all no yeah that ' s the breeziest part that ' s behind you the stressful bit ' s behind you now do you like? now this this
1069. did say that i said she what could be a psychopath you just don ' t know what you ' re walking into no but it ' s not just her everything it ' s her friends her family yeah her dad could be a complete nutter no yeah yeah see i had these visions that the family had locked him up inside sorry you sound like you know what i ' m like i ' ve got
1074. going up to scotland with you? is he? yep that ' s the best thing mm when are you going up? erm erm we ' re going up to scotland on the fifth which family are you going to see? we ' re gonna stay er with for a couple of nights and and for one night right so we ' re gonna go straight to and ' s for the we ' ll
1076. family railcard and each child went for a pound yeah er return it was fantastic yeah but erm but no erm yeah no i ' ve got i ' ve i hahad to buy a family and friends railcard anyway just for these journeys of course mm cos even just going to mm it would ' ve cost nearly seventy pounds just for just for one journey with us and the girls mm but
1080. - second of june and then do you know what you ' re going to do after that no? no i think i might go to america yeah with or? yeah go to cos like her family just want to go there and like open they might open a bar there or something that ' s going to be so f f photo yeah like that is f f photo i forgot that you looked at f
1082. can go to bed at like eight o ' clock at night and sleep all night and i just don ' t understand how she does it mm but yeah our in a situation where i think that my family know about my blog and that ' s just no the thing you don ' t wanna hear isn ' t it? you know what i mean? like they know where your blog is or they know you
1083. wanna hear isn ' t it? you know what i mean? like they know where your blog is or they know you have a blog? i don ' t know cos what happened was my family know i think do they know? oh how do you deal with it? they know i have a blog but they don ' t know what my blog is do they know what it is though? co
1084. auntie on facebook like telling her like we ' re worried about you erm and i got like really angry at that because they know how much i don ' t like talking about it to my family and they like yeah what i tell them in confidence i expect to be kind of kept in confidence mm and i was really quite angry erm oh yeah but i said like yeah i get what i get
1085. it ' s really annoying ah s but enough of my stupid dramas it ' s not stupid dramas i get pissed off and anxious when people read my blog that i don ' t know like if my family have read it that is like a massive like a massive drama yeah yeah liliterally i don ' t mind if my friends read it sometimes like some of my friends like mm people that it freaks me
1086. real life and i think you ' re really cool and stuff i ' m like okay mm yeah that ' s really weird it is strange but like i don ' t like the i cos my family just don ' t get it no like they don ' t get what my blog means and what i do on it and no stuff and no i mean i hope my my family don ' t but i
1087. i cos my family just don ' t get it no like they don ' t get what my blog means and what i do on it and no stuff and no i mean i hope my my family don ' t but i ' m just worried about my sister as well like mm if i said anything on there that ' s like really bad which i have done in the past mm which is you know
1092. ' s like really clinical like she gets up at like seven am so she can put the turkey in for ten am and really? so that ' s all ready by like one god wow yeah my family are always just late for everything so it ' s just like yeah i dunno what i ' m gonna do if my husband can ' t cook cos like i ' m not gonna be able to
1093. like this is some serious shit yeah well it is serious shit i ' m very angry about this i would be to be honest like like this is one of my insecurities as well like my family knowing all this shit that i tell me friends like it ' s not okay with me cos family is just too personal isn ' t it? like exactly and the fact that she ' s like really
1094. would be to be honest like like this is one of my insecurities as well like my family knowing all this shit that i tell me friends like it ' s not okay with me cos family is just too personal isn ' t it? like exactly and the fact that she ' s like really buddy with my auntie and it ' s really fucking annoying like it ' s just like what do
1097. you know if they were brought up by their dads how their dads dealt with it yeah and you know if they were brought up in a sort of this type of family or this type of family or whatever? and it was just really interesting to read and it ' s you know incredibly difficult for every family and there ' s yeah no perfect method or there ' s no exact you know er strategy
1102. like um some places when mum was a teenager they kind of did those things that you can do that that thing when you ' re young when we went when i drove down to south of france with family erm we we left at about one or two o ' clock in the morning because they had gone through the being able to get to sleep before that be i wasn ' t sure because i knew they
1105. ##ent so oh it ' s another uh they will probably especially if they ' re female they would look at it as though their family was a prototype erm and he ' s now got a new family now this was the to block out all the wrinkles to save the family i think the main problem is with their uh now ' s had three children and she ' s thinking well i wanted you to
1108. them they they feel like feel like our family is is it doesn ' t it doesn ' t necessarily cement the families together no it doesn ' t the children can feel they will feel this is our family he ' s related to us but he ' s part of that new family you know and we ' re old guard um mum ' s hurt as well because erm refuses to let her children call mum
1110. mum cos i said i said i said i ' m going to be unhappy so i might as well be unhappy in france or spain as opposed to being unhappy here yeah do you have too much family around no no and it ' s not that far away no and you ' ve got skype and i mean we ' ll definitely visit yeah it ' s not that far away i ' m not moving
1113. so then you would have to ring someone to come and collect you at midnight and go home oh no and where were you staying then? wasn ' t that a problem with your accommodation? with em family and friends and whoever anyone it ' s been so random from like close family to absolute randomness and there was one time actually in delhi when i i did i did get stuck and and because it was
1115. was fog and you know loads of flights were delayed and whatever what happened in this instance was that i ' d come from the punjab i ' d travelled down for five hours and friends not even my family friends of the family these like they had said oh you know they took me out for like nice dinner and they said you know cos it looked it was quite a clear flight and they said oh you
1117. just like em hi yes i ' m fly eh yes so i ' m a bbc journalist and i ' m flying back to london you know my flight ' s been delayed i don ' t have family nearby em you know can you put me up please do it yeah that happened to me in sri lanka once we em we were flying from trivandrum to sri lanka from sri lanka to heathrow mm
1125. you got much planned with the weekend? i ' m like oh well obviously because we ' re away next weekend i ' m having like a relatively quiet one we ' re just gonna like see some family and do a bit of decorating et cetera et cetera what are you up to? and she ' s like oh i ' m booking me and are booking skiing tonight oh yeah for your birthday
1135. really high yeah success rate they went really really high to to make it work and then of those three couples one pulled out before the marriage oh cos the girl kind of got cold feet and her family didn ' t approve so she was ththat was out when she when she met him? no th no they weren ' t allowed to meet before the wedding at all yeah so then there were two
1150. to say like you know it would be nice to do something like just us two cos i didn ' t realise that every holiday they ' ve been on with somebody else yeah been with either his family or his friends and this year they ' re also going on a family holiday with her family i feel like she ' s a bit stuck sometimes yeah but she doesn ' t she doesn ' t seem to
1151. us two cos i didn ' t realise that every holiday they ' ve been on with somebody else yeah been with either his family or his friends and this year they ' re also going on a family holiday with her family i feel like she ' s a bit stuck sometimes yeah but she doesn ' t she doesn ' t seem to like stick up for herself in that respect no but like but like she
1152. i didn ' t realise that every holiday they ' ve been on with somebody else yeah been with either his family or his friends and this year they ' re also going on a family holiday with her family i feel like she ' s a bit stuck sometimes yeah but she doesn ' t she doesn ' t seem to like stick up for herself in that respect no but like but like she ' s never done
1153. you count him i wouldn ' t count him as a friend no necessarily he ' s still very much ' s boyfriend yeah whereas like i think she like she ' s genuinely built up relationships with his family and his friends and stuff so t is genuinely her friend yeah and don ' t ever do anything well you ' ll probably have to but you ' ll se you ' ve got to do it once co
1155. see i have no problem with photos i think i don ' t like the fact that the photos are all of them i know that sounds really weird but like i ' d have photos of friends and family and i ' d have like pretty photos but i don ' t think they ' d necessarily all be of me and like but do a check the next time you go round like there is a lot they
1158. and sorry sorry you were talking erm i don ' t have the money to for the flights and stuff but he said that he was like if you do go there you like you know that my family will offer for you to stay with them where is this? in the philippines philippines oh right oh that ' d be wonderful even though i don ' t know any of them yeah but they would know of
1165. is ' s lovely but is like my sister really i feel bad really that she ' s she is family but i ' ve never really treated it her i mean i guess i think of her as family but yeah i haven ' t like so much treated her as family for a long time well i don ' t know you were always pleased to see her when she ' s always here at functions and stuff
1166. really that she ' s she is family but i ' ve never really treated it her i mean i guess i think of her as family but yeah i haven ' t like so much treated her as family for a long time well i don ' t know you were always pleased to see her when she ' s always here at functions and stuff isn ' t she so yeah she feels like family yeah definitely i
1167. her as family for a long time well i don ' t know you were always pleased to see her when she ' s always here at functions and stuff isn ' t she so yeah she feels like family yeah definitely i hope she thinks that though yeah i think she does she ' s proud that she ' s your god - mum i know i couldn ' t remember who she as but she did mention something
1175. ? she writes those plays yeah i remember going to one of her plays you went to yeah we went to didn ' t we all go to one together? the the one about deafness yeah the family yeah yeah the stressed family the guy ' s learning chinese on his computer her dad oh yeah yeah yeah the the the the the loudmouth dad it ' s funny though she ' s she just goes straight
1176. yeah i remember going to one of her plays you went to yeah we went to didn ' t we all go to one together? the the one about deafness yeah the family yeah yeah the stressed family the guy ' s learning chinese on his computer her dad oh yeah yeah yeah the the the the the loudmouth dad it ' s funny though she ' s she just goes straight from light into what do
1180. have you have you met him yet? and i said no i said no i said to in the new year i said cos you know what it ' s like get all your friends and your family and after a bit you think i just wanna be left alone yeah you know yeah with my little family unit i said so i said to in the new year i ' ll have to meet him oh yeah
1181. new year i said cos you know what it ' s like get all your friends and your family and after a bit you think i just wanna be left alone yeah you know yeah with my little family unit i said so i said to in the new year i ' ll have to meet him oh yeah she ' s babysitting again on thursday i think oh i was gonna say she made me laugh
1182. she does i didn ' t know anyway she always seems to be in the gym yeah yeah she goes out most nights i think to there yeah and i think do you never spend any time with your family? i think sometimes she goes twice a day yeah i wouldn ' t be surprised because i went to a class yesterday morning that i haven ' t been to for quite a long time and sometimes i go
1183. with ' s about patenting something but again don ' t know what don ' t know he ' s keeping it all a bit close to the chest at the moment erm what ' s his family? what ' s their background? erm he ' s got a sister his mum and dad are are divorced but they ' re er fairly recently i think did they split up while he was travelling?
1185. the first world war left five children erm who then had to go and live with their aunt mm and run off with somebody who was ten years her junior mm and er they er then had another family and she had another four children so what with the one that died in infancy that was ten children that she had anyway she er my great grandmother divorced her and so she eventually married this other guy erm
1188. the top of the file yeah wow yes well you ' re erm you ' re very fortunate like that aren ' t you? cos some mm no one knows anything about my mother ' s family or or that ' s that ' s th that ' s the story mm and i was trying to track down some friends who live from their facebook entry looks as if they might ' ve their friends from
1197. mm and same for students if you ' re living in shared accommodation or student mm accommodation and you ' re worried about your mail then have it to a secure address mm whether it ' s your mm family or somebody else yeah then then mm do it that way but put something that you ' re going to mm be able to access mm every day and similarly with e - mail addresses i say this particularly to
1198. know it ' s sad but it ' s happy cos i was delighted and overjoyed to everyone because i didn ' t go back to northern ireland at christmas cos i stayed with my family mm mm mm mm and i presumed all my friends in nern ern as i want to call it northern ireland mm mm would be with their families and would be having work parties mm mm yeah and
1203. get married now you must get married now and um he ' s like well no i haven ' t got a job now and i don ' t want to get married until i can provide for my family and the one somali guy was saying to him no you must get married it doesn ' t matter in this country you don ' t need to have a job you don ' t need to worry about that
1204. had um a class of nineteen - year - olds one of which was er very very very heavily into the opus dei church in spain which oh right yeah are very religious catholic order i think and her family she had about seven brothers and sisters cos they believe in having numerous er children cos that gives better better gifts to god or something i don ' t know and they were all going on a march
1205. was like to her it was yeah you know a really open issue she was really you know very happy talking about it or what not but because she ' d heard that um this other girl ' s family were going to the er the march she just um unsigned herself from the class she she stopped coming and the first day that she didn ' t come they had a huge argument about how the class did?
1206. like it ' s not very much money it ' s like if i got something a few weeks if i could get something like a month before that i don ' t mind too much but ' s family are coming over in april hm over easter yep so i really would like to not be starting a new job when they come cos that wouldn ' t really it was my you wolfed that down quickly
1207. don ' t i don ' t think she ' s got a passion for it like i think at the las in the last couple of months she ' s like been to the theatre with like her family like a couple of times but she ' s not been like raving about it but she doesn ' t do english literature does she? no oh no what a shame she says she ' s got civil
1208. people that i met last year or this w this year one from bulgaria and one who technically she ' s er she ' s international but she ' s lived in england for a long time but her family ' s in ghana so she will go back to ghana after she graduates there ' s just so many people that have been countries far away and you just think ah i won ' t see you but so
1209. to visit each other or whatever so even though they ' ve got even though they ' ve got jobs i still see loads of them yeah ' s boyfriend he is he ' s based in but his family now lives in really? because yeah because he was easter with her we always go to spend time with them mm and then it ' s like the world feels really big yeah it ' s kind of try
1214. ve got it we ' ve er something about a carry on film but i don ' t hello? yes it ' s me gramps cool er sorry i was probably erm eating dinner with the family at the time who ' s that? it ' s nan and gramps oh right so it ' s my turn to oh bloody hell that was a three er science the nature of cs lewis why not
1231. and he ' s adhered to that yeah or it ' s really shunned and he ' s found it from some role model and he ' s got it whereas his basketball is what his family wanted him to do so it ' s all these passions aren ' t things that are like great things that we should be championing they ' re just other types of norms i think textually there is
1235. we read about this didn ' t we? when we went to mummy ' s old college so there was erm so he left he bequeathed that ' s called he left his library to oh some family member anyway they donated it to magdalene and there it is and somebody really wanted but for years they didn ' t want what the diary ' s said and the reason why he put it in code is because
1236. lot better you can understand someone from yeah you know somewhere else i know but we still have words like i ' m trying to think like like was telling me a while back he went to see his family in newcastle and they was saying like all these like words and he didn ' t understand them and i ' m trying to remember what one is now yeah there ' s quite a lot of erm words
1247. i don ' t she doesn ' t seem to have to yeah said er friday night she has to be careful yeah whereas doesn ' t so whether ' s got the metabolism of her dad and their family i don ' t know but the whole family they ' re like it but yeah he does he ' s always been the same well we must i said to i said to must you have got to take
1250. like going my parents and my mum hates it i mean like mm i see where she ' s coming from she doesn ' t like christmas because we always get really nice kind of expensive presents for the family oh yeah you said this yeah and yeah we don ' t get anything kind of back on the same sort of level and i don ' t like you know you can ' t really give someone a thirty
1257. that they couldn ' t even agree on that i thought this bodes well strange anything new with you or not really? no same old oh mum did i tell you mum and dad have booked a family holiday? no yeah mum and dad have cos they turn sixty this year they wanted to do a big family holiday with everyone you know grandad with the kids and probably her guy if there ' s
1258. really? no same old oh mum did i tell you mum and dad have booked a family holiday? no yeah mum and dad have cos they turn sixty this year they wanted to do a big family holiday with everyone you know grandad with the kids and probably her guy if there ' s a new guy on the scene? there is a new guy i ' ll tell you about this in a minute
1267. make yeah but no more so hopefully we can both go home and get well no you ' ll be going home i won ' t be you ' ll get a few hours with your maybe with your family? that ' s the plan and then hopefully i ' ll get a few hours with friends yeah hopefully you can get a good few hours and then hopefully when or or whatever comes over in october yeah i
1268. save a little bit you could take it for your lunch friday erm probably not no i ' ve got a bit of a hectic day on friday bit worried that i ' m going to my family at the weekend when i need to be studying studying yeah but then i guess i can study on the train can i? i mean i can at least read a book yeah will you be taking your?
1269. want to treat you because they want to make you want to come home ah can ' t think about leaving yet cos they wanna show you how easy it is to be at home and how your family can help you out and all that kinda stuff i reckon there ' s an insidious plan afoot mm i dunno hello do i wink or something? shall i winkle it out with my
1274. ' t i hate it it gives you more attention i hate it and you like attention well why can ' t he come? he ' s away for the weekend running? no i think the whole family are away somewhere i could tell you if i looked it up on my phone but i can ' t be bothered oh right but he ' s erm so i said perhaps i could try and arrange another
1276. sound i think what you ' ve got but you sound to me completely usual what you ' ve got to do well i you should ' ve recorded me on saturday nights sitting with my mum ' s family yeah and you can tell they were all speaking that style a th using the dialect and missing the thes out that ' s right yeah and they were i said after a while i said you know it
1277. then but they don ' t actually use that now because oh yeah they they lost it at grammar school you see oh right yeah yeah but i but you ' d have to bring my mum ' s family home who who stayed in the east of sheffield east of sheffield what did mm say the other night he said something like ey up how ' s tha? but something more complicated said what? ey
1278. game similar to it than um a and the other very good thing about it of course um is is the fact that you can find people on there that you really wanna get in touch with mm either family members or friends mm that you ' ve lost touch with this is true this is true and it ' s so much easier than say it was and you might not have been able to do that at all
1284. like staying home alone it ' s staying home alone it ' s like nothing really you ' re just gonna like home alone two? just like go to bed ones ones ones or girlfriend ones or like family ones family ones you know like did you just just make that up? you mean like s it means like stuff? stuff yeah ones that ' s what i said categcategories of stuff like
1285. home alone it ' s staying home alone it ' s like nothing really you ' re just gonna like home alone two? just like go to bed ones ones ones or girlfriend ones or like family ones family ones you know like did you just just make that up? you mean like s it means like stuff? stuff yeah ones that ' s what i said categcategories of stuff like ones but
1291. his house for christmas yeah that was muthat was much later like just yeah and then yeah see i hear the reverse stories like what? well llike he invited her for christmas and like his family put her up and then she asked for the train ticket money or something get you own back probably yeah exactly that ' s what i mean like i i ' m not saying like maybe that ' s the
1292. was the right thing to do because i was in an abusive relationship oh god that ' s so interesting i didn ' t want my daughter to abuse be abused so i killed him wow to save our family and it was also a self - defence thing so actually ' s mum was one of the people that went to see her and analyse her for the first time and she said erm that ' s
1298. very brave to be like doing all that shit anyway i mean that ' s if you ' re like if you ' re brave enough to like fly across the world on your own when none of your family want you to do it fair just go and see something just like fucking do it fair fair fair fair the worst part is getting the flight yeah erm can i ask you a question? walking around what
1300. seem to have decided everyone needs a little balcony certainly some nice houses quite a few around here need to cut something out something out yeah getting too tiring we wanna be able to spend more time with family and you know not have to work everything around when gigs are happening happening i think the entrance is down here do you have to meet? think it ' s down here so it ' s not just the
1302. it ' s fine with family and stuff but yeah yeah if we ' re travelling with friends and things they ' ve got to start walking or up their pace a little bit so tell me about your family then so there ' s you and what a couple of brothers? yeah three brothers all older erm so so you were the much wanted daughter daughter yeah really ah my mum er my mum said i think
1303. set them free yeah not to keep them sit and watch them sail away or something like that ah yeah but isn ' t it supposed to be that girls stay stay closer to home? stay closer to family yeah they ' re meant to be better at looking after their family yeah but maybe you kind of like you know maybe eventually were you a tomboy at all when you were young? i was yeah i
1304. away or something like that ah yeah but isn ' t it supposed to be that girls stay stay closer to home? stay closer to family yeah they ' re meant to be better at looking after their family yeah but maybe you kind of like you know maybe eventually were you a tomboy at all when you were young? i was yeah i was quite badly as a as a small child i didn ' t
1305. was younger i wonder how i wonder how erm nervous he ' d be about you meeting her now yeah i ' d like to meet her of course oh she ' d love you and the whole family yeah definitely i don ' t know what erm all of the children er loo ah i don ' t know how you ' re going to manage it or what what your thoughts are on all of
1307. you went back home before coming here did you kind of get into a few tv programmes or was it catching up with your friends? and oh i was just catching up yeah and er with friends and family erm that ' s yeah i bet they were all pleased to see you yeah it was nice had a couple of nice family days out with the nieces and nephews oh that ' s good poor
1308. ? and oh i was just catching up yeah and er with friends and family erm that ' s yeah i bet they were all pleased to see you yeah it was nice had a couple of nice family days out with the nieces and nephews oh that ' s good poor things i was only back i think a week and a half before we moved so it wasn ' t it was just long enough
1309. back through brighton after a job interview in chichester and the other one came up last saturday from london cos london ' s quite close mm so it ' s already paying off being around yeah friends and family so did it kind of feel like you ' d just saw them last week yeah as opposed to i haven ' t seen them for a few years? yeah it ' s does it yeah it was those
1310. it i ' ve got it up on the kitchen door and i kept taking pictures of them places yeah yeah so it ' s those three girls so whenever we see each other it ' s like seeing family or something there ' s no yeah it doesn ' t matter even though we ' re all really bad at keeping in contact whilst we ' re apart but i think that ' s the same with er it
1315. so how old is your dad? he ' s seventy this month is he? yeah oh gosh the youngest isn ' t she out of four children that ' s how he managed to have another family before he met my mum he ' s quite old so do you still see those brothers and sisters? no well it ' ll not is that and that lot? yeah yeah no i don ' t think
1326. i brought nothing i was absolutely useless no pyjamas i ' ve got moisturiser in my bag if you want to use mine and no hand cream nothing hello jay yeah you ' re family are here today jay slept on my in my nook all night he erm while dad was here with he said he kept meowing at me imagine dad doesn ' t have a clue does he?
1328. advantage of not having a facebook account yes i don ' t think it ' s something that really appeals to me i think if i want to tell a friend something or if i want to tell my family something then i ' d rather meet them and tell them personally mm or tell them over the telephone rather than just put it out there and then you have to er look on the facebook account if you find
1329. er look on the facebook account if you find out if i ' ve got any news to tell you yes but er some might say it ' s a way of keeping in contact with perhaps your extended family or friends yes that you haven ' t met for a long time yes or maybe some people are are more private than others unless i suppose it ' s because it ' s a reflection of individual personalities yes
1330. meat but you think that i ' m fussy and everyone that i know thinks that i ' m not fussy so maybe you just eat absolutely everything yeah i i do eat um i think your family were surprised that i was fussy and and whereas like in my family i ' m the least fussy maybe mo yeah really? the least of the whole lot? well what is it that i don
1336. girl is the next door neighbour and in the second or third book mm wait let ' s say there ' s a like really old next door neighbour and when they move out they like to see their family more mm cos they ' re quite old and they can ' t really do many visits uhu and then she moves in like to get closer to get like further way from school so he she has
1339. ? is that where he is dubai that ' s where he is i she was iranian? if sh she is if she goes if she leaves the uk she ' ll go back to iran where her family are right? anyhow how meanwhile she ' s in living in the teams with erm the lovely boy he ' s a lovely boy oh is he or how ' s he getting on? no no
1341. ' ve thought that that like those lazy socks as well do you know those? wouldn ' t wouldn ' t a sort of peasant baby be less likely to have uh like clo clothes that its family had made i mean i dunno but maybe it ' s just at home like maybe it ' s just like in sunderland like some of the babies like you know you see tiny babies with ears pierced for
1342. m not sure uh but i suppose julian cos they did like a stage show julian barratt ' s um julian barratt ' s obviously busy with something else maybe maybe he ' s got a family or something or he ' s just bored of uh just bored of noel fielding i don ' t know uh they ' ve got like a s they had like a stage show didn ' t they? they
1346. tell people? i ' d like not to tell you why? because i don ' t know you no see that ' s fair enough yeah why won ' t you tell me? because only my family that does it like this oh really? yeah oh okay fair enough then oh that ' s cool it ' s like a family thing it is mm she does well whatever is in those spring rolls she uses
1348. ? oh no thank you i ' m just no? thank you very much for the first one alright we don ' t drink it no never touch it mm it ' s only in for friends and family we went to erm where did we go? what? when? oh yes on friday and we went in the cafe and they h we ' d er just had er baked potatoes i had praw
1350. to my friends and we swap it for like other things that we need basically yeah yeah and he said and then what do you do? he said well then i he said spend the afternoon with my family and then he said and then what do you do? he said well in the afternoon i in the evening i go out with my friends and we go to a little house and we have a singsong
1351. what will you do? he said well when then what should i do with all this fish? said oh go to the restaurants and do what? buy a big house and what for? put your family in it okay and then what would i do? he said well then you ' d have be able to retire he said you wouldn ' t have to go out he said and then what would you do
1352. said well then you ' d have be able to retire he said you wouldn ' t have to go out he said and then what would you do? he said then you could spend time with your family and your friends already do that that ' s what i ' m saying yeah that ' s the moral of the story it ' s what would you do with all this money? why do you want all
1353. because well it this point is what do you really want in life? yeah what do you really want? do you wanna be working your butt off? do you really wanted to relax be with his family and relax with his friends and enjoy himself and fishing is fun right? that ' s what he was doing fishing is fun yeah at the moment yeah because it ' s not overwhelming look i think dune bug
1360. they were yes he had a mess of a life he was in a me and he suddenly got but his whole life ' s been like that by the sounds of what he was saying yeah there were family issues as well i think yes but he ' s so nice i was absolutely absolutely amazed when i found out come out of it really really well we need to do something with how are my chillies?
1366. sleep swims away and then she ' s like i ' ve remembered something important and then she forgets it and then she remembers again and then she forgets and then remembers mm mm hm my family i ' ve gotta find my family i didn ' t quite get it ah but there ' s a trailer ah and i only re i only found out like two days ago that ellen degeneres voices
1367. ' s like i ' ve remembered something important and then she forgets it and then she remembers again and then she forgets and then remembers mm mm hm my family i ' ve gotta find my family i didn ' t quite get it ah but there ' s a trailer ah and i only re i only found out like two days ago that ellen degeneres voices dory did you not know?
1370. doesn ' t really speak to her mum she now lives in like a bedsit that the council obviously gave her like i ' m not being funny this is all a bit fucking yeah i want a family like do you know what i mean? yeah like it was all a bit fucking seeing a psychopath yeah and i think that she ' s gonna but she knew i knew she was fucking bullshitting because
1371. his dad ' s first marriage and then he ' s got who was his mum and dad ' s okay so yeah he ' s got four brothers and then obviously he ' s got shit loads of family and like cousins and stuff like that so they ' re all like very italian has he is got a another younger brother then? ' s his younger brother so is he one of four? so he '
1372. so is he one of four? so he ' s got three or ye oh yeah he ' s one of four sorry not four brothers mm so yeah but it is weird like they ' re so family orientated as well like it ' s so fa they ' re so family orientated like it does get overwhelming at times yeah i can imagine because i think that i am very i ' m i '
1373. oh yeah he ' s one of four sorry not four brothers mm so yeah but it is weird like they ' re so family orientated as well like it ' s so fa they ' re so family orientated like it does get overwhelming at times yeah i can imagine because i think that i am very i ' m i ' m although i ' m really family orientated or i ' m also you
1374. s so fa they ' re so family orientated like it does get overwhelming at times yeah i can imagine because i think that i am very i ' m i ' m although i ' m really family orientated or i ' m also you ' re not that yeah very much about my friends so sometimes i do find it weird like i ' m sitting there on a sunday that sounds so sketchy though
1378. the army boot camp takes like twelve weeks or whatever it is you get a holiday or do you just have to go straight into it? mm i think they give you a holiday to like kiss your family goodbye i mean you will come back presumably you know mm cos maybe that would be perfect time for eighteen thirties crazy holiday ooh naked holiday naked holiday basically yeah cos i really want to do this
1389. two people cos she doesn ' t seem like that like i ' m just her annoying daughter who just drives her up the wall all the time all the time to be honest like yeah all my family talk about with me is their prob well my problems and yeah ask me what ' s going on in my life i know same like but and when they ask what ' s going on like they always
1392. like like like for fun kind of just going there for like once in a lifetime sort of thing but erm no i wouldn ' t i wouldn ' t wanna i wouldn ' t wanna raise a family there or or anything like that which no that would be too much mm i did a vole again ah dear i wonder if there was any yep we ' re all hooked on this now first it was
1393. is it? yeah oh it says nine to eleven minutes oh so ten minutes wasn ' t a bad guess mm it was not oh how am i gonna be able to afford to buy presents for my family this year? how? how? i dunno like usually i we don ' t i don ' t do big things for like my parents and my siblings i just i get stuff for them but it
1396. to heaven but you know and the the godparents are there if something happens to the parents okay but you were in singapore right? you didn ' t er you know you didn ' t have family or friends around oh we had friends yeah the no the godparents were friends we had family my sister was out there oh really? my brother was out there yeah okay did they put on a buffet
1397. okay but you were in singapore right? you didn ' t er you know you didn ' t have family or friends around oh we had friends yeah the no the godparents were friends we had family my sister was out there oh really? my brother was out there yeah okay did they put on a buffet afterwards? yes were you doing it for the sandwiches? happy from the font as well and curry
1398. was the irish side now that doesn ' t mean to say i mean i love the irish just the irish this is it ' s sounding dreadful you know you see i never get er like ' s family they can be kind of funny and distant mm or mm i mean i bumped into mm his brother mm his other brother whom i ' d never met at a par is this the one with five children?
1400. the sort of stuff that er er but i think they you know people do like their territories and er that that ' s quite revealing in a way cos it cos even though his uhu family are very nice i think they they would feel too uncomfortable cos it ' s kind of would be my territory and me cooking on christmas they just right wouldn ' t be able to relax right right right
1402. and erm but these can change if well as well cos er and i was i think i was just terribly naive i think yeah you know cos i i ' d grown up with my family and my yeah family came from you know it wasn ' t quite top drawer enough for them either mm in one way mm but i mean i think that ' s cos was too young mm you know
1403. these can change if well as well cos er and i was i think i was just terribly naive i think yeah you know cos i i ' d grown up with my family and my yeah family came from you know it wasn ' t quite top drawer enough for them either mm in one way mm but i mean i think that ' s cos was too young mm you know erm but they
1411. like they they they speak everything they ' re part of the family yeah pretty much like most of them are brothers like they but they are family if you know what i mean like be like surrogate family yeah yeah but that ' s a shame mm but he just says i ' m too annoyed all the time at him but want to go to leg through the legoland cos it ' s mm down
1413. like not when but not when you come to yeah cos it doesn ' t exist yeah like you know that because you grew up and you grew up in like you you know you had friends and family i agree and blah blah blah that like work in those industries like people from yeah like fucking or or like they won ' t they have no comprehension of that whatsoever like i didn ' t meet anyone that
1417. it feels but you ' re dreading the next day like yeah you kinda don ' t want it to end but it ' s also really tedious you do yeah what did my what did my family do on sunday? i dunno we have we have sunday lunch pretty much every week yeah yeah and my aunt and my gran comes to that so that ' s always quite entertaining mm cos she always
1419. sort of the least child - friendly place yeah and she ' s taking so many photos on her big expensive camera which i presume she ' s gonna put on facebook and show all her friends and family you know how what a nice mother she is is this the polish yummy mummy equivalent? yeah uh i just no oh well i have a s just makes me a bit sad i have an old school
1420. ##m for a month and a lot of them come for a month five thousand pounds wow no discount for doing extra? no discount for doing it longer no crikey some of them send a whole family you can have three or four kids from the same family yeah i guess if money ' s no object then why not? but imagine having and it ' s i mean it ' s not throwing away money
1422. day and give them the gift but also strange wedding anyway oh was it? yeah because they don ' t have any money so they ' d u organised this wedding they ' d only literally got their family and the best man in the day and their friends invited at nighttime and said rather than giving us a gift like can you we had to bring food so we all oh really? oh that is a strange
1424. kind of normal i didn ' t want to sit round go oh mm because we had a chap ninety - three years you know? fifty - odd years of happy marriage yeah lovely career yeah yeah family home great children grandchildren mm nothing really to be sad about no nothing no no at all nothing to be sad no lived completely independently till the end mm you know so absolutely yeah yeah everything to celebrate so we
1425. ' s more out in the country so we don ' t know if that ' s why but he said you know? how how many people do you think will be there? will it mostly be family? yeah because they ' ll all of his friends have already gone have they i suppose we ninety - three well yeah i mean there ' s some neighbours mm that yeah will come and there are maybe some
1427. else mm and erm anyway she did win and and did very well out of it but she now erm is an advocate for people who you know have got problems with their o elderly parents or family in hospital she she ' ll turn up and help them fight for what they want for that parent or or relative and she ' s such a worker so you know? ' s got a woman he goes
1428. away mm and er then another snub came at the reception there was basically er two er groups there was the group where the the love is you know from the the sitcom mm and friends and family er from the other two families and er was er not asked to sit at the head table oh that ' s stupid isn ' t it? yeah i know i know yeah yeah and it really got to
1430. but it ' s not uncommon is it? you often hear about family feuds and you know somebody ' s not speaking to somebody else for years yeah you do i mean everybody has yeah everybody has family problems but usually in that situation if he wasn ' t gonna be accepted as as her father he wouldn ' t have been invited to the wedding you know i mean would he? i mean it ' s
1432. came it was too late no it ' s a terrible thing yeah what a horrific thing to do yes that would erm i mean f er if life really is that bad okay disappear somewhere tell your family you ' re going on holiday and then just disappear or something just disappear yeah yeah you know what i mean? don ' t do it in front of them no and you could even do it in such
1436. weird it ' s just so weird and like yeah i and i can ' t imagine that you know so she for sixteen years she ' s been down living in cos her husband has got a family old family business there mm that ' s where they ' ve spent their life and she ' s brought up her kids that way mm and her whole life ' s been about bringing up her kids and being
1440. rehab had him in her house i know you know she ' s not gonna do that again no she gave him three strikes and he blew all of those yeah you think she ' s got her own family to worry about she can ' t have him upsetting huh no huh so they give him a chance it was his birthday on sunday all of them took cards round mm you know he went to got drunk
1441. think i think er probably would ju certainly taken him in and she certainly is the one to deal with his his mania on a day to day basis so yeah and you think she ' s got a family of her own it probably does put quite a lot of strain on it does her and ' s relationship i ' m sure it does so huh yeah it ' s just er i mean he ' s it
1443. it is for everybody you know you have to go via it ' s the hub oh regardless of where you ' re going so i ' ve got a colleague oh right who ' s teaching french his family is in which is the west we ' re in the east yeah so he has to fly to take another flight to oh god it ' s like three flights isn ' t it? yeah well two flights
1445. ' t want one well never did did he? he wants to just go out with his friends and i said that ' s fine i didn ' t want one just take em out saturday night yeah family some of the family i said do you want to have one in the house? i didn ' t want we ' ve got so much going on at the moment no yeah yeah it ' ll be nice
1446. well never did did he? he wants to just go out with his friends and i said that ' s fine i didn ' t want one just take em out saturday night yeah family some of the family i said do you want to have one in the house? i didn ' t want we ' ve got so much going on at the moment no yeah yeah it ' ll be nice though going up for
1447. ' ll be nice though going up for this meal oh yeah it will it ' ll be lovely yeah they ' re all looking forward to it yeah i ' m just taking and me sister and their family and nice mm them and and that ' s all where are you going? oh at?? it ' s nice in there ain ' t it yeah yeah we ' re going there mm yeah ' s
1454. did you meet up again then w w as you weren ' t stopping? cos we all to go for the last part cos they have like a family reunion section right sadly none of my family were there at reunite with me but erm your mother she yeah your mother went she went to she went to liverpool this morning god erm so had agreed to meet us at the z because you were
1460. last year i had a lady who told me she was pregnant before the end of the tri first trimester she hadn ' t told her friends woah she hadn ' t told you know her extended family but then she lost the baby so ah shit i know so i think she sort of i don ' t know whether she regretted telling me but then she had to tell me about it yeah and that was
1470. dubai and the first thing he says to is get your do do why don ' t you start doing that? have a look into it and that ' s his that ' s his girlfriend ' s family doesn ' t take far for people to think well yeah i ' ll do that those people that are your friends like it wouldn ' t if if i found that was doing something that was really good i
1471. needed oh i ' m just saying er a big worry of hers is that if herself his sister was having a bit of a tiff a bit of an argument with or even his mum or some family member will completely blow it out of proportion and pull away yeah would ' s girlfriend would s would say don ' t bother speaking to them again cut them off hundred percent because she ' s that cold and
1473. and that obviously that could result in him being splitting the family up put in that predicament that sort of ultimatum definitely babe yeah and it ' ll it ' ll split him up from yeah his family cos she ' s she ' s that cold whereas like a normal isn ' t stupid decent girlfriend isn ' t stupid she kn they she knows what yeah ' s always known it as well to be
1474. yeah but come on now you ' re adults you ' re not in school any more are you? you ' re not he ' s yeah but we love each other and oh yeah she knows my family her f his family hates her yeah she knows my family that ' s that ' s that ' s not good yeah your family don ' t actually like her yeah your friends your family oh see that '
1475. now you ' re adults you ' re not in school any more are you? you ' re not he ' s yeah but we love each other and oh yeah she knows my family her f his family hates her yeah she knows my family that ' s that ' s that ' s not good yeah your family don ' t actually like her yeah your friends your family oh see that ' s a bit embarrassing
1476. re not in school any more are you? you ' re not he ' s yeah but we love each other and oh yeah she knows my family her f his family hates her yeah she knows my family that ' s that ' s that ' s not good yeah your family don ' t actually like her yeah your friends your family oh see that ' s a bit embarrassing i think yeah yeah you know like
1477. ' s yeah but we love each other and oh yeah she knows my family her f his family hates her yeah she knows my family that ' s that ' s that ' s not good yeah your family don ' t actually like her yeah your friends your family oh see that ' s a bit embarrassing i think yeah yeah you know like all his friends think that she ' s you dunno what my friends
1478. she knows my family her f his family hates her yeah she knows my family that ' s that ' s that ' s not good yeah your family don ' t actually like her yeah your friends your family oh see that ' s a bit embarrassing i think yeah yeah you know like all his friends think that she ' s you dunno what my friends think of you pal mm yeah she just yeah it '
1479. all his friends think that she ' s you dunno what my friends think of you pal mm yeah she just yeah it ' s kind of awkward isn ' t it? yeah and especially when your family don ' t like her yeah i mean they obviously do in a way yeah but they ' ve all got their erm opinions that he shouldn ' t spend the rest of his life with her yeah i
1480. i i know it ' s no probably i ' m not being able to understand his position but i do know that that i that that ' s what he struggles with but you know with a supportive family behind him and us you know suggesting things and i know er you know the support the thing is necessarily might not be there he can ' t he can ' t the the the problem has always been with
1484. living in an affluent place she inherited money she ' s the last person in the line mm um that ' s that ' s exactly what happened with her i mean well it ' s nice to have family to leave it to you but yeah you know well you know yeah i ' ll just have to wait and see what happens really i mean er the good thing is i like my job no i wouldn '
1485. place to live i mean yeah and that ' s the thing as well is i don ' t know if i d you know necessarily this is the place that i want to be but mm all my family are here but that ' s neither here nor there really i could i could move away you cou of course you could i ' ve got friends everywhere so that ' s not a sticking point yeah i
1488. hot sex and i just googled sexy animals maybe i should actually google that sexy animals sounds great she like named all of the rats after cos she doesn ' t really like her dad or his family like they ' re all a bit weird and like not very nice so she got these like rats and she ' s like she named them all after the family so there ' s like doubles of everyone co
1490. like rats and she ' s like she named them all after the family so there ' s like doubles of everyone cos there ' s so many rats so yeah now you ' ve got your own family and then except for the very youngest one of all which she calls sorrow cos he ' s last very sweet cos they ' ve all got like three or four rats named after them do you know
1493. s learning how to cook and he ' s learnt how to clean he can be a house hubbie so he can look after her has he got a womb as well maybe they can start having a family? having a family he can take off yeah no they ' ll want to get married i think but mind you they haven ' t spent they ' ve been together for five years but of that time there
1494. cook and he ' s learnt how to clean he can be a house hubbie so he can look after her has he got a womb as well maybe they can start having a family? having a family he can take off yeah no they ' ll want to get married i think but mind you they haven ' t spent they ' ve been together for five years but of that time there ' s three of
1496. an em insurance company in london and he ' s got a thing about going into insurance cos they want they got married in september and they want to go back to the states to atlanta where her family are but and there ' s big insurance business there erm so the sort of thinking was if they both got jobs in insurance over here they ' ve then got some experience mm but insurance he ' s
1497. he was their chief surveyor and he can ' t find a job i spoke to mum yesterday and she said he ' s just tearing his hair out because he ' s he ' s not got a family or anything fortunately he ' s single but he just he ' s not even got any replies to the letters that he send off she said it ' s just soul destroying crikey is he looking just
1498. to go there and then there was like and then so i didn ' t really have much choice and then i because i ' m f like i know anyway so might as well i ' ve got family there and stuff i knew i kind of like ignored and so i just decided between those two but like i don ' t i remember sitting in like my friend ' s living room with like thousands of like
1500. ' ll be two left yeah i love chaos not the chaos but i love a like a buzz in the house yeah yeah that ' s nice yeah we we don ' t like why like my immediate family is quite small there ' s i ' ve just got my brother but then we ' ve always got family around so it ' s just mental yeah yeah yeah yeah that ' s good though yeah like you
1501. house yeah yeah that ' s nice yeah we we don ' t like why like my immediate family is quite small there ' s i ' ve just got my brother but then we ' ve always got family around so it ' s just mental yeah yeah yeah yeah that ' s good though yeah like you seem to s go up north quite a lot as well to see them yeah yeah i think i think just
1503. all together anyway but even just like a few of us at a time but most of them are in so they a lot of them see each other anyway yeah do both your are your mum ' s family and your dad ' s family in or is it? yeah mostly apart from one of my mum ' s brother brother ' s is in new zealand and then my dad ' s sister is in in and
1504. like a few of us at a time but most of them are in so they a lot of them see each other anyway yeah do both your are your mum ' s family and your dad ' s family in or is it? yeah mostly apart from one of my mum ' s brother brother ' s is in new zealand and then my dad ' s sister is in in and like two of my mum '
1505. well mm and they went to work and it was as if they had a different life there mm that they could have the freedom to do whatever they wanted and then they went home and they had their family life and it was very very two very separate things and their wives were not aware of involved or aware they were just like at home being you know a nineteen fifties housewife really and then there were some
1510. all of his work that er was due to be shipped out has been ruined so obviously that ' s not good is it? oh god and so close to christmas as well i know there was this family that posted on facebook looking for a erm house to rent yeah because their son ' s in hospital with cancer and he can come home now for christmas but they don ' t have anywhere to live so
1513. oh lovely erm and we ' ll g walk round the grounds and stuff so it ' s really nice nicer than being at home to be honest yeah yeah cos i have such a small family but it ' s nice for you with the girls isn ' t it? yeah but i don ' t have that so well i don ' t it ' s lovely being at home but my mum just
1522. s where a lot of my energy was when i was younger was looking after my mum yeah she was a complete fuck up and i don ' t i don ' t i ' ve got my own family now i don ' t wanna yeah but it ' s that pressure you know? yeah yeah my i mean my parents aren ' t ill mm at all you know they ' re both active but i kind
1525. that was fair like yeah yeah i don ' t think i ' ll get anything from my my grandmother i mean i invited her to our wedding party but i didn ' t invite her her daughter and family cos they ' re a bunch of thieving fuckers man i mean her like my auntie ' s husband who ' s a well he plays what ' s he play? he plays trumpet or
1531. s he ' s doing alright he ' s got he ' s probably got about twenty grand in the bank plus he ' s got two houses in plus he ' s that ' s getting his his family to wipe his arse when he goes back home i mean he he ' s got his flight ' s paid for from his sister who works for ba yeah and he ' s staying at rent free no
1532. enough you don ' t stay there long enough to be erm sorry? erm the phone is used for general use messaging keeping in touch with friends phone calls keeping in touch with erm my family erm internet access erm that ' s sort of just general what a general phone is used for it is a iphone five s sixty - four gigabyte erm it ' s the white and
1534. he wa then he was like oh he sai he said that he would drive us home and did he? that was nice it was an hour of his way oh no and he took us to his family but but that ' s incredibly kind yeah but he was and then he took us out yeah to his family and like introduced us to his entire family fancy that he didn ' t even really speak erm
1535. that was nice it was an hour of his way oh no and he took us to his family but but that ' s incredibly kind yeah but he was and then he took us out yeah to his family and like introduced us to his entire family fancy that he didn ' t even really speak erm very er any english at all but he was just talking the whole time like oh that ' s really nice
1536. his way oh no and he took us to his family but but that ' s incredibly kind yeah but he was and then he took us out yeah to his family and like introduced us to his entire family fancy that he didn ' t even really speak erm very er any english at all but he was just talking the whole time like oh that ' s really nice did he not want to be paid?
1540. that ' s unlikely you ' ll find that here erm mm who else? i ' m not asking a single professional person who can do me any good whatsoever so it ' s just friends and family oh yeah that ' s fine yes it ' s fine i think and ' s gonna make a pudding and oh what pudding is she gonna make? she ' ll probably make a tiramisu uh
1545. was so nice wasn ' t it? on the weekend it was lovely me and my friend we just literally went on like just a really long walk which was really nice with the dogs and yeah the family have been away so i had a free house that was really nice as well oh nice anyanybody come over? er no cos i literally it was so i i i know i was literally the
1546. so er i ' m so looking forward to it so are you in spain? are you going to spain? yeah i ' m hoping it ' s good who are you going with? er the family the fam the fam indeed and what ' s quite nice about that is that like don ' t need to worry like i literally won ' t take any make up i won ' t take like
1547. much fun that ' s the perfect i think going away on birthdays is a good call then you don ' t get stuck with all like you don ' t get stuck doing borings things or family things or having a really boring miserable day yeah yeah i don ' t want to so this is how i normally spend my birthdays so i hate them when is your birthday? tell me third of december
1549. a movie night yeah sunday i did nothing oh no i went round my friend ' s house and had dinner and then she ' s like my second mum she ' s like they ' ve known our family since i was born yeah so i went round hers for dinner and then came home and went to bed like that was my weekend no but i yeah nothing exciting that ' s that ' s perfect if you
1550. hard as i ' d thought it ' d be actually yeah like we were writing essays in it like in the first year and stuff oh wow obviously like really short essays like i love him and my family i have like two yeah brothers or whatever still it ' s like yeah all of the erm what are they called? symbols they ' re really i tried to like i did like a term of chinese
1566. don ' t know er i wanted to do like erm you know in malaysia i dunno if it ' s the same where you ' ve been but like erm my dad and all my family and everyone in malaysia basically uses like the suffix like la after everything like they ' ll always okay yeah they ' re always like erm oh no la like they ' ll always say la after everything and
1567. ' ve found a perfect topic i was kinda like i wanna go there and do my research yeah and then i started looking at flights yeah and then my whole afternoon just disappeared and you ' ve got family and everything out there that can put you up? mm yeah but my family are a bit weird they ' re all why are they weird? my auntie like a couple of them they ' re all
1568. do my research yeah and then i started looking at flights yeah and then my whole afternoon just disappeared and you ' ve got family and everything out there that can put you up? mm yeah but my family are a bit weird they ' re all why are they weird? my auntie like a couple of them they ' re all really religious why ' s it suddenly gone dark? zombie apocalypse yeah i know
1572. it for years erm mm they ' re so expensive so yeah if you do it abroad it won ' t be too bad well won ' t get anyone to come will i? mm all my family and then i think about the practicalities i mean i haven ' t seen my mum or my dad in the same room for ten years so i ' d to think about trying to get them together and
1573. the scene a little beforehand ah okay but i don ' t know the details i ' ve never really asked i ' d never be like there ' s no way of telling because i mean my my family gave me the impression it was my dad that was cheating cos like really? he started sleeping on the couch and like they were arguing all the time yeah oh god and in my head and they wouldn
1574. on the sofa? so yeah he was erm she kicked him out of the room and like all of this kind of stuff and like oh dear for grounds for divorce she had to basically convince my family that my dad was an alcoholic when he wasn ' t at all so my dad has no contact with the rest of my family now which is kind of sad yeah so oh dear and it ' s sad
1575. and like oh dear for grounds for divorce she had to basically convince my family that my dad was an alcoholic when he wasn ' t at all so my dad has no contact with the rest of my family now which is kind of sad yeah so oh dear and it ' s sad because he never had his own parents so he kind of just lost s s lost another family so i feel sorry for him well
1576. contact with the rest of my family now which is kind of sad yeah so oh dear and it ' s sad because he never had his own parents so he kind of just lost s s lost another family so i feel sorry for him well yeah and now his new partner is dying is dying as well he ' s he ' s not done too well with that no he ' s not well i mean out
1578. of parents parents yes yeah we are actually i mean yes yeah and she ' s got erm obviously her own mum her own mum and she ' s got her dad yeah and the dad ' s family yeah yeah so lucky i think yeah she ' s got all these she ' s going out to japan for oh is she? about ten days you ' ve got to go? to japan is er ye
1579. ? yeah and then the only other thing you have to do is there ' s a recording sheet that says i was at my house with and cross the box with some other people like my friends and family cross the box mm like a pro format mm mm you put in how many minutes the conversation lasted which you ' ll see from your mp3 file anyway and then you tick a few more boxes like was it
1587. lot of es episodes to catch up on where do you watch it? on the internet? yeah illegally illegally have you found it? there ' s been ten apple er oh erm abc? abc family mm it ' s american it ' s always american of course er oh oh i love criminals well i mean i don ' t love criminals i mean i love criminal shows exactly that ' s why i thought
1592. know oh he ' s smoking weed is he smoking weed? that ' s weed how do you know? cos he was smoking cigarettes before and now he ' s smoking a rollie and their family he ' s a rabbit in headlights isn ' t he? arrested that night good why doesn ' t he want his face being seen? i don ' t know is this recorded? yeah oh awesome i
1593. day like they ' re putting this on facebook and what about his mum and dad? what about his grandpar his grandparents? what about his kids? what about his wife? what about his other family? they ' re gonna get all they ' re all the ones who are gonna get shit for it just as much as he is he shouldn ' t be putting it on the internet not like that
1596. called like yeah is that near there or? it means the king ' s palace oh does it? yes yes i think yeah cos we i used to go on kind of hiking holidays with my family and that was one of the places but i couldn ' t i yeah that ' s right yes isn ' t it a rock rock climbing that ' s right yeah yeah yeah i used to do a lot
1597. a youth hostel yeah yeah yeah yes yeah is that round that area yes yeah ah i was right i ' ve never i ' ve never been to yeah it ' s really yeah well all all my family my father ' s family for hundreds of years come from a tiny village in north wales which is ex it ' s it ' s it ' s minute er even now mm and it ' s just on
1601. weren ' t for the if it weren ' t for the panic then she she wouldn ' t have got burnt d ' you know what i mean? i feel i feel very sory for her family and everything she wouldn ' t have been um she wouldn ' t have been decanting i really do i do feel sorry for her family and stuff cos it ' s you know it ' s
1602. mean? i feel i feel very sory for her family and everything she wouldn ' t have been um she wouldn ' t have been decanting i really do i do feel sorry for her family and stuff cos it ' s you know it ' s not very nice but at the same time like that ' s like you know safety like one oh one that if you ask me well it i
1603. i mean when you get two i mean like they they can ' t be unique in london mm no? about you know sort of you know the sort of young couple you know trying to start a family get a house together they got student loans to pay back yeah do you know what i mean? yeah it ' s awful and then council tax on top of it nothing yeah and then you got council tax
1604. then she come running up to me and give me the biggest bear hug of the lot didn ' t she? she ' s so yeah lovely yeah she is lovely that ' s good lovely girl lovely family er weren ' t they? mm yeah they ' re french yeah she is she is well her mother ' s french mm she came when she came over er to to england she had an accident or something
1607. s still buried there i think so yeah they liked covered it over haven ' t they? have they? oh aye yeah he ' s in scarborough isn ' t he? mm and he had no family? cos his mum obviously died there ' s a moral er thing as well and he did give millions to to charity and they disbanded his charity for what ' s the hospital? stoke ma stoke man
1608. ' t massively well publicised was it? dodgy dodgy dodgy oh that was yeah of course not they probably put a superinjunction on it oh there her fiance and the family asked the police not the reopen the investigation oh gee they got a call one night yeah that ' s weird if you had a family you ' re going to want to i always wonder like all the
1610. was acquitted of of jill dando ' s murder really? yeah in two thousand and eight i call him borge to save time borge yeah and er borgy porgy dando ' s family asked for the case not to be reopened maybe they did it but do you know what i mean like in america there ' s loads of secret files isn ' t there? about bits and bobs are
1619. mm at family events mm well erm and family events are sober in your family? yeah your family ' s different peter no our family is normal well his family ' s different in one direction my family is different in another direction fair enough another direction fundamental law relatives who don ' t see each other get together don ' t like each other so you need to drink i don ' t think maybe it '
1622. i thought that yes yes yes and yes it ' s a good one yes yes no is yes yes good so we ' ve heard from ah right and he ' s enjoying it with gr ' s family and he leaves tomorrow to go to mexico oh right and said the twins have put on weight oh that ' s good which is good news so five pounds six three mm so they normally put on an ounce
1623. and they didn ' t yeah i know just horrible really no i mean if i go home it ' s just it ' s returning to that and like it really doesn ' t but yeah and my family would eat you alive? they would just be yeah i mean i could deal with that cos i ' m i i i deserve it like i could deal with it if they were angry at me i
1625. go see star wars when it ' s out even though i ' ve never seen star wars before i ' ve never seen star wars it must ' ve been one of those things like i bet my family ' ll wanna go at christmas like just as a kind of going out for christmas thing i have to see what ' s on at christmas cos we usually go to the cinema yeah around that point i
1627. ' ve forgotten what her na she came bounding along and sat in front skype hello and i thought wow she ' s pretty confident because i don ' t know if my friends ' parents or family were on skype i don ' t thnk i would be bounding across the room just to say hello mm erm cos i don ' t like phones and things like that mm i like
1631. even if they do and they charge a lot less than the the best rates out there then you know that ' s how they they build their families up mm yeah but they haven ' t got a family like that would no i know mm they ' ve got some family that will help them but ray ' s been working every day hasn ' t he for the last? yeah he ' s working really hard
1632. best rates out there then you know that ' s how they they build their families up mm yeah but they haven ' t got a family like that would no i know mm they ' ve got some family that will help them but ray ' s been working every day hasn ' t he for the last? yeah he ' s working really hard i mean he ' s he ' a getting pretty decent money isn
1634. to see a job that i could love so much that i would be prepared to like put it first yeah cos i just get so much more satisfaction from my relationships from my friends mm from my family i get i get i er i get so much more from that than mm from going to work but yeah so i i think i find it hard to communicate with them on that level as well cos
1635. gonna be like this alcoholics are quite difficult to deal with yeah well anybody that ' s on a drug dependency is exactly and if it ' s especially if you know if it ' s a close family member you know mm yeah there and there ' s no rule book mm i think she sort of beats herself up about feeling a particular way and mm there ' s no rule book on how you ' re
1640. australian army and then erm we lived in two two parishes in and came back to england when i was seven oh right and that was quite hard for my mother because she ' d left all her family behind right cos the whole family had emigrated but not together she ' d gone separately erm so anyway that that ' s what happened and and we ended up in actually because my father had to look
1644. ##m hasn ' t been for a few years but he ' s coming this this year mm mm he went about five years ago i think with a friend they went snowboarding with the friend ' s family over in germany erm cos his dad had been in the forces and he knew somewhere there to go and they went and you know he he was snowboarding and had a good time so he said
1645. it wasn ' t that you watch downton abbey? i watch it with my mum okay? it ' s a bonding thing okay we watch it over christmas together well i forced my mum to watch family guy which she doesn ' t enjoy so i watched family guy last night my punishment was to watch downton abbey with her oh right okay well it wasn ' t really a punishment cos after i got
1646. i watch it with my mum okay? it ' s a bonding thing okay we watch it over christmas together well i forced my mum to watch family guy which she doesn ' t enjoy so i watched family guy last night my punishment was to watch downton abbey with her oh right okay well it wasn ' t really a punishment cos after i got over how boring it was i actually started to enjoy the
1647. one? er it just sort of happened through the season oh okay i don ' t i haven ' t watched any more and is er? i watched a bit here and there with cos her family watch it at christmas as well yeah so i just watched a few episodes but i ' m not i don ' t follow it mm intensively i couldn ' t believe it with that our one of our
1653. suppose it ' s better if you if you have your own little room room or or something or er get private healthcare like you get your your but that thing about the tv that ' s just your family to live in wi you know get your your family to live wi to stay with you so that you ' re not on your own yeah it ' s better i dunno if you can though i dunn
1654. your own little room room or or something or er get private healthcare like you get your your but that thing about the tv that ' s just your family to live in wi you know get your your family to live wi to stay with you so that you ' re not on your own yeah it ' s better i dunno if you can though i dunno it depends what you ' ve got but that
1657. spain? the thirteenth or this sunday not this sunday? mm oh it ' s a couple of days yeah are they gonna stay in a guest house or are they is she is he staying with her family or? i have no idea no she ' s a student isn ' t she? mm to be a doctor or did i make that up? no i made that up is it something like that?
1659. most people and is the same has an account that set up for him doesn ' t doesn ' t even carry his mobile phone on him most of the time but yeah not very up to date my family that ' s not necessarily a bad thing my mum ' s the most the most tech savvy of them all how ' s that? and she and she couldn ' t even open my computer she
1663. sit down and wanna take up more seats because there ' s more of them they look at you like you ' re in the way mm i had that this weekend i was on the bus and this family came and wanted to sit as a four and i was just sitting at the back of the bus and they kind of like looked like i was in the wrong place and it ' s like no i was
1667. but i haven ' t been doing any cooking so erm i bought a flight to for christmas or for just after christmas did you? yeah going on boxing day with? erm all all the family ' ll be there er are you selling it though? with me erm yeah i ' m just flying with me just me just flying on your own? yeah just with me erm er well yeah
1672. families oh oh no yeah yeah i don ' t think your families got nothing to do with you do you know what i mean? yeah i know exactly mm but yeah they have they interview all your family all of th your kids and between your two families now and yeah yeah that ' s true that ' d be good and your aunts and uncles mm yeah and your brother ' s got exactly they haven
1675. a bit like fuck it it ' s just stressful let ' s take this money and just go to africa oh but i ' m glad we didn ' t though it ' s good to see family and friends yeah yeah yeah no it ' s good and obviously you get to get your mas done yeah of course yeah yeah we ' ll join the club i know it ' s about that it ' s
1679. a lot of brothers yeah and which had mm and or something like that all these names er especially people that you ' ve not really met it is hard ' s got you ' ve a really big family as well yeah yeah ridiculously big family it ' s like they ' re breeding like it ' s coming out of action it ' s not that bad i think you know something that we don ' t
1684. table? yes i can always er i ' ll sit on your lap yeah no no no we ' ve got four chairs so we should be able to get round okay we ' ve done pretty well family sorted us out we ' ve got like stuff no no iit is really nice it ' s a very hodge podge kind of mm you know what? like bric - a - brac for
1685. she does but the more we got to know her unfortunately korea ' s a really bad place if you ' re an alcoholic cos you you don ' t have that support network of your friends and family to kinda maybe help you out mm so you kinda just get a bit lost or break and people come and go so they don ' t know the full extent of how much you are an alcoholic you know
1689. events while we were there did they shoot the missiles over japan while you were there? yup yeah we were over there oh that ' s oh yeah the entire testing like and then you get your family ring you up and worrying about you but then you that worry i would ' ve yeah who is the next one? yeah the m the media definitely well i like crazy fuck your crazy neighbour whatever yeah they
1690. to be self - assessed yeah i didn ' t know that mm so i tried to be self - assessed after a year they told me i couldn ' t be i had to go th get my family assessed so then they were assessing their partners who got nothing to do with me i don ' t know who they are and basically they ' re deemed that yeah because their partner they had enough money that but
1691. it ' s just miscommunication oh and shit on their part when we go travelling they don ' t believe us that we ' re not working so they send out loads of letters to our family and they ' re quite threatening letters all red like you owe us this all this they actually threatened us and something like this all lies just complete lies they ' re not real you haven ' t been paying
1692. yes and they put the word law in it company yeah yeah so it sounds yeah my friend ' s but they don ' t have the right to do anything but said recently but it still scared our family they were like ah we the bailiffs they ' ve been taken to court about it recently who? because it ' s unethical said that the oh because of this yeah yeah yeah so we
1694. s like attainable you know? you know i think my my dream is ireland anywhere in europe? yeah yeah we wanna go to ireland ireland is yeah i ' ve never been to ireland you have family there don ' t you? i ' m gonna live there no have you visited? no was good yeah are you from ireland? no no just my granddad ' s english but he moved out there
1695. - up thing erm i ' m not really that interested in it but my nephew really wanted to do it and so he asked if i would do it people get a lot of pressure from their family or friends to do it and that kind of stuff yeah mm and was really gonna get get to the core of you yeah yeah so i like i said i ' ve got no money cos so i
1696. my brother gave like twenty quid or something and that was it your brother did didn ' t he? i think your dad did as well didn ' t he? but the only person th my family was just laughing off the only person that wasn ' t family i think was you yeah yeah oh so we were very grateful ah that ' s okay there was a penny in there as well good bottle of
1697. it your brother did didn ' t he? i think your dad did as well didn ' t he? but the only person th my family was just laughing off the only person that wasn ' t family i think was you yeah yeah oh so we were very grateful ah that ' s okay there was a penny in there as well good bottle of jamesons yeah it was i ' m glad that you spent
1698. when you start getting tax more yeah and whatever you know he ' s twenty - eight he ' s crossed that line he ' s not gonna worry for the rest of his life no and like his family are obviously well off and stuff so and yeah yeah i feel maybe they weren ' t cos he didn ' t seem mm not like whatever but they definitely are like his eldest brother is a really successful
1699. do you like american dad at all? have you seen that one? i don ' t really watch it i ' ve seen a couple of episodes ah didn ' t we watch it when we were family guy sucks balls it ' s shit oh family guy oh yeah it ' s so yeah oh yeah i used to like family guy when i was younger but then it got too random mm and just wasn '
1700. you seen that one? i don ' t really watch it i ' ve seen a couple of episodes ah didn ' t we watch it when we were family guy sucks balls it ' s shit oh family guy oh yeah it ' s so yeah oh yeah i used to like family guy when i was younger but then it got too random mm and just wasn ' t mm funny american dad if you like south
1701. seen a couple of episodes ah didn ' t we watch it when we were family guy sucks balls it ' s shit oh family guy oh yeah it ' s so yeah oh yeah i used to like family guy when i was younger but then it got too random mm and just wasn ' t mm funny american dad if you like south park is not of the same calibre but getting there yeah no not
1702. really really probably he ' s getting over the americans yeah yeah yeah but it is yeah and taking the piss at the same time yeah yeah yeah it ' s it ' s on a different level to family guy i think mm i never got on with family guy probably it ' s it ' s a disaster yeah yeah his voice yeah it ' s really i oh so archer ' s voice is bob? it
1703. yeah yeah yeah but it is yeah and taking the piss at the same time yeah yeah yeah it ' s it ' s on a different level to family guy i think mm i never got on with family guy probably it ' s it ' s a disaster yeah yeah his voice yeah it ' s really i oh so archer ' s voice is bob? it is er oh shit yeah it ' s amazing oh
1706. i guess like the process yeah it ' s that you it ' s definitely hard though like living abroad ' s been tough sometimes like you wanna be there for your friends you wanna be there for your family and you can ' t sometimes no but i think that ' s just you lose your job that ' s just life though isn ' t it? really you can ' t always be there yeah mm just
1717. whole time and it ' s been nice ' s done a couple of recordings as well oh has he? mm hm did you tell him to? mm hm what ' s he done one with his family? mm i told him there ' s only two weeks left to get them submitted so he said he ' d got about an hour and a half so far it ' d have to be conversation it couldn
1722. comment not i haven ' t to my family but it was just an observation that said that every family is broken sta you start off with a you know if you get married and you have a family so you start off with a broken family because everyone ' s flawed and everything um it ' s just a question of how quickly you realize it oh what do you mean broken? gosh that ' s
1724. the feeling is that well he because it ' s broken well so he the guy was saying he was sort of so he was so i th so he said a lot of people say like oh my family was absolutely fine until my dad walked out or my um you know my marriage was really was great until i found out my wife was being unfaithful and there there ' s lots of these kind
1733. the stove the whole time and a glass of red wine and she ' s cooking and then she just like smokes her cigarettes so it ' s just like she ' s cooking for her friends and family? yeah it was very like it wit was very that kind of atmosphere home cooking erm but i don ' t know i guess they just kept sending and sending and sending stuff we didn ' t order
1735. life did you say? no the boys ' life that ruined the boys ' life oh ruined the boys ' life they ' re not even meant to look at women no that are not family and even family have we not are we done with the washing of our hands? yes i ' ll have a wash fuck off mm so this is the this is the grace and and it ' s about ten pages long
1741. oh dear what a thought oh dear my mum had a beautiful house which she rented out yoyonks ago this is a very very long while ago and she rented it out to a doctor and her family and his family from the north hospital very highbrow mm very very posh what we you would say they couldn ' t control their children whatsoever and the kids stabbed knives into all the furniture and carved
1742. a thought oh dear my mum had a beautiful house which she rented out yoyonks ago this is a very very long while ago and she rented it out to a doctor and her family and his family from the north hospital very highbrow mm very very posh what we you would say they couldn ' t control their children whatsoever and the kids stabbed knives into all the furniture and carved their names in
1745. want to see that one she ' s obviously i don ' t think she ' s erm offered to do anything for the christening because of that whole oh you ' re not inviting my whole family where you should think well you well her family are invited of course they are but it wa you know but they weren ' t originally oh and she obviously well only and you ' d invited and and yeah
1746. i don ' t think she ' s erm offered to do anything for the christening because of that whole oh you ' re not inviting my whole family where you should think well you well her family are invited of course they are but it wa you know but they weren ' t originally oh and she obviously well only and you ' d invited and and yeah exactly yeah i know and and her and and
1751. s older then yeah i won ' t be a teacher forever no i don ' t reckon i ' ll stick it out forever no way don ' t you think? it ' s not one for family and work life balance i don ' t think but you get all the summer holidays yeah i know but that ' s a massive plus oh of course but if you can get it down to doing less work
1758. just with a couple of adults but with a wide variety of adults that are able to teach them but isn ' t that what a family is? aunts and uncles and yeah you need a good family network so then again i look at my own life and think well you know i don ' t have a good family network i don ' t have well you a lot of people around i mean er the
1759. that what a family is? aunts and uncles and yeah you need a good family network so then again i look at my own life and think well you know i don ' t have a good family network i don ' t have well you a lot of people around i mean er the only way it would work is what? if i came and lived down the road from you mm because then you '
1762. in the way they see life and other people and expectations maybe obviously when it ' s just yourself you don ' t have anyone else to really think about okay you might you know you think about your family and you care about them blah - di - blah but you haven ' t got to support them and solely be the ones that look after them so your life is about what you wanna do and when you
1763. contact with mm with people numerous people a lot of people all the time but it ' s tou it is hard for people that don ' t wanna have children because they always have pressure from their family and even from their friends you er you i know you want me to have children and dad ' s made it very clear that he wants me to have children and it ' s i haven ' t put
1764. you know what i mean? i know especially when you ' ve had er a tough time as well yeah in life you just think they ' re the ones that why can ' t she have a family that she wants? yeah so desperately they ' re the ones that should have children yeah it ' s sad yeah it is mm and she ' s a lovely lady as i said because we have this plan
1765. s studying such and such and i ' m interested in that and you you have access to these families mm mm and you can go and live cos it ' s fair you know we do have family but you can ' t just go up and go and live with uncle or go and live with somebody else mm you can ' t do that mm mm they don ' t have room in their life for
1769. their childhood on drink i ' ll always regret it but this mother ' s day i ' ll be feeling like the luckiest best - loved mum ever i ' ve been to hell and taken my family there it feels incredible to have this second chance aw but she ' s sitting in a winch so might not er carry on with her booze i could have one of those for my penis a win
1772. what ' s happening where you ' re going to be and we ' ll see what happens unless could come in and do the trays the only problem is i think has booked a holiday with her family in the south of spain around that time right but again if nobody ' s here the fact that there are four cat trays sitting there isn ' t going to inconvenience anybody but mm i
1773. that one ' s a busy one there so wednesday is going to be busy but that ' s okay i can cope i can cope i mean are you still thinking of going to australia to visit the family or? we have to decide fairly soon what we ' re going to do um we have to make the decision because i ' ve got to find somewhere for nanny to go for the month that we '
1774. i ' m not absolutely sure but was it the woman who phoned the rescue centre to get them to come and pick them up or is it i don ' t know whether it was a concerned family member or neighbour or what i have no idea but eh it certainly looks a cute little thing little black cat yeah a little fluffy is it female or male? male yeah alright but could be female name too
1783. yeah it ' s er they ' re a lovely couple but has come over to see cos yeah it ' s hi his er niece erm and er all most of his the girls and their family have been over easter yeah but he ' s still he ' s still strong he ' s yeah? there ' s nothing weak about you know no really? except he can ' t stand up you know
1784. getting stronger a bit stronger yeah a lot stronger then she i can ' t she could say no i can ' t do this weekend i have mm mm i have an appointment or get i have my family well she knows she got enough notice she needs a job for another six years yeah but if she gives notice er mm i can ' t do the weekend no at so and so and so and so er
1788. the drawer yeah there ' s one there ' s two actually so there is oh look we ' ve got yeah we ' ve got those in oh nice we ' ve got a bunch of stuff our family do know how to equip us yeah pornographic ashtray handy isn ' t it? are we taking that out? you can ' t really find a house when you first move in unless you '
1790. s possible but erm yeah obviously i ' ll come up maybe the week before christmas yeah or the week after and then or the week afterwards christmas day boxing day christmas eve they ' re for your family they ' re a no - go no of course i ' m not expecting you to come but no yeah no i don ' t think they ' re expecting you to come up either erm bearing in
1791. ##zla lovely wonder where that came from no idea we gonna have another cigarette in a and a beer and a beer while that cooks there what ' s the time? when are you speaking to your family? i haven ' t got a set time thought they would ' ve called by now but they didn ' t so i don ' t know why cos my i ' m pretty sure my dad '
1792. good the first time people saw it though i guess well most people have seen it and it still looks good it looks excellent there ' s a few people that haven ' t seen it i guess your family is your mum interested or not really? mm sh i mean i spoke to her and this guy at plenty about it before we ' ve come back and it ' s you know it ' s kind of
1793. it ' s gonna be a weird weird yeah it ' ll be like godwin listen to that listen to the tape godwin i ' ll show you some later that i ' ve got of my family it ' s weird i ' ve got like five hours already they pay me pretty well to do it do they? yeah it ' s like eighteen pound an hour no that ' s alright to record no
1806. you ' re a very rich person or you enjoy shit loads of money then you can uh you know i suppose you can afford to live anywhere and good luck to you but when you ' ve got family responsibilities when you ' ve got you know like me i ' ve an ageing grandfather i ' ve got an ol old getting old mum and dad i have a family business and the thing is that i
1816. ? he he said it said erm nineteen eighty - nine oh fuck i misheard i thought you said eighteen eighty - nine no er looking forward to doing the blues i have dishonoured my family oh okay i ' ve dishonoured my family by wearing clogs shut up right er it ' s not this is my go it ' s your it ' s your go woo it ' s
1817. - nine oh fuck i misheard i thought you said eighteen eighty - nine no er looking forward to doing the blues i have dishonoured my family oh okay i ' ve dishonoured my family by wearing clogs shut up right er it ' s not this is my go it ' s your it ' s your go woo it ' s two oh i guessed right well done er shall i
1819. china you know you could you could you could easily fall foul of the legal system which is right not the legal system here right and this guy was put to death erm and his first thing his family knew about it was when the embassy rang them up and told em they they were they were optimistic he was coming out and then that makes then rresentful because they think oh they just think african
1823. you know what i mean really? they don ' t okay that ' s interesting it ' s kind of hierarchy yeah then i then i was thinking back cos i don ' t really have a family and i was thinking back to when i was younger and thinking when i met my cousins and there is a bit like that you know there ' s the the kind of the the the uncles and your aunt
1824. who ' s the kind of kids and you can speak to the next ones up slightly and there ' s all those weird relationships i don ' t have any cos i don ' t have any family but mm i suppose i dunno what do british people do? er it ' s fairly flexible like how to yeah i suppose we couldn ' t understand why you know i just call my aunts by
1827. did manage to it might have been once a week but it was only like one day yeah so there ' s that kind of you know but yeah no everything ' s good things are good like his family are now giving me books to read oh wow which is always good yeah so get er get in there with the family so they ' re all just lovely so yeah yeah no like we ' re just mo
1829. means that you can be healthier yeah and it ' s i ' m still kind of weighing up but it ' s difficult cos it ' s like if i had i dunno if my family were closer or if i was living with or if i were living with a really close friend that like you know saw er day in day out and had to deal with it and other people were really impacted
1830. like i think he he owed something like a million pounds to the revenue really? yeah and he he tri he tried pulling a a fast one by mo selling all his assets and moving it into his family ' s bank accounts you can still come downstairs no was chatting oh right we ' re not posh we ' re not like your parents oh i ' ve had the worst day of my life i '
1833. annoyed me being next to was when was in the room like wittering on about whatever well i had that with one of my flatmates erm she was from sri lanka and her parents and her family were like really really strict she literally had to ring every single one of the family members every single night and her mum ' d ring her at eleven o ' clock to make sure she was in bed like
1834. whatever well i had that with one of my flatmates erm she was from sri lanka and her parents and her family were like really really strict she literally had to ring every single one of the family members every single night and her mum ' d ring her at eleven o ' clock to make sure she was in bed like she was never allowed to go anywhere after nine o ' clock oh god she had
1835. like she was never allowed to go anywhere after nine o ' clock oh god she had to like she had to go in by nine and like she ' d have to ring every single one of her family members have a full conversation with them and she ' d be on the phone to like one o ' clock in the morning and get up at seven and start again like as soon as she woke up in
1837. do you think she ' s still engaged to him? oh yeah cos she ' s a bit silly i thi well i i she probably feels a bit isolated doesn ' t she if her family have walked away and the few friends that she had have walked away mm right i ' m gonna fall asleep standing up if i don ' t go to bed yeah i ' m gonna mm monday ' s
1841. the prize so they ate them all oh but the queen said i must be off with your head but i said erm queen of hearts erm it was my fault i didn ' t tell the family so that it was your fault you didn ' t it was my fault i didn ' t tell my family uhu and then she said imagine i want to use all the trees grow jam tarts oh
1842. said erm queen of hearts erm it was my fault i didn ' t tell the family so that it was your fault you didn ' t it was my fault i didn ' t tell my family uhu and then she said imagine i want to use all the trees grow jam tarts oh we could do a hopefully without pepper well we could do a without pepper baking tree with jam tarts for
1844. she we went round together oh and she so she was in a language course or was she working there? no she was an accountant so she was working in japan? mm and staying with a host family? mm sounds funny wh for how long? i don ' t know how she f found it she was very nice that lady and then and then em the first night i got there the landlad
1845. for many years oh many many years really? yeah mm but when you were younger did y you ever go back with your mum and dad? when you first i think we went back twice as a family i mean? we never went back as a family you never? no huh we only went back separately oh right went with my mum and dad but i ' ve never been there with my brothers oh wow
1846. mm but when you were younger did y you ever go back with your mum and dad? when you first i think we went back twice as a family i mean? we never went back as a family you never? no huh we only went back separately oh right went with my mum and dad but i ' ve never been there with my brothers oh wow that ' s interesting mm oh and em mm what
1847. because they ' re home aren ' t they? so they like to meet up every week mm hm because some of them are on their own aren ' t they? they haven ' t got any family yeah so for them it ' s more important cos i didn ' t think vanessa was that friendly to you? yeah really? which is fine you know i don ' t have to have you know
1848. it ' s always such a waste of money you know it ' s a waste of her collection money but then it ' s really nice and and her key clients at work she buys presents for their family and things with their money yeah she always buys really expensive cards and paper and they don ' t get presents? well they do get yeah they do but yeah well and it ' s just a big joke
1853. yeah? my uncle in australia and my cousin in america she had twenty - six stores at one point in america blimey mhm and where are you family from in australia cos my our family live out there as well? kind of all over the place but the majority of them are in oh yeah? the majority of the family live in or off the coast on a couple of islands out there
1855. working or holidaying? kind of yeah with my parents oh to find the beads yeah but that was like six years ago was the last time i went to australia haven ' t seen any of my family in six years uh - uh oh don ' t get the chance it ' s uh too expensive the flights over there and it is yeah my brother my brother always says oh are you coming to visit me
1856. racket sat down gone to sleep woken back up got off the plane and gone to work that ' s a good commute so i guess you didn ' t get to come over and visit your family much when you were living in france did you? i don ' t know whether it was a good thing or not they go over to you? yeah did they go over to you at all? yeah
1857. area and they could just come and stay with me for a bit and i might be going to nice at some point in the future i ' ve got a a friend well i was friends with a family a russian family when i was living in barcelona i was teaching them english yeah? and erm they were from uzbekistan and they ' d moved away from russia because they didn ' t he had a building
1858. could just come and stay with me for a bit and i might be going to nice at some point in the future i ' ve got a a friend well i was friends with a family a russian family when i was living in barcelona i was teaching them english yeah? and erm they were from uzbekistan and they ' d moved away from russia because they didn ' t he had a building construction industry uh
1859. laws you ' d be like yeah i live in england in a pub they ' d be like what? cut his hands off yeah but ah or in australia i mean i ' ve got all my family there i could go live with them and work over there but the thing is even there tax and everything has been hiked up over the past couple of years really? it ' s killing the country as
1860. punishment yeah you know a thirty pound fine to a multimillionaire is sod all no well i i agree with that yeah but to somebody living on the breadline it ' s whether his family goes hungry now there ' s a vast difference there isn ' t there? no well i agree with that yeah you know so but how you could implement it i don ' t see how it could work
1861. story going on in your head yeah that ' s it you ' ve gotta give everything a name yeah you know to it you associate it with so each card playing card is like a member of his family or one of his friends yeah and my brother came along and we went to my sister ' s house yeah and then and then the she got in her car and then we drove off to so and so
1862. be treated you know to have a house to live in and everything like that yeah with our count yeah whereas you go to these other countries and if they don ' t have the benefits and if their family can ' t support them then they have nothing mm absolutely nothing that ' s right and they have to work themselves out of that but they can ' t but that ' s it that ' s what people
1863. product against it blowing up and killing me you obviously didn ' t read the small print it ' s your fault yeah and that ' s only what it said in capital bold letters yeah yeah protect your family and home do you two wanna play categories in a bit? yeah okay yeah we ' ll have a go at that we ' ll have another round we ' ll have another round then does wanna play?
1873. it and you ' re knackered yeah erm but yeah so it ' s like i don ' t know i never do anything with it what can you do everyone ' s either with their family or you know i i don ' t think christmas they are definitely planning the wedding three weddings next year not getting married next year do you not think probably is oh god equally helps me erm you '
1877. making inroads into theatre which is impossible so i think he ' s doing really well starting places? yeah so difficult it ' s difficult yeah middle - class basis thing as in he does have family which supports him while he does it yeah yeah sure yeah he ' s abled to kind of not earn very much and he can ' t yeah looking because he ' s found yeah but his parents have
1878. purpose annoying me about that a caveat which says that placements before it ' s completed they forfeit benefits mm which yeah they could be really really badly treated yeah because you know to have a family emergency yeah erm i mean that ' s yeah that ' s it seems a bit you can see what they ' re trying to do with it but there ' s so many people just wouldn ' t
1880. it sounds awful but i don ' t know or in any case your mam let her be a part of it i might have to talk to ' s parents cos obviously it ' s their family holiday that they ' ve invited me on yeah but like circumstances like i ' m sure that might be a nice thing to do but i might even just like i so er it sounds awful saying this but
1888. like there ' s not that warmth there when she talks about like me and my pals mm mm like family we ' re all like family with the way is and things oh but erm s family was in d dublin just outside of dublin oh are they? so they didn ' t have any? mm no no i didn ' t realise he was outside of dublin yes it was i can ' t
1891. em what ' s it called? southend southend i was thinking southport? yeah it was either there or southend to do it for free as in could have afforded to do it and not have lots of family there so but no its em i ' m just really pleased that he seems happy mm excuse me sorry? i said excuse me excused i ' m not quite sure what for but cos i burp
1892. but there ' s nothing right with them either of course cos you ' ve had them before cos i ' ve brought some on holiday once mm it ' s funny but given it was your family that introduced me to wraps how your parents are eating them with knives and forks yeah they enjoyed them once we kind of when i said oh you know are you ready to go in a minute they were like
1893. neither here nor there and collies are fairly sort of people dogs yeah i ' m just having an image of those blue napkins i was presented with the first time i went on holiday with your family oh yeah it ' s a special car for special people now yeah i ' m glad that ' s joined and i ' ve had a chance to get to know him because apart from anything else it '
1894. an age? ' s little sister does it and she ' s like nine and she ' s technically too young but she ' s kind of like knows what she ' s doing cos all her family do archery as well well maybe cos all her face her family do archery as well yeah but with archery there ' s always insurance malarkey yeah mm well i say malarkey very important but
1895. like nine and she ' s technically too young but she ' s kind of like knows what she ' s doing cos all her family do archery as well well maybe cos all her face her family do archery as well yeah but with archery there ' s always insurance malarkey yeah mm well i say malarkey very important but you can you pour me some water please? yeah about erm
1897. drink drink it down good boy that ' s a bit better is going on his first road trip today where ' s he going? they ' re going to kent are they? yeah have they got family down there? to see er ' s friend lives down there oh right so they ' re going down there erm so yeah she ' s er looking forward to that a bit apprehensive on
1901. like what you ' ve been doing and you know? mm yeah yeah vaguely without going into much detail i mean did you tell them about? yes they asked me and i said i ' ve got family in dependants yeah erm so i expect they ' ll want to be able to well that take take people you might get child benefit well you don ' t know maybe if i can prove she exists
1904. don ' t this it ' s is this this feels like a weird concept to me to buy something in yeah yeah but then if i had like somewhere which is like er me and my friends and family would like to go to for the rest of our lives it ' s like remains like a you know? a nice home somewhere when you can get to it it ' s like makes a lot more sense
1905. you lose it if you still own a house? no you don ' t you don ' t but you ' d lose like if you just wanted to buy a house and it was yours and your family ' s you wouldn ' t yeah that ' s what i want erm if you were renting it out you ' d lose it you know? mm no but people see it as in like er
1924. that yeah whereas do you play lots of board games in your family? oh i am the board game queen really? cos then ah it ' s i feel a bit sad actually because like my family on christmas like my dad and my two sisters kind of rely on me to be the let ' s get everyone going let ' s play some games and i do have like a huge collection because i love
1925. do basically no way it actually happens and what and then they ' re people go through this? they ' re also their first conversations to be like hi is in front of all of their friends and family oh my god on both sides and it ' s like so what do you do? honestly and like everybody ' s there watching them and then and and they they have no choice like they have to get
1926. they have no choice like they have to get married? yes or or like i mean obviously you can always pull out ye but at that point when everyone has made the effort to be there your whole family are there everyone is dressed up they ' ve come to your fucking wedding you must be mental to go ahead with that right? i know but like you would have thought that people are just a bit insane
1928. like it ' s so tense cos you ' re like oh my god and you can see the groom is like oh so nervous just standing there the a stranger ' s like his wife ' s family are all there and he ' s like hi like saying hi to the mum yeah he meets the mum oh my god before he meets her no way oh my g and then the final episode is like the
1929. and said just wanted to know if you ' re still coming and he said oh sorry mate i forgot to let you know erm i ' m i ' m doing he said i ' m doing family stuff tonight on friday no work stuff till on friday and then i ' ve got a family thing on sunday so just text him back and he just said saturday is unaccounted for and he just
1930. i forgot to let you know erm i ' m i ' m doing he said i ' m doing family stuff tonight on friday no work stuff till on friday and then i ' ve got a family thing on sunday so just text him back and he just said saturday is unaccounted for and he just didn ' t reply oh yeah and then on s and then this is the thing with social
1944. brother over there have a look i said the one with the heavy eyelids i said there ' s no hope for me i ' ve got it in my mother ' s family and my father ' s family and like ' s got it here they really come out so there ' s no hope oh no yeah ah yes yes so yeah so when did your dad die then how long ago was it? oh oh
1983. many people have carers going on christmas day? i shouldn ' t think there ' s many no yeah there ' s gotta be some though ain ' t there? they ' ve gotta have their family on them haven ' t they? yeah cos they cos a lot of them have families and that around them i mean there will be some but then there probably will be some that don ' t
1985. years old oh this is a while ago though three weeks? do what they want did you hear about that that guy in manchester that fucked off? he was trying to fuck off to syria and his family yeah he here didn ' t he? is he? before he went to prison he was a teacher or something oh one of them one of them some of them where went oh yeah i did hear about
1986. to prison he was a teacher or something oh one of them one of them some of them where went oh yeah i did hear about he got what was it? he got arrested and stuff yeah his family like hid his passport and stuff fucking idiot like as if people are going to say to you oh right mate enjoy syria yeah yeah are we still going to the gym in the morning? i was thinking like
1989. do you miss spain? i miss the weather mm i miss the passion yeah but there ' s a lot of things that england has that spain doesn ' t yeah and it must be nice being around family and friends like and seeing them definitely all the time it is really nice another good thing about spain is that it ' s always there yeah ha yeah yeah i ' m trying to get in a little visit
1990. mm in the next year i reckon yeah oh well i ' d like to get married next year if i ' m honest really? yeah only cos i wanna i ' d like to start a family soon yeah cos i just think i don ' t wanna leave it too much later but i wanna get married before i have kids ah which i ' ve told him that so he knows that it has
1991. they ' re going to have a a whole week in this beautiful house that they ' ve rented in the country mm of just party cos it ' s over christmas as well yeah just getting his family cos he ' s french that ' s right yeah so they have to come from france and and her family are from all over the the british isles and ah friends keep it low key i mean er
1992. mm of just party cos it ' s over christmas as well yeah just getting his family cos he ' s french that ' s right yeah so they have to come from france and and her family are from all over the the british isles and ah friends keep it low key i mean er they ' re not is there not not gong to be like a sikh wedding or anything? there ' s going
1995. this house didn ' t they? i dunno it was a guy well is you know he ' s still the landlord oh okay but i don ' t know if he lived here alone or had family or what did he operate out of here? like did he have a doctor ' s surgery here as well? cos there was loads of weird stuff mm there was like somebody and then had this green
1998. guy called who was er the usher of the clerk of courts in umtali oh and we used to get stoned regularly he sort of a upper class chappy you know or at least his family were and erm er he was up in er salisbury as well and er he invited me round and that ' s another story but erm yeah er so er yeah i i had to stay up there
2000. like that isn ' t it? i thought it was that don ' t begin with an l no i know just now come to me it ' s i guess she ' s having it with her family well she ' s got a son and a daughter ain ' t she? think so might be three mm mm yeah didn ' t sound too good did it? really what didn ' t? mm how
2001. that far did he? that ' s true no mm yeah poor old and he ' s too young to have a hip replacement mm isn ' t that silly? when you ' ve got a young family mm and then i heard somewhere i don ' t know if you heard it as well that you ' re more likely to recuperate when you ' re older with a hip have no problems than you
2003. you should do a certain amount yeah without being paid for it yeah and and and the biggest nark we had was er we got family allowance and they thought that was for them they did you got family allowance that ' s enough that ' s that ' s money for us no it ' s money to buy you food and clothes she was quite young when she said that i can ' t i don '
2005. the winter well you don ' t have a par my birthday you ' re yes you ' re your birthday is in december on the twenty - eighth so you don ' t you do celebrate it with family and doing something to mark the occasion what? you went when you said family when it ffamily then f you you raised your eyebrows did i? yeah when you said family oh like this well i
2006. yes you ' re your birthday is in december on the twenty - eighth so you don ' t you do celebrate it with family and doing something to mark the occasion what? you went when you said family when it ffamily then f you you raised your eyebrows did i? yeah when you said family oh like this well i don ' t know why family and she went it was like but you do
2007. do celebrate it with family and doing something to mark the occasion what? you went when you said family when it ffamily then f you you raised your eyebrows did i? yeah when you said family oh like this well i don ' t know why family and she went it was like but you do family and went you do not have two parties wha i don ' t even i don ' t
2009. it ffamily then f you you raised your eyebrows did i? yeah when you said family oh like this well i don ' t know why family and she went it was like but you do family and went you do not have two parties wha i don ' t even i don ' t think even the queen has two parties she has three erm well they cost a lot of money cos
2014. moved on so pr was that kind of a a pretty big part then? mm no um not quite as big as sg - 1 but and the idea was that he was spending more time with his family he wanted to cut it down a bit right the actor? yeah mm so th presumably he could rock up do a lot of his things in a shorter time period mm less location filming i guess oh almost
2015. oldest a bit of trivia for you oh that ' s er that ' s good stuff i like my history you know i like ye history that relates yeah yeah that ' s it yeah local history family history pers stuff you can see yeah do you know what i mean? yeah down there i used to go to my mooring yeah when i lived on the boat oh god it was dark at night
2016. it ' s nice for having a holiday in the s in the states won ' t it at christmas? mm so he ' s going to be there over christmas? yes mm be nice with her family? erm i don ' t think all the time ah just to go for a few days and then go off sensible yes and he gives er quite interesting observations when he went oh really? said how
2018. when he does write it ' s just a few lines usually i don ' t know i don ' t think he writes loads really long emails anyway no so we ' re wondering if it is a family member or not it could be someone in australia couldn ' t it? yes it could so well say it is i think it ' s i think it ' s more likely to be someone there yes '
2020. go there whereas you can walk round it all for free apart from the farm and the house mm yeah mm the house is really nice at abbey because it ' s like small and you can imagine a family actually living in it mm mm small? it ' s much smaller than say or other stately homes mm well i mean not small compared to oh they ' re supposed to be the new people in that
2022. lotlots of pagodas erm and sort of quite attractive sort of loa tower er towers erm erm and erm wi rooms which the the the emperor erm and his er family er lived and i i think they also have oh there ' s the female lion right with the cub under her left claw right er we went into the last few days and and erm they have the
2028. we went thr went round the the the forbidden city you know it ' s forbidden city it was only for it was only allowed reason it ' s forbidden is that only the emperor and his immediate family could go in there basically erm and er you can see it it ' s it ' s it ' s in a way when you look at a national trust property mm a lot of them you see
2029. she drew it and it happened to him hay he ' s just i ' m gonna show you i ' m gonna show you did she? why did they not tell you stop? why did your family like? i know did they encourage this? were they going yeah? i don ' t know i remember this eever draw him being taken apart by wolves at home apparently he also lost me as well
2034. illness she was about eighteen or seventeen i think wasn ' t she? yeah yeah and er now she ' s she ' s just got to be looked after all the time oh no yeah and their family has got so much money mm they could have her dow in a private hospital they could do everything mm that one of the partner family live in in canada mm and they said they ' d pay for everything
2035. got to be looked after all the time oh no yeah and their family has got so much money mm they could have her dow in a private hospital they could do everything mm that one of the partner family live in in canada mm and they said they ' d pay for everything for her mm you know yeah the mum and da the gran and gramps the gran yeah yeah mm we ' ll do everything and
2046. oh my god what ' s happening? i can ' t believe that this de de de de yeah yeah erm and i was like well so who ' s voting for these people? yeah my family sorry and ' s and his family and friends sorry yeah i know yeah so i was like these people do exist in our society i just don ' t know them it just makes you think you know there
2047. ? i can ' t believe that this de de de de yeah yeah erm and i was like well so who ' s voting for these people? yeah my family sorry and ' s and his family and friends sorry yeah i know yeah so i was like these people do exist in our society i just don ' t know them it just makes you think you know there ' s a whole other facebook news
2049. on reviews they treat you like part of the family and mm mm nice in they can be having a traditional whatever meal with that mum or grandma ' s cooked and be at the table with the whole family and other volunteers so it ' s exciting can ' t wait really good for you i ' m kind of well i ' m not jealous of the sort of opportunity to move so much but er mm it
2050. the premise yeah where they have a lot of people being involved in it in the first place yeah like if you ' re talking about something which like you know like threaten like your life or yeah your family ' s lives like yeah of course you wanna be able to yeah definitely yeah if it ' s like safety or employment or like yeah legality then erm that you would but then you can just be
2053. ' re just she was still in her they ' re just yeah fuckers i know fucking hate them i was i was bloody annoyed i really was to be honest like you can ' t choose your family but i already have you know like my friends are so much closer to me and i do so much more for them than what i ever do for my extended family they just don ' t care they '
2054. like you can ' t choose your family but i already have you know like my friends are so much closer to me and i do so much more for them than what i ever do for my extended family they just don ' t care they ' re just not nice people it ' ll be very interesting to s it ' ll be no they ' re not it ' ll be very interesting to see how many
2057. er i don ' t like other people ' s children got three nephews ah have you? have you got just the one brother? no i ' ve got er three brothers oh wow okay big family i forgot about that did you see your brother in america that ' s in america? yeah we saw him is that a reason for going? yeah well it ' s a well it it was a bonus
2058. wasn ' t really i mean for me a little bit i thought it ' s local to it ' s not you know i was worried about being in it ' d be too close to ' s family like her dad would be around like every day and that kind of thing it ' s not too much further yeah but erm he was he ' s worried my dad ' s here was a nice distance
2059. be around like every day and that kind of thing it ' s not too much further yeah but erm he was he ' s worried my dad ' s here was a nice distance from friends and family and also we had a good friend here that when we ' re looking for flats he could help us out we could stay with him that kind of stuff no his baby was due yesterday so he erm
2060. conducive to drinking yeah everything is about drinking so we have a few friends it is here but i think it ' s easier to because you don ' t have a support network of your family and your friends and all those kind of people so there are foreigners there that become alcoholics oh yeah and they don ' t have people around them to help them to stop them to help them to keep
2063. paying me at the end of the month yeah they haven ' t paid us yet so every month we so stuff could come back and it ' s like but it is gonna get trickier because your family a are very talkative and b you were at home but when we ' re just the two of us in i don ' t know how we ' re gonna we need people to visit so come up
2067. ad a couple of girls that i lived with for a little while at uni between houses one write to the other one hilarious do you remember that time in second year when i thought i had a family of mice living in my wardrobe and it turned out to be a bottle of lemonade? so she heard the rustling of the lemonade itself and thought she ' d got a family of ice in her
2069. he strangers round here yes absolutely let ' s take some responsibility there or was here? no there was no one here oh that ' s right because didn ' t get invited round to her f her family for christmas cos they ' re really nice oh yeah yeah that ' s normal well i can hardly talk about normal can i? well like yesterday was like oh so is coming round tonight and i was
2073. as well yeah it ' s via yeah yeah so yeah i don ' t know when somebody in the family dies yeah do you go? i don ' t know if you ' re a longstanding family friend i think typically you do yeah but you would if it was in would you necessarily if it was local local you certainly yeah you certainly would go but bei that much further away makes it makes it a
2076. kate died did you ever see her death scene? it was the worst death scene ever she got shot and there was no blood anywhere oh it ' s family television you can ' t have blood in family tv wasn ' t even a speck not even a tiny bit you know just with her and mark had got together was there not splatter on the grass? not even a splatter mark
2078. like who does go to school? the only people who go to school are mason not mason what ' s his face bailey is he in it anymore? no bailey wanted to go and stay with a family cos he couldn ' t deal with the fact that his dad died oh right i know that sounds really harsh cos obviously he shouldn ' t be able to deal with the fact that his dad died
2079. harsh cos obviously he shouldn ' t be able to deal with the fact that his dad died but so did he go to reba re reba? rehab no he went to stay with a family lou took him he went with lou okay cos lou ' s quit now well yeah he ' s gone part time now do you remember how mason left to darwin? and then so it ' s like
2080. you know ended up crashing into the ocean it ' s so mason isn ' t coming anymore mason is not coming mason mason is never gonna come back ever again mason ' s disowned his family for darwin it ' s just so funny how the characters leave and then they kind of like crop up in conversation cos you ' ve got to make it seem real but yeah it ' s just not
2081. re buying foods and things is about the same yeah but houses are actually a lot cheaper out there apparently so i ' ll have to move out there tell me about it steve ' s got loads of family over in australia eh and he keeps on kind of muttering about wanting to go over there i ' m like well yeah yeah i have no massive objections to that yeah yeah em but em but i ' m
2085. are positive somewhat opinionated wilful shrewd and intellectual you are just as sincere and you do many kind and noble deeds unknown to others you are friendly and have many fine friendships your home and family ties are dear to you that sounds right yeah erm i haven ' t heard from her apart from when she sends me clothes exactly yeah yeah she ' s looking better though no she ' s taking more
2086. near or where used to be up the towards? oh my god like or something? yeah that ' s like one of the world ' s most expensive restaurants i know i went there with ' s family says they ' re having loads of work done in the house yes yeah but that it ' s still rubbish is it still rubbish? well it ' s still a fucking bombsite so it ' s impossible
2088. move all your shit you know? cos where would you put everything if you rented that out to a family? and you think you think the damage and is gonna do compared to having like a family in there it ' s children and i mean er just for an example no it would be like renting my house out to students they wouldn ' t they would they ' re not it ' s it
2092. process er i think that ' s quite rigid actually um and they er then have to do so many hours uh - huh and er er they some of them are trained to deal with youth matters or family matters mhm and er then er er i suppose they have a little bit of training in the law so that they ' ve got some basic skills okay but the idea is that er the legal adviser who
2093. er because some of the issues that some of these folks have mhm er and the reasons why they ' re here mm you know they ' re yeah perhaps involved with drugs or they ' ve got family issues that sort of thing mm so it ' s i i think it ' s good to have er a bit of an understanding yeah you know definitely of er about why they ' re here and what '
2094. s he ' s passed away in er february oh so were gonna take his ashes back sorry mhm and we ' re going to go onto the estate where his oh he started his his life his family worked on the estate uh - huh so there ' s a er a loch called uh - huh call it ' s m u i c k i think it ' s called and er we ' re going
2095. to break the journey up oh that sounds like a lovely journey so yeah i think so it ' ll be quite nice won ' t it okay so er so there we are and does he still have family around there yes my aunt is in er which is near mhm and then i have cousins who live in which is about an hour from aberdeen mhm so it ' s you know sort of all on
2103. an established base right right to maintain a conversation but i think facebook ' s better for sort of starting that conversation mm okay see i tend to keep i keep facebook more to my like my friends and family i ' ve tried to be keep them quite distinct yeah my facebook was just becoming like my twitter with like all my football clubs and sports teams and so i ' ve kept it really strict like yeah i
2104. horsed by hibs and he was like saying that he was away out on a nice day and got in trouble and he and he was raging cos he says you know my work life and family life are that was two different things separate you wouldn ' t you wouldn ' t get angry if like a a salesman lost an account and mm he just happened to well take his kids to the supermarket or
2111. suppose they think they ' re keeping the economy going cos this council worker that picks up the rubbish has got a supervisor yeah who ' s got a boss yeah whose cousin ' s one of their family yeah and he ' s being paid to do it yeah but yeah to think that they could possibly just remotely be able to do something constructive exactly instead of picking up yeah yeah in fact i ' m even
2112. i was still travelling backwards and forwards to germany mm but we sat down and he was saying you know he got out of pakistan because the secret police and mm they are terrible mm mm mm er his family had been harassed and whatever er and he told me the story of the ex president of pakistan zia - ul - haq right yeah and how he died okay how did he die? erm z
2116. to me at erm college that cos they work in a shop and sometimes like their customers chat to them and erm this per man was saying oh he ' s going on holiday with his family and everything and like you know he ' s got a dog oh but one of them ' s just died er so she won ' t be coming with us this year cos they go every year and
2117. really should it ' s it ' s free for the first three months and i was like no cos i ' ll forget to call to cancel it no thank you i ' ve not got a family i ' ve not got any dependents i ' ve not got a mortgage i don ' t need it you know if i if i ' m ill and i can ' t pay for something i just
2118. from don ' t you tell people out here outs er in other parts of the world oh i come from london anyway? yeah i do that i do actually do you? yeah in k or my family in k yeah in don ' t wanna tell him that you ' re from from like yeah in in kenya yeah we just say that we ' re from london and it ' s cool mm no i would
2119. right er let ' s do it a different way see ' s going to kenya is he? when? erm i dunno he ' s doing some volunteering doesn ' t he have yeah family there? er yeah probably so it ' s are you actually cold? do you want he is he you can hear i ' m only cold cos of this drink cos it ' s got ice
2121. i only watch a bit of it cos like it was just erm i dunno cos i don ' t really watch i wasn ' t really watching tv i was on my phone my family was watching it but then they changed it and they ask like random shit like yeah the thirtieth king in england and the twelfth king of scotland see what i mean? yeah yeah yeah they have
2126. just turn it off if the sound ' s gonna be off then cos i ' ll i ' ll get distracted um i think hen nights are th just like a weird mix of um like your family and your friends and all that sort of thing never really works so um i when i i ' ve never been on a stag night myself but uh yeah i don ' t really like the idea it
2128. it mm even if you know mm we we can ' t understand it you know yeah yeah at least i can ' t yeah yeah and i actually have er i i mean well is well all your family yeah well yeah i mean i ' ve got except for you one brother and one sister both of whom are gay mm you know my sister is single you know she doesn ' t she doesn ' t have
2130. with her? you know she was just and everything? oh yeah they were b yes yeah they they were living in a flat together but so therefore and she ' s actually never really but did her family the family of the partner not oh yes acknowledge didn ' t acknowledge her at all? oh yes they did oh they did? th yes they did actually yeah they they acknowledged er but of course they weren
2131. ? you know she was just and everything? oh yeah they were b yes yeah they they were living in a flat together but so therefore and she ' s actually never really but did her family the family of the partner not oh yes acknowledge didn ' t acknowledge her at all? oh yes they did oh they did? th yes they did actually yeah they they acknowledged er but of course they weren ' t
2144. that short space because you ' ve got the pedestrian crossing then you ' ve got the oh dear mm no i don ' t really i don ' t know anything else other than that and his poor family yeah so sad and the driver has got to live with that yeah but why are they appealing for witnesses? cos i pres i thought it might ' ve been a hit and run but then they
2146. it the other option is just to choose two sets of close friends and just do it completely on your own yeah we could just do it with friends couldn ' t we? and then just have a family get together on one side the thing is that ' s i understand it ' s all of the postcards and a family get together and you can either decide to make it with ' s family and we
2147. just do it with friends couldn ' t we? and then just have a family get together on one side the thing is that ' s i understand it ' s all of the postcards and a family get together and you can either decide to make it with ' s family and we could do that couldn ' t we? with them and that way we could travel around couldn ' t we? nobody no
2148. a family get together on one side the thing is that ' s i understand it ' s all of the postcards and a family get together and you can either decide to make it with ' s family and we could do that couldn ' t we? with them and that way we could travel around couldn ' t we? nobody nobod that ' s right i mean you i could i could go
2149. that couldn ' t we? with them and that way we could travel around couldn ' t we? nobody nobod that ' s right i mean you i could i could go to ' s family and we celebrate i could then come and stay with you guys with and we celebrate and then i could stay with mum and i think yeah right that ' s right yeah we hadn ' t considered that no
2151. that is really not and my style it ' s not if if we had the money what i would really like to do is find a beautiful deserted island somewhere and have just us and invite all my family and friends and pay for them to come out and we ' d hire a boat and do all this kind of stuff you know but you need to be a millionaire to do all these kind of things mm
2153. that is the fact that one or the other of you mightn ' t be able to have children yes well yeah which is which we ' ve considered so therefore the only way you could have a family erm is is to adopt yeah er is is to adopt yeah so why shouldn ' t er any other it should just be the same it ' s yours and when i look around and think of all
2168. of those things tut when his daddy abandoned him literally every single film is about father yeah abandonment close encounters er richard dreyfuss goes off with the aliens it ' s like family? what family? see you later he ' s got issues i don ' t think he directs films really anymore spielberg i thought he directed war horse oh was that hi or did he just produce it? i thought he
2173. million pounds you ' d buy thirty - one million pounds worth of chocolate spread how do you know these things? i would buy yes? an entire apartment block in right and i would invite friends and family to be able to stay there whenever they wanted but the top one would be mine okay so hard up people hard up friends friends who are struggling mm would be able to have one to themselves forever? forever
2177. of thing and mm you know they ' re very family oriented more than in england yeah that ' s true i always feel weird saying that like you know in england people don ' t care about their family it ' s different but it ' s just a different relationship isn ' t it? yes a stronger relationship i never hugged my family i didn ' t realise that ' s what people did mm and then
2178. that like you know in england people don ' t care about their family it ' s different but it ' s just a different relationship isn ' t it? yes a stronger relationship i never hugged my family i didn ' t realise that ' s what people did mm and then i suppose really it is being married and hugging all the in - laws and think why don ' t i hug my own family?
2179. family i didn ' t realise that ' s what people did mm and then i suppose really it is being married and hugging all the in - laws and think why don ' t i hug my own family? yeah and then i started hugging them which i think they were a bit shocked by initially but ah they seem to have warmed up to it so now they just sort of expect a hug and they get
2181. hours in a meat factory yeah and i just think you know i know that you don ' t want to be there and you know want to come and live li you know live in poland with your family and with your friends and you are only doing it for the money but er i was talking to about this yesterday i think this this polish thing about erm the future and saving for the future and yeah
2184. no i ' m just thinking i like to think i like to get it right well run it by us so far then er sorry change of plan overdid celebrations last night having quiet eve with family tonight full stop yeah send be in touch and meet up soon well i have will be in touch meet up soon fair enough sounds good well it ' s pretty much accurate isn ' t it? i mean
2186. m like i ' m not some hygiene product what are you calling me? what is that? fam it ' s like short for family alright fam? what is you know these who is family? chavs what is their what is their issue with family and brothers and mothers and? i don ' t know i don ' t know i don ' t get it and they call each other blood
2187. calling me? what is that? fam it ' s like short for family alright fam? what is you know these who is family? chavs what is their what is their issue with family and brothers and mothers and? i don ' t know i don ' t know i don ' t get it and they call each other blood you alright blood? i ' ve never heard that yeah i
2188. go? i need to go and meet quickly do you? what are you gonna do? give him a tenner what i owe him cos he ' s off to huntingdon to see his family his mum went to america today mhm er his sister lives in america they had a child who ' s i ' m not sure exactly the numbers but they think er the child is sort of a year
2189. joseph cotten in a hitchcock film it ' s the one where i ' d seen it before but years years ago i hadn ' t seen it for years and years um he goes back to his family and the grown - up daughter of the family it ' s his niece works out that he ' s a murderer oo um and i can ' t think what it ' s called and i was watching
2192. ve been to china a few times that must have changed enormously yeah the summer where i used to some air stations ah right jordan? and when i went next time round they ' ve got a family there and they ' re no more an airfield yes that ' s right so you have to be careful going back yeah that ' s right it ' s spoiled it it might be nice to leave it as
2194. t do it no make him homesick that that ' s fine about five weeks before he ah yes it ' s funny being away from home at christmas i i i remember the african guy ' s family he said what ' s in the tin? how do i cook it? yeah well it is it ' s a very british thing isn ' t it a boiled pudding? and i expect that was a
2195. it ' s yeah thank you very much pleased to hear it sorted us right out it ' s put us in a much better position for the next couple of months it ' s good to have your family around isn ' t it? yeah i know sorting us right out going to marks and spencer ' s for our shopping now waitrose yeah might do yeah no don ' t like shopping in waitrose she
2200. summer and then so d ' you touch base in england a little bit from time to time or? passing through generally yeah erm never wants to go cos he really doesn ' t have any family there now okay erm his one cousin that he does keep in touch with ' s got a house in so oh right we tend to see them here yeah more than we see them in the uk yeah
2202. ' s got a house in so oh right we tend to see them here yeah more than we see them in the uk yeah i ' m the one that has family erm with a sister and family there and close cousins mm so we do we do sometimes mm stop over on the way mm either to canada or on the way back mm d ' you? erm d ' you miss it at all
2203. route into er true into into the heart of london london there yeah that ' s it yeah mm but that ' s all i don ' t miss anything else i yeah have to say and do your family your family in england come out here much to visit or? they have they erm u o o in fact all my cousins have been mm out here erm mm and and my sister ' s been
2204. er true into into the heart of london london there yeah that ' s it yeah mm but that ' s all i don ' t miss anything else i yeah have to say and do your family your family in england come out here much to visit or? they have they erm u o o in fact all my cousins have been mm out here erm mm and and my sister ' s been out three
2209. d get hold of me on a sunday morning would i get hold of the s they and they were because the k you can imagine the type of family it was if the kid was like that the family were were fairly elusive i ' d got to get hold of the s and get one of the s up to birmingham to collect their oh gosh child from the airport oh no well i mean awful i
2217. what ' s to what ' s to say you ' re gonna live that long anyway? what have you looked at? you won ' t get to spend it well because he ' s got my family on his side we ' re gonna live to be a hundred and ten you ' re not you ' re not talking about like oh if you don ' t get you don ' t do the service?
2233. i ' m not very i don ' t really like to bring to stuff you don ' t really like? like t taking my girlfriend around i would i don ' t wanna go and meet her family you know? i just wish i could understand what you ' re saying what do you wanna say? i don ' t particularly wanna go and hang out with her dad you know? no erm who
2235. know and once you ' re there you ' re you know you ' re home then ain ' t you yeah we ' re at er tomorrow are ya? tomorrow night yeah it ' s at a family party a twenty - fifth wedding anniversary hmm it ' s that silly couple who have just lost their house lost their house? they went bust well how did they manage that? oh god knows well you see
2237. it ' s probably some prehistoric deity that was worshiped there along with all these others yeah yeah wow right? now muhammad said that there can be only one god and that is allah and his his family disowned him and they nearly killed him and he escaped from mecca to er a town north called yathrib which is now known as madinat al - nabi the city of
2240. don ' t get any of that no so so how ' s? lovely she she ' s got the day off tomorrow and she might have the whole week off why ' s that? because the family are going away are they? for a week or two weeks i think that ' s good so she might come she might come back england what? for a week? she ' s well she ' s
2242. to dinner and they they all come up here for dinner didn ' t they yeah and they ' d eaten on the way knowing that we were oh yeah going to have dinner yeah er this is his family as well yeah we all met his family the family yeah they all came up so we could meet each other yeah no that ' s not polite but they ' d eaten on the way and there was us
2243. here for dinner didn ' t they yeah and they ' d eaten on the way knowing that we were oh yeah going to have dinner yeah er this is his family as well yeah we all met his family the family yeah they all came up so we could meet each other yeah no that ' s not polite but they ' d eaten on the way and there was us waiting for them for with dinner and we
2244. dinner didn ' t they yeah and they ' d eaten on the way knowing that we were oh yeah going to have dinner yeah er this is his family as well yeah we all met his family the family yeah they all came up so we could meet each other yeah no that ' s not polite but they ' d eaten on the way and there was us waiting for them for with dinner and we we had
2246. it ' s good to have a tent in the house so i think it ' s good yeah cool did you do that? when you were little? no and i never had a tent and my family never went camping no like no not have a tent a den? no i didn ' t have any brothers and sisters ah well no but you didn ' t need to like i used to do it with
2248. s still a it ' s still a no? no one does anything christmas eve that ' s like that ' s why you can do work erm no i did stuff i went went to see family on christmas eve went to see my cousins all day? quite a quite a bit of the day how lhow long? and then you turned up for like so i turned up few minutes that was a
2249. it might need the charger doing you still love me the same? whack it in wait which one ' s this for? what ' s this? charging your phone? yeah do your family come for new year ' s eve? you really are very special to me oh no it ' s like you don ' t have to er oh why are we listening to this? don ' t even
2250. a really nice guy and stuff and then she messages me erm tell you what first the first thing she messages me erm is like something oh alright right she hates his she pretty much hates his family right lovely yeah i know she really doesn ' t like so i don ' t like his mum and his and his his tw he ' s got a twin brother apparently he ' s really horrible or
2251. at this point i was like what the h what? and they and then had gone er was like in bed him and his brother really? yeah cos they were like oh with his nice little family tha like yeah like w oh no you said yes i did er they ' re from so dunno dunno erm but er do you know that joke? no but i i guess it ' s
2256. ? i feel like it ' s my fault and i don ' t know whether that is true or not it ' s not your fault like i really don ' t any more like the way my family were like like talking to me it sounded as though it was my fault and then i felt really awful about it and that ' s when i was like i mean from the outside people do think well people
2257. at home like did y did it feel it di obviously didn ' t feel very good but did it feel like less stressful than this because you didn ' t actually have responsibility then or were your family onto you so it was pretty hard? i mean it was stressful in a different way like it was yeah yeah erm the stakes are a lot higher yeah yeah you know if i get if if
2258. be affected if i decided to fuck things up which i have done but whereas at home it was like if i if i like acted out or something the only thing that would affect would be like my family mm and that did upset me but it didn ' t w no it did stress me out but like like who like in a different way like yeah i dunno i just feel like i ' m gonna
2259. like who like in a different way like yeah i dunno i just feel like i ' m gonna feel like this wherever i go really and i ' m always gonna have the same pressure from my family do they want you to do really well or do they just want you to do stuff all the time? i don ' t i don ' t even know any more is that what? they want me
2260. much money they buy you presents and she was and i was really like admiring her cos she was so confident and so like not afraid of what people would think of her no like she told her family i mean and it ' s got yeah it ' s got nothing to do with it even if she was having sex with him she shouldn ' t ' ve been ashamed of it like no exactly i mean
2263. might not but that ' s that ' s i dunno that ' s like i dunno understandable yeah yeah that ' s fine sorry i mean i i ' d like to help with my family to be honest cos they have like financially have done stuff for me and i would like to give that back you know? but yeah i dunno yeah i wou that sounds really annoyingly self
2278. actually mm so we can go there and should all be quite easy and we ' ll go sort of and then back to for a few days i think and then go down to to see ' s family and i think we ' re gonna go via over here no no new pictures how are you gonna go? erm well was supposed to have tr passed his driving test in which case he would have driven
2283. do a different relationships or family or is it is it are you doing the four different? yeah things yeah we ' ll do family tomorrow and do the same thing what four different things? erm family school social we media and relationships? relationships obviously family doesn ' t count as relationships no we do erm school relationships okay and now you ' re on family? and on family and next week we '
2284. it are you doing the four different? yeah things yeah we ' ll do family tomorrow and do the same thing what four different things? erm family school social we media and relationships? relationships obviously family doesn ' t count as relationships no we do erm school relationships okay and now you ' re on family? and on family and next week we ' ll be doing family doesn ' t have to be
2285. thing what four different things? erm family school social we media and relationships? relationships obviously family doesn ' t count as relationships no we do erm school relationships okay and now you ' re on family? and on family and next week we ' ll be doing family doesn ' t have to be really negative like it comes across er on the telly you know mm yeah erm christmas day stresses and
2286. things? erm family school social we media and relationships? relationships obviously family doesn ' t count as relationships no we do erm school relationships okay and now you ' re on family? and on family and next week we ' ll be doing family doesn ' t have to be really negative like it comes across er on the telly you know mm yeah erm christmas day stresses and stuff and we were
2288. we always used to get people wanting to to talk with us in english and em h he was the same he didn ' t improve his spanish he was quite good before but he was there with his family and that was different mm and did you live with the italian girl? i lived with who ' s from italy and another girl from poland uh - huh so you spoke english at home? yeah but we
2290. i think i ' ll learn polish because i ' ll want to understand when he ' s speaking with his dad and yeah even if i just understand it rather than speak it yeah and with ' s family cos they ' re coming over at easter oh and when ' s not there mm he was at work the last time they came and i ended up like saying something really embarrassing yeah cos i think
2291. little little baby i ' m sure he found it endearing as opposed to insulting though yeah things like that i ' d i ' d like to be able to just communicate a little bit with his family mm cos i know on skype it ' s like i just say hello how are you and that ' s about it really but you understand more or less the the thread of the conversation when they
2296. ' s cooked it you can but then understand why he ' ' d blow so he can just serve it to the rest of the family it doesn ' t matter mm mm because the rest of the family will eat it and enjoy it then he goes without don ' t he? he goes without christmas dinner yeah well i i the same yeah he gets himself a sandwich or something if he gets hungry later on
2300. ve had a family wedding oh wow monday to sunday a whole week? what do you do? oh yes what did you eat at this wedding? it ' s a lot of dancing getting together with family who was it? like a really close family relative or friend? yeah it ' s my uncle ' s daughter yeah first cousin so what did you serve at this wedding? pardon what did you serve at
2301. sunday a whole week? what do you do? oh yes what did you eat at this wedding? it ' s a lot of dancing getting together with family who was it? like a really close family relative or friend? yeah it ' s my uncle ' s daughter yeah first cousin so what did you serve at this wedding? pardon what did you serve at with this wedding? serve? serve well we
2307. occurred to me because it would never happen hasn ' t well it happened but i can see the you ' re put in that the similarity that sort of terrible situation yes yeah where this is a family family friends friend and i know where the kids are friends and everything but erm yeah and it ' s just disappointing but i mean the whole if he hasn ' t he hasn ' t taken no for an
2308. erm and he said to me i ' ve been doing a lot of thinking and he said i ' ve thought i i used to think that i made this pledge that i was gonna hold my family together and i was gonna keep happy and just put on a front just to keep her happy and i had to just hold erm my family together and he said and then i met you he said i
2309. that i made this pledge that i was gonna hold my family together and i was gonna keep happy and just put on a front just to keep her happy and i had to just hold erm my family together and he said and then i met you he said i ' d known you for a long time but he said then obviously i approached you to go running and stuff and then when we got to know
2313. like that that ' s that ' s better than south park i prefer yeah er in terms of the sorts of jokes like that ' s oh the reason why i can ' t really watch that much family guy i feel like the jokes are just so stressed a lot of the time oh i like family guy i pref i i i do like it but when i ' ve watched like a couple of episodes
2314. the sorts of jokes like that ' s oh the reason why i can ' t really watch that much family guy i feel like the jokes are just so stressed a lot of the time oh i like family guy i pref i i i do like it but when i ' ve watched like a couple of episodes in a row i ' m just like i can ' t deal with any more of this yeah
2315. i do like it but when i ' ve watched like a couple of episodes in a row i ' m just like i can ' t deal with any more of this yeah i prefer american dad to family guy yeah i do as well actually yeah i don ' t cos you actually no it depends family guy tend to go for this whole like ridiculous like time travel - y aspect thing i mean i guess
2316. m just like i can ' t deal with any more of this yeah i prefer american dad to family guy yeah i do as well actually yeah i don ' t cos you actually no it depends family guy tend to go for this whole like ridiculous like time travel - y aspect thing i mean i guess if like the amount of times that they like stewie builds a machine and does such and such yeah
2318. re not real maybe you ' re the only real one yeah or maybe i ' m the only not real one and i don ' t know it what? maybe you need to wake up because your family love you just wake up wake up oh have you seen that who did that? some i don ' t know but i really wanna do it to someone someone did it where they they paid like a load
2320. wow typical why was he doing surely he knew when he finished it it was so fast i know well you know where your is well there ' s lots of you know there ' s six and his family was talking to him and distracting him and all that it was it was midnight as well he was a wide boy? oh that ' s very nice yeah? well whe for an hour coffee lique
2321. ' ve never heard it before this woman was saying today it ' s actually a it ' s usually applied to health i ' m in good fettle yeah the woman said how are the ex - family doing? and the other woman said erm they ' re fettle they ' re doing fettle would you say? what did she say? no they ' re in good fettle they ' re
2325. i ' m not that they were that ' s right yes or you know erm you they just just great big swathes of history had quite big rows with with erm my husband ' s family about simon schama it ' s like isn ' t simon schama wonderful? no no don ' t think so no not really and he might know a lot but how can you follow what
2337. thing to do how long have they been together? i don ' t think they were oh how long have they been together? over a year i know ah that ' s really bad and his whole family were there and helping him write the text message and everything he he hated her why why did it go on for so long? cos he got sex? cos he ' s a moron but
2338. ##ted a lot and i ' m get getting old i ' m sixty four this year sixty - four this year and i ' m getting aches and pains and i i i ' ve had my family i ' ve had my life i ' ve had my child i ' ve i ' ve had it all and now it ' s my time before i die it ' s my time it ' s time
2344. things is a problem but signing make the sign i would be surprised if that was er i think she ' s making that up twelve weeks mm i know i don ' t know friday five fifty per family per class if that ' s at methodist church mm well they can phone about it there might be a a waiting list or there might be spaces yes it ' s just can i bring my mother for the
2347. views as you mm and you can ' t believe that there ' s like a conservative government yeah i know who voted for them? because it ' s like i don ' t know anyone oh my family but i don ' t yeah a lot of these people are my friends yeah how can this ' ve happened? erm so yeah in that sense i just cast aside er anyone whose political er opinions i
2349. ve been pinching and the pe and the penalty for that is to have your hands your hand chopped off yeah your hand chopped off er apparently it ' s far more embarrassing for the person and his family or her family if it ' s witnessed by westerners yeah so if you ' re if you ' re anywhere anywhere near all of sudden there ' ll be a lot of the people who are behind you
2350. ##ing and the pe and the penalty for that is to have your hands your hand chopped off yeah your hand chopped off er apparently it ' s far more embarrassing for the person and his family or her family if it ' s witnessed by westerners yeah so if you ' re if you ' re anywhere anywhere near all of sudden there ' ll be a lot of the people who are behind you pushing you to
2352. was just the kind of stuff she was saying it was so so bad so yeah yeah it was terrible and so her parents kicked off but like you know her parents keep shipping her off to like various family members for like weeks at a time and it ' s just they clearly as a family just don ' t know how to can ' t cope deal with it yeah must be a nightmare it ' s really
2356. what near? yeah near because like it is our friend ' s birthday on valentine ' s day? no no no on sunday this coming sunday so we are going out friday she ' s going her family is coming to visit this weekend so she wants to spend her actual birthday with her family so we are going out friday oh that ' s so cute so we was looking for outfits for that and i '
2357. s day? no no no on sunday this coming sunday so we are going out friday she ' s going her family is coming to visit this weekend so she wants to spend her actual birthday with her family so we are going out friday oh that ' s so cute so we was looking for outfits for that and i ' ve never been forever 21 so i wanted to go there oh no three hours three fucking
2358. ##s he does live i don ' t think has nothing to do with him no no i mean obviously and that are different cos we see them all the time yeah yeah yeah erm so close family on both sides so yeah grandparents and parents siblings grandparents aunties uncles who you see the the we see the difficulty is your auntie would be gutted if she didn ' t get an invite exactly oh
2360. er inviting everybody but she doesn ' t and she doesn ' t like them she doesn ' t like any of them she doesn ' t talk to them well the problem no the thing is ' s family would only be his sister her boyfriend his mum and dad yeah and it would be and and so there would be eleven of them right and that that ' s it i mean the we see our i i
2373. you know with not really well making the mayonnaise and everything well yeah sorry i was on the phone so long oh no it ' s no problem well you you gotta stay in touch with your family haven ' t you? you do um ah so has got uh a jo a new job you were saying uh? mm he ' s like one of those like you know when you ' re in the
2374. last out of the cupboard when you ' re all done no please just sit down well i would do but my chair ' s slightly weighed down well you said erm just sit down and join your family to start with no i hate them all what would i join them for if i hate them? dad that ' s a bit mean isn ' t it? but i don ' t care face is a
2375. and i absolutely loved it and just so beautiful the architecture yeah yeah i loved erm i loved the hills i ' m from oh are you? yes so erm that ' s where all my family live yes and i absolutely just live seeing the rolling hills and yes rather than here which is very flat so yes yes did you erm whereabouts in were you? er my family are erm in in
2376. s where all my family live yes and i absolutely just live seeing the rolling hills and yes rather than here which is very flat so yes yes did you erm whereabouts in were you? er my family are erm in in the dales yes oh yes so in and and they ' re up in the dales oh right oh right well i was at school one of my eight schools was in and
2382. how amazing it is how lovely all the little touches did you er see where they ' re from? erm all over really actually it seems to be a lot of people saying that they were meeting family for like special occasions that they ' d all kind of come yes i would say it ' s that type of place rather than coming for like your yearly holiday yeah i would say it ' s like a
2385. like that on that happen mm don ' t they with police getting and and the wife never knows that all the time they ' ve been investigated and he ' s ended up marrying them and having a family with them and it ' s based on something like that i think it might be something like that did you catch up and it would be on the a word? did you watch that? no i said
2386. of your birth well that ' s handy so honest he showed me his passport yes and there ' s no date of birth on there oh right and amazing yeah er he ' s telling me about his family he ' s got five daughters erm they ' ve all put have gone to college got masters one ' s yes a solicitor and one works with him and all the rest of it yes and it started
2399. children presen er er unless you buy a family what about a nice family ticket to the pictures? oh something like i could do actually so it ' s a family it ' s reinforcing family again isn ' t it? through the gift it i yes cos when th when they got them erm at work i think got them like erm an annual pass to yeah yeah for the family
2401. at work i think got them like erm an annual pass to yeah yeah for the family something i could do something like that actually so they have er they ' re having time out yeah as a family yeah it ' s reinforcing family isn ' t it? yes yeah so anyway something nice i ' ve got that on sunday but i ' m looking forward to that that should be nice that '
2405. you know me i ' m a firm believer that if he likes her he would ' ve he would get with her mm he ' d go there mm and he hasn ' t might not want a family and they haven ' t even kissed they need to have it out they need to have this discussion they do i said that to her yesterday cos i was like you ' ve got another nine months of
2407. asked mm my friend at work who i used to work with my friend now er she was married years and years ago in and then left him erm and they got a divorce he remarried had a family and then died got cancer or some sort i think er but he ' d never amended his will so she inherited his house oh because it said in i leave my house to or whatever she ' s called
2414. life innit? the reality is by the time like any er sort of jobs that we ' re in like i ' d say i ' ll be able to provide those sort of things for my family yeah yeah yeah like i might not be able to buy them like a swimming pool mm but like i dunno mm i think it ' s that money time costs as well isn ' t it? like
2415. i mean? and i think that ' s my that ' s my fear is that like with the i don ' t ever wanna be driven by security or by by s by protect by protecting my family or by marriage or by cos they ' re all good things but i don ' t ever want them to be my main thing right that ' s cool which is the change like to see jesus come
2416. a big vision yeah yeah like bigger vision i think i always wanna keep that mindset as like what really matters here? mm and that ' s cool cos sometimes that looks like raising a good family mm mm and like it ' s cool isn ' t it? cos that ' s like and teaching your kids to know who they are yeah cos then they ' ll change the world do you
2419. they? yeah when i was about fourteen fifteen oh yeah we went to we used to go to london in er the february half term cos that ' s where my dad ' s from with our family friends and we used to go and like do museums and you know science natural history museum oh science is my fave yeah erm go have a look round in general go to you know i snuck into
2421. ten minutes and two hours so whatever oh that ' s fine then so it ' s fine yeah okay good yeah to be honest i ' m going to do most of them at home cos my family just talk and talk about stuff anyway so yeah that ' s true yeah how many people? i ' m just gonna record it how many people do you need to do it on? er there ' s
2422. able to work he hasn ' t been can ' t work yet it ' s going to be a long time before he can even go back to work lucky they live where they do next to his family yeah because they don ' t have to rent or anything do they? probably not no no bit lucky sussing that one really yeah no rent three babies jesus and how old is the youngest one? '
2424. how like nationalities have different kind of like? it yeah it ' s like it makes me laugh when erm family guy in erm they i mean there you can ' t really base anything on family guy cos it ' s quite awful really but when they do stereotypical c nationalities and when they do the british we ' ve all got horrible teeth and yeah and really like oh talk like this which
2425. yeah just taps you on the shoulder and says off you trot and then maybe you leave your phone at the desk and be like if there ' s an emergency i ' ll tell like tell your family what number to call yeah at the hotel don ' t look at your phone like back in the day when we used to go on holiday as a family and like my mum would just give like my grandparents
2429. ' s the minister of i think is she still the minister for disabilities? i think she ' s still the minister for that mm she used to be a weather weather girl erm her dad and family own the flying school in john er john lennon airport oh wow running a business basically sh her position like many of them was bought right you know mini funded her old campaign and stuff like that and she what
2433. honestly have some cheesy chips erm so yeah she ' s doing that really exciting but i still want to know about this stuff in what are you doing in peru? were you with a family? where did you meet? is it? he ' s german i met him in germany mm cos when i was out there working as a language teacher mm yeah so i was out there working as
2434. do you think she ' ll leave it? is the sky blue? cos it ' s christmas? no hundred percent all interrogation always is it ' s not mm you know yeah same with my family to be honest even if i was having a good time she would still interrogate me still ask you about yeah yeah it ' s gonna be like why didn ' t you ring us more? why have
2437. christmas is a kind of distraction you know? mm like less focus on you more focus on an occasion kind of thing and i think to be honest i know this i don ' t know what your family are like but i think they honestly will be just glad to have you back even this i ' m not saying they won ' t go on at you because they might but i ' m ssaying
2441. he was saying even though my name ' s been changed everyone will know it ' s me yeah but then it ' s well now everyone will know it ' s you yeah and not just like your family and friends cos he could have just moved to a new town what so did the psychiatrist like do stuff? or was it more just like i don ' t yeah i think it was like a hand
2442. so of course that put a dampener on christmas day for them all and his wife said well don ' t expect me to go to the funeral cos she ' d fallen out with all his family bit like nan and grandad ' s family yeah yeah and she didn ' t go to the funeral and she kept saying all day don ' t expect me to go had to have a go at her
2443. christmas day for them all and his wife said well don ' t expect me to go to the funeral cos she ' d fallen out with all his family bit like nan and grandad ' s family yeah yeah and she didn ' t go to the funeral and she kept saying all day don ' t expect me to go had to have a go at her in the end and said look it ' s
2444. he does there ' s room for two cars in that drive we just have to organise with each other yeah who needs to be but where does where does she on the outside edge where ' s her family live? where does she come from?? yeah mm?? oh she ' s another girl you ' re all girls yeah yeah yeah i ' ve known since we were young yeah yeah i know yeah
2449. thinks i might be like we ' re not sure like i don ' t know but it ' s me out this will be this this is the ex girlfriend who you in you were introduced to her family and everything yeah yeah yeah and that freaked you out a little bit yeah yeah and then yeah i thought you wanted to be single i do want to be single that ' s the thing like i ' ve
2450. cries yeah and she came round mine and we were sitting just in the morrisons carpark in in the car and she started crying she was just like i can ' t stay in the uk my family are just annoying the hell out of me in australia and i ' m like in love with you knew they was gonna be yeah it ' s like i think i ' m actually in love with him i
2451. accept erm payments at the moment for his bank so i ' ve got to send it via paypal yeah pay hundred and forty mm gbp continue okay so i ' m sending a friend or family erm oh i ' m just going to send fuck it erm ah i erm spoke to like do you i was saying i worried about stuff about stuff about us being engaged and stuff i just
2452. one and stuff and he ' s like it ' s okay to be scared about that yeah cos i just explained to him for him it ' s alright cos he has like a a solid family like his mum and dad and never going to get divorced like they ' ve been together years and stuff like that but for me it ' s different because like i don ' t have that yeah and i
2453. since seven cos i drove down and um i fell asleep where is that did you say? in brighton i drove down to brighton last weekend oh to see her and to see her mum and her family and like our old haunts my old house and and uh i fell asleep quite early cos we got food and drink and just went back to the hotel room i fell asleep and sort of during the
2456. something not cos i was working but cos i was chatting i do sometimes wonder about this estate about what? this estate oh it ' s eh mostly our two neighbours down you know and her family who partly live across the way the they ' re the trouble causers yeah what do they do? em i ' m not sure but so one of the neighbours that you know so when i got my
2459. is quite can be quite slow can ' t it? i don ' t know i think sunday can be quite bad cos it ' s yeah that ' s true everyone ' s going to their family aren ' t they? mm sunday afternoon is worse like on the way back we had some traffic last time i think but mm that ' s the last thing you want isn ' t it? stuck in
2468. to harden you off mm i think i do it the right way you do it the the really er oh oh scary way oh i ' ll just have to write to everyone at christmas why? my family never did you can just send christmas cards you do to people you don ' t see from year to year you just send yeah yeah you send christ oh it ' s a load of rubbish isn ' t

Cluster 2
6. a few american friends that just seem like they ' re completely set forever yeah and not just american friends there ' s quite a few british friends as well just so like you were born into the wrong family weren ' t you? the it wouldn ' t be such a problem if erm was also but like it ' s the fact that both of us are really not going to inherit yeah you know and
11. that knobble on his shoulder before erm i don ' t remember that i want to know where it is yeah kate found me just from knocking on doors? yep wow i mean f ' s family have been in that village for ever and ever amen so that was quite lucky so she had their surname okay er yeah i think it took her about an hour and a half jesus christ yeah top arm
17. hi his host family used didn ' t used to allow him to eat downstairs he used to have to eat up in his room yeah oh yeah some some are very welcoming mm you are part of the family but others you i definitely got the impression from talking to the er students that it ' s more like a yeah seen and not heard sort of yeah yeah arrangement get bed that ' s it yeah breakfast er
22. ? and er well your eye test ' ll be okay and ruh ruh ruh ruh ruh aw cute must be so nice yeah as well to have that sort of pride from your family member yeah given you know your p your past with him well i ' ve never had it ever from anyone in my family huh never not even from my mum oh god like i i dunno if i
23. must be so nice yeah as well to have that sort of pride from your family member yeah given you know your p your past with him well i ' ve never had it ever from anyone in my family huh never not even from my mum oh god like i i dunno if i told you this? when i got my gcse results cos obviously they d they didn ' t know about my
33. okay yeah alright? hi oh i don ' t know why she ' s being like this teeth probably do you think? mm yeah that or tummy ache i remember when we had babies in the family not mine but when i was younger you know i was a teenager and other people had babies it it ' s and erm those it was either well people were talking about either teething in which case
34. good but once you ' ve got the internet once you know how to do it it ' s pretty easy mm erm er when i put ' s name down on the folder what ' s her family name?? yeah yeah that ' s unusual well her mum ' s and her dad ' s oh they had a and no hyphen? no hyphen they invented a new name yeah yeah
44. erm vicar said that was a server and of course she was you know if you are a server or you have some connection with the church it ' s lovely yeah it ' s lovely aha family link yes yes yes yeah cos actually was at school with my son really? mm mm i mean we knew the before we even moved here because was in ' s class and was in ' s class
49. ' t think it ' s but i ' m quite happy to just literally yeah but it ' s in her makeup and just talk to her now it ' s in her genes look at the entire family they ' re all like that yeah she was a miserable so and so and you ' re more like grandad aren ' t you? their loss their loss mm good just be your auntie it '
54. who knows? exactly maybe they ' re just not trying hard enough to find it like it isn ' t that easy to find and why haven ' t had and why hasn ' t anyone in royal family had cancer? well yeah exactly like they ' re all pretty old and it doesn ' t discriminate does it like? no well it kinda does with old people but they are old so they should
55. old ones oh absolutely i know they i know they really don ' t don ' t have to wait in line for an nhs doctor i feel like princess diana would ' ve been like a good royal family representative if she ' d lived you know? i know she really was cos she seemed really cool and she yeah talked about like mental illness did she? she did speeches about it and the royal family
56. representative if she ' d lived you know? i know she really was cos she seemed really cool and she yeah talked about like mental illness did she? she did speeches about it and the royal family didn ' t like her because she was too human almost you know? yeah she was too like down with everyone yeah it wasn ' t very nice yeah what happened i find her really interesting actually like although
57. like that that apparently it was kind of like fixed or something i used to watch loads of royal things mm yeah same i still kind of do i ' m i ' m quite fascinated by the royal family actually in a weird way me too although if there was a documentary on like harry and what ' s his face? erm william i would watch it they should do like the lion king but a royal
58. in a weird way me too although if there was a documentary on like harry and what ' s his face? erm william i would watch it they should do like the lion king but a royal family version really like that stuff yeah they did though there was like a documentary about twenty years ago when they just let erm cameras into the royal family for like to just film them what in their house?
59. they should do like the lion king but a royal family version really like that stuff yeah they did though there was like a documentary about twenty years ago when they just let erm cameras into the royal family for like to just film them what in their house? in their house yeah like almost like a big brother thing? yeah like a reality tv show thing that is crazy i know it ' s ridiculous they
60. love them i i love kate so much like oh so do i she ' s great and george i george is so adorable yes he ' s like the cutest baby ever like they ' re a family of four now they ' re so yeah they ' re so cute and there ' s isn ' t there another one on the way now already? really? u no surely not they ' ve just had
61. though no he might oh no he won ' t will he cos of baldness is it stress or is it genetic? genetic or both yeah oh they ' ve all got it all the royal family oh god bless him he looks so old i feel sorry for him oh i know how old is he? born into that he ' s lovely he used to be so handsome i prefer harry though yeah yeah
63. works for the library yeah works for the library your brother is her partner? that ' s right so that ' s so ' s your brother? that ' s right right i ' m getting the family tree in my head now okay cos ' s my niece right oh i see right okay yeah so it all makes sense now it ' s all starting to make sense yeah we have we have different people
66. and his father his father comes over london but his brother and his father came to ma to old trafford okay two big cities you know that ' s their reason for being here but you were saying his family are quite city people yeah they are yeah they ' ve never been to the lake district erm yeah so it ' s nice that it ' s kind of bit quintessentially english completely different
67. ' s erm because then you could go up to the lakes so why would you why would you do a no you wouldn ' t keep the house no unless you wanted to have it in the family but even then it doesn ' t really make sense does it? whereas south of we would just keep the house and erm mm it it there ' s a lot everything will unfold and what i
76. s just not safe yeah but like they did let too many people in but it was a stunning exhibition wasn ' t it? although my my auntie ' s niece on the other side of the family erm is doing her phd in fashion like kind of history more textile kind of thing yeah erm but she did a lot of work with the v and a and we were and she doesn ' t
78. second series i wasn ' t really sure at first because it is so different just like the first series is you know not exactly well it is kind of star - crossed lovers he is from a muslim family she is from a so this is a different case now? uhu so what happened with the first one? did it go to appeal and did he get out? not yet they are still waiting oh
81. ? um not outside of russia she got the the day the day after it happened um she got whisked off and put in a foster family bloody hell which luckily i think were a really nice family yeah and have yeah have were able to keep her for all mm you know from when she was eleven to when she was eighteen but what a traumatic experience for the poor girl but not only losing your mother
83. sister who ' s married to someone el? yeah yeah but that ' s not confirmed i know but it ' s it ' s speculated that ' s just speculation it ' s keeping it in the family just it ' s a bit weird isn ' t it? like i dunno i mean it it ' s not wrong whatsoever no no what dating my brother - in - law? but it means like
84. so if they got married they ' d be brother - in - law times two jjust in case you didn ' t know yeah? what would their their children so be? oh don ' t family trees are so complicated cousins don ' t need to make it worse now cousins squared i dunno cousins squared? well that ' s he ' d be like your uncle once removed and your and your dad
85. ##s everything still got the same crappy curtains and i ' ve still got the same crappy curtains in my room and my brother ' s curtains it ' s just like the one thing in our family we just don ' t replace curtain i went to this lady ' s house for module training for this thing i ' m volunteering for and i came in volunteering? what do you mean? for
86. weird every time i see him cos he seems like really old cos the long the youngest person no he ' s like a year and four months younger than me yes youngest person in my extended family is eight i ' m like no you ' re still the baby you i can ' t believe he was born like eight years ago it ' s really weird youngest in mine is four so yeah yeah my
87. second cousin and your child ' s second cousin as well yeah cos he ' s my cousin second mm once removed what ' s removed? is when they ' re like up or down on the family trees yeah so like your cousin ' s son so your okay your kind of once removed yeah okay comprendez? cos i have a cousin once removed ha my brother ' s locked out of
111. it ' s just like just cos that ' s that ' s right right you you know? it ' s part of living? i dunno if because maybe i come from a really big family right okay i come from a really big family there ' s seven of us and it was always a very vibrant household uhu with something going on uhu uhu so working in that environment and having
112. ' s that ' s right right you you know? it ' s part of living? i dunno if because maybe i come from a really big family right okay i come from a really big family there ' s seven of us and it was always a very vibrant household uhu with something going on uhu uhu so working in that environment and having sort of like young kids who ' ve got
116. yeah he does get shit sent though like he ' d come back with a whole suitcase just full of like fucking unbelievably beautiful and pristine italian produce enough to has he got a rich family in nah er er in italy? no it ' s just an ital that ' s they ' re all rich like an italian thing yeah yeah it ' s just about like you know they say it
117. it ' s not italian people who had that in there it ' s like no people who would like w you know mm? i mean has them the most really? what has he got a rich family? well he ' s i guess he just has like you know it ' s like two very like stable together parents who like have like nothing else to do yeah that ' s gotta be it and like
119. ' s like a stately home quite a modern type stately home not an ancient up in yorkshire somewhere and er you know i just saw a picture of it it ' s huge and er the family are going to keep that are they? oh right they ' re not going to sell that no what about death dues and all that? well i suppose they god knows i mean some of these er
120. s right yeah or even give it to the national trust which is one way out of it as as long as yeah that ' s right give it to the government as long as as long as the family lived here yeah but you can keep the painting yeah that ' s like like at yeah you know get death duties of five million oh we ' ll give this painting on the understanding we can keep it yeah
122. were people from the netherlands so people came from all over the world and in the end erm ' s mum and dad did come ah and ' s dad gave a speech basically welcoming me to the family oh nice mm and saying how they were really happy that was happy and that was sort of r erm quite an amazing moment really so anyway so that ' s a very long story to get back to
123. and colour it in and then you probably yeah wouldn ' t notice it i wouldn ' t have noticed anyway so oh yeah it ' s immaculate mm it well of course it is yeah it belongs to family of course it ' s immaculate so ' s been having a little tinkle mm but she ' s been studying for her mock exams so she hadn ' t been on it a lot mock exams? mm
136. prior to that i thought the guy was quite very educated but this is some real archaic views about he failed his er language entrance exam a couple of times into into eton yeah and come from a good family erm yes er yes his flaws i think he did you ever watch peaky blinders? yes it ' s back on again he was in that it ' s back on again? yeah the second
138. was on who do you think you are? he ' s either an actor or something or a singer or something i hadn ' t seen him before but yeah they do these celebrities and they do their family tree and er he ' d been estranged from the father he sees him every now and again but not often he ' d left his the father had left his mother when he was quite young yeah but you
139. of people out there walking around that are related to cromwell as well but that do you think we ' re related in any way and shape to somebody famous? i ' ve no idea without doing the family tree i want to get around to it at some time yeah do do that it ' ll be it ' ll be a project to do yeah i ' d be interested to know yeah it will be a
141. ##hm so and are all your family going to be there? such as it is now is and um are and going? no no no cos they ' re not connected with that side of the family how come? well that ' s grandad ' s side oh okay the dreaded will be there i suspect are there an is there anyone you ' re looking forward to seeing going mum? is that
144. ##rbyn has mm because of his background why? does he come from a council estate? i don ' t think so i think he ' s he came from like a lower middle class sort of family but he grew up in the north you know he saw all the problems in the north as he grew up you know they were all around him he ' s from the same neck of the woods as jeremy
145. isn ' t it? yeah i mean knowledge and understanding and understanding er cos i remember when i was young and i was you know the only person ever to go into higher education in the entire family that was a kind of moment of family rejoicing though and people did respect the fact that you went into you know you ' d got er in though in the sense you know of not a very
147. re ill and they they die and you don ' t even hear? well yeah there ' s always those contradictions for the you know again but it wasn ' t always like that like in your family it wasn ' t always you know a nuclear war against one another was it? families deteriorate you know you ' ve got a you ' ve gotta you ' ve gotta work hard but even that
148. the mine i mean they would say for goodness sake if you can get out and do something else go get it was horrible yeah it was a really horrible job we don ' t have miners in our family do we? yes oh how far back? erm well it depends my mother worked in in the coal mines who did? my mother your mother worked in the mines? yeah my mother was a not
150. and you didn ' t you know you you ' re your background your family background it makes a difference to your attitude yeah absolu to accessing information no absolutely on the internet yeah if your family didn ' t read books background and things website for information they would rely on the newspapers yeah well if you ' re if your family wasn ' t politically engaged it ' s probably highly likely they could grow
151. ##u to accessing information no absolutely on the internet yeah if your family didn ' t read books background and things website for information they would rely on the newspapers yeah well if you ' re if your family wasn ' t politically engaged it ' s probably highly likely they could grow up not politically engaged as well yeah that ' s i think that ' s you know it ' s a fact of life but they
158. is she alright to leave? her bloody sister ' s eighteen she ' s she ' s nearly fifteen i was gonna say she ' s fifteen isn ' t she? yeah they do seem a funny family must be absolutely wet through when they get back from jogging some of these people they must mm i got a text today off erm grandma asking whether auntie had bought er christmas presents for us all co
160. the morrison clan scattered about yeah erm and er that ' s it that ' s where it was yeah yeah yeah we looked at a job there once oh yeah? erm one of the morrison family isn ' t it? but we didn ' t get it that ' s who it is they erm they god they wwho was it? someone said that another of our clients erm and
162. ##m knows a lot of people in the local business community i see yeah and they tend to be the people who organise them so ah yeah the people who organised that one at yeah erm are the family who own a builders ' merchants in oh wow yeah and we do loads of business with them and h alalways have done so we know them they know us yeah so when it comes they ' re
163. ll probably do it out of an industrial unit somewhere and trade fairs i think yeah yeah i mean i don ' t know if they ' ve got other jobs i th i think it ' s a family just won you know? wonder if there ' s a been a textile mm yeah yeah business there for a long long time yeah she said her dad had it i don ' t know whether erm yes
167. know winning combination isn ' t it? yeah well i ' m sure there used to be two armchairs actually i wonder where the other one ' s gone did you use to like the royle family the the programme? i never really watched it i never really got into it in fact i don ' t even know if i ' ve seen a whole episode oh yeah? it ' s it was it
169. like the boss yeah the uh like my granda well he he sort of dominated the conversation didn ' t he? no i don ' t know i think people might say that the boss of that family is uh my nana easily it ' s she ' s uh she ' s a feisty person she ' s the driving force and likes a likes likes an anecdote uh she doesn ' t half
174. like like for example criminals i i ' d imagine um yeah i don ' t think any of my friends are criminals to to be normal um you say like something typical about being you know in a family perhaps mhm um the old two point four children or so if you ' re if you ' re at some stage of being in a family then that helps to make you more normal no i don '
175. you say like something typical about being you know in a family perhaps mhm um the old two point four children or so if you ' re if you ' re at some stage of being in a family then that helps to make you more normal no i don ' t think so i don ' t think so lots of families that are very not normal none of my family are very normal no i mean just
176. some stage of being in a family then that helps to make you more normal no i don ' t think so i don ' t think so lots of families that are very not normal none of my family are very normal no i mean just the fact that you ' re in a family makes you more normal maybe think so? normal i don ' t know if i agree might do cos everyone ' s
177. i don ' t think so i don ' t think so lots of families that are very not normal none of my family are very normal no i mean just the fact that you ' re in a family makes you more normal maybe think so? normal i don ' t know if i agree might do cos everyone ' s in a family everyone ' s got a family i guess there ' s more there
178. no i mean just the fact that you ' re in a family makes you more normal maybe think so? normal i don ' t know if i agree might do cos everyone ' s in a family everyone ' s got a family i guess there ' s more there ' s more like more than one type of normal that you are in like yeah that ' s true stereotypes you know sort of standard standard
189. the screen and i chose the thickest student in the class which obviously i didn ' t say okay you thickest student in the class come here but yeah the kind of the black sheep of the family as it were that everybody knew i said okay marina let ' s look at globalization in china can you see anything on wikipedia about it? she was like yes i said okay right now i want you to
193. their cereal and they ' d wait to see whose cereal it was going to come out in probably cos their parents wouldn ' t let them stick their hands in and if you ' re in a family of with children yeah like it ' s alright when you ' re the only child and no one else is going to grab it so what do you want? erm coco pops yeah cos usually i
199. where is the style? yep where ' s the flair? where ' s the flair? giuseppe was style embodied well i heard through my connections that giuseppe actually asked marco to leave his house the the family mansion our house? a few a few days before you know he left us mm firstly gay boy it ' s not it ' s not your house i ' m your stepfather you don ' t talk to
200. hotel copacabana beach i know you can afford it cos you blackmailed my father for years blood money mm blood money trying to get rid of the money we don ' t talk about the family business mm so powerful so sexy how long were you with giuseppe? five years five years did you live in the house for five years? mm at the inclination of erm mrs erm milo mila
206. but you ' ve gotta share with like another family yeah so your whole holiday in that villa would be like sort of shared with the family so yeah if you got stuck in there and if if that family had been the same as the f as the family that we saw at the teppanyaki newcastle the you ' d be kinda s kinda stuck wouldn ' t you? kinda in their holiday ohh
209. be ready she ' d be she ' d be ages and ages in the bathroom and stuff and she ' d be and and cleaning up all the time you know so must run in our sort of family yeah yeah mm well that that that ' s surprising even ' s friend his wife go at it as well yeah yeah she she she used to be on the way to getting bad but he caught her or
210. her head out now so she she ' s you know cos her mum was a bit yeah she ' s been in and and and that and i think that was in in her side of the family and and was like that she got like that didn ' t she? yeah and that ' s probably where get a little of it from probably yeah there ' s no telling is there but now she '
211. how old ' s her sister? oh right so there ' s quite an age difference there ' s quite a difference between the two of them yeah yeah yes but he ' s got a whole other family ' s got erm a half - sister stepsister half - sister half step is is through marriage but no blood no she ' s in her forties with like children oh good lord she doesn '
213. just jajammed oh god i ' m thinking oh gosh here we go but you made it out? just yeah i made it out isn ' t there somebody on your side of the family at university? or some no she ' s finished oh she ' s finished yeah yeah she ' s finished er ' s erm she was doing drama wasn ' t she or something? she was but
217. ' ve earned their spurs they ' now have earnt the place to do you know to go somewhere else not have it themselves but the brother ' s house is next door er which is the old family house i think you may have been there once erm so i mean we could potentially get an o er an an invite from and we don ' t know do we? we don ' t know co
219. the thing you have to say erm is oh god that damn things taping isn ' t it? you ' d better not play that nobody else is gonna hear it i mean nobody in our family anyway mum shouldn ' t always get what mum wants yeah are you with me? yeah of course erm and if he wants to go away she has to think about him what he wants rather than about
221. going off yes i haven ' t got a problem with it but yeah erm probably would be a bit nicer for me if he was around because i don ' t really know anyone in the family other than mum and yeah kind of know a little bit now and obviously ' s really the only one that i feel truly close to but yes yeah erm i ' m not gonna like i said tell
227. t you? the ruby wedding party that we went to yes it did and i think everyone had a good time yes and er it ' s nice to have a chat to er extended members of the family that i have not seen for some time that ' s right mm to what extent do you think it was a surprise? well she said it was a surprise i asked her and she said she hadn '
228. been in and asked them to sort out oh god hair that has erm cut yeah oops yeah i wouldn ' t go there no well we ' ve got we ' ve got members of the family that well yes can that we ' ve got yes oh yeah like oh i ' ve got a family hairdresser li well yeah i ' ve got a choice i ' ve got and and even though
229. i wouldn ' t go there no well we ' ve got we ' ve got members of the family that well yes can that we ' ve got yes oh yeah like oh i ' ve got a family hairdresser li well yeah i ' ve got a choice i ' ve got and and even though i haven ' t had mine done in ages i need it done i sa do have you seen cheryl
239. ' s lovely yeah and and the girl that ' s with her she ' s nice too but when the mormons come round we don ' t like that see whatever happened to discipline in recent decades family life in western lands has changed dramatically at one time parents were in charge and children followed their lead now in some households it seems to be the other way around for example consider the following scenarios all of which
240. you see him ever? no but there ' s too many things that have happened seems like whenever there ' s a divorce the man just doesn ' t just loses all contact with the rest of the family altogether i think he finds it hard i mean who has contact with my dad? nobody eh? i was just saying who has contact with dad nobody absolutely nobody no no nobody on our side do they?
241. hard i mean who has contact with my dad? nobody eh? i was just saying who has contact with dad nobody absolutely nobody no no nobody on our side do they? this is what happens the family divides it ' s horrible it really is horrible mm i think unless the two people stay friends unless there ' s no animosity unless there ' s like no bad feeling his brother the youngest one is
244. yeah course you would course you would bothers me i think what happens is when when it divides like when a marriage breaks and it divides you you pick up new roots with a new part of a family don ' t you? yeah yeah like you have with ' s family he has with what ' s her name? ' s family ' s family and i know he didn ' t move far but it
248. re a weak person emotionally that way i think you can be led by the woman that you ' re with or the man that you ' re with i always say with and and his side of the family cos that ' s not been easy all of the time has it? no at all and i always say and she will you will say erm you know have you rang? or have you this
254. ' t think he wants to marry her for that reason had she not got sick maybe they ' d have got married but yeah yeah but its put him off how they might perceive him yeah because their family are quite well off as long as she writes him in the will that ' s the main thing whether or not she will how is she? i ' m sure they will i ' m sure she would
257. like to do that because let ' s face it i haven ' t got keep the legacy going yeah mm i haven ' t got any inheritance coming ' s not from a ' s from a poorer family than we are yeah i ' m not goi there ' s no way we ' re going to get on the property ladder in it ' s not going to happen yeah well the only inheritance you '
258. face it who who oh okay i thought that was a bit wrong okay but i mean when i hey young man i ' m not actually expecting mum to live to her i mean who in our blood family has lived beyond seventy? nobody you said one erm you were lying how old was nan when she passed? sixty - nine was seventy - two oh nan our nan was sixty - nine your nan was
259. darling no no your toys i ' m thinking practicality like chances are is going to need that money or if that doesn ' t even happen you know we ' re not from a well to do family so they ' ll probably end up going in to some kind of care or something and that just takes all your money i ' m not i ' m just saying i ' m not i ' m not
265. put it away for me? so yeah the eighteenth of august full name full name i can ' t do anything until i ' ve got that box in the cupboard oh so that one ' s your family name family and then first yeah god don ' t worry about it just cross it out cross it out? yeah so first is second name? yeah go for it and full name so i have to put
274. in charge of our group oh yeah if i had a pound for every day somebody asks me that she wasn ' t related i would be as rich as him yeah that was funny she should do a family tree she might have been related oh they can go and claim money back from him middlesbrough have lent carlisle a defender that ' s nice i hope carlisle ' s hartlepool all pretty much guaranteed to stay
275. ##s i think she goes erm oh i think she goes every three shush monday to thursday erm so it ' s quite a big commitment every day? monday to thursday yeah does the whole family go then or is it just her? i don ' t i don ' t know i think her mum goes with her right let ' s see if this presentation will work on this computer your dad was
281. with everybody else yeah the reason it ' s so funny is cos l your dad ' s quite posh so to answer to yeah is quite funny but i think cos that side of the family the er like our family ' s always been from london and i think they think yeah he ' s trying to better himself by moving down to the south coast and moving out of london and we ' re
282. reason it ' s so funny is cos l your dad ' s quite posh so to answer to yeah is quite funny but i think cos that side of the family the er like our family ' s always been from london and i think they think yeah he ' s trying to better himself by moving down to the south coast and moving out of london and we ' re just gonna carry on calling
283. she ' s another one of ' s friends okay really nice girl mm beautiful how old is she? thirty? yeah mm yes stick thin beautiful features she ' s from she ' s assamese her family ' s like east indian where ' s assamee? assam is part of india it ' s like it ' s like a tea - growing region you know like you can get assam tea? yeah yeah
286. kebab van you give us food yeah like very strange behaviour yeah i ' ve never heard that one before i mean no and they ' re loaded as well are they? that side of the family are that ' s tight that is tight it is yeah so i was like to my mum i ' m looking forward to my wedding what are you gonna do? have a house party? head butt someone
289. yeah you ' ve got people and jobs yeah and then you ' ve got money et cetera yeah that ' s what an actual tree diagram oh it ' s a looks like it ' s a family tree it ' s really boring yeah i much prefer mine yeah i do i like yours i know i thought i liked it too it was quite yeah oh the other thing he said he doesn ' t use
299. he ' s ginger at heart and i was just like at heart come on no he isn ' t i reckon they forgot they ' ve gone oh shit he is ginger yeah yeah cos the whole family is ginger it ' s just something you can ' t really get passed no yeah cos the whole weasley fan co fan? the whole weasley weasley gang is is ginger they
301. don ' t quite understand cos i don ' t know him enough to to place him so and so there ' s like arguments on climate change cos we have climate change deniers in our family and erm yeah and erm er no it ' s a struggle that one cos i y cos that one ' s just such a struggle for me cos i was like i was like
302. t get any gcses erm because er his dad was really strict when he was younger and his mum like loved him but his dad was always is this like you then? this like our family his his dad no it ' s not it ' s one shh listen is telling his dad was also his great grandad his dad was his great grandad what? how does that work out?
303. are really big look at the size of his fucking bald head hope doesn ' t go bald i find him really unattractive bald i have the same fear with cos baldness runs in his family same as and i ' m absolutely terrified i keep telling him like like erm during your oh what ' s that thing? erm slip an idea in subconsciously like go and get a hair transplant
308. ever well usually everybody is expected to behave in a prescribed manner which is? well you have to try and maintain harmony and er happiness even though you know like as in the west at christmas time most family feuds ' ll rekindle themselves don ' t they at christmas? so i think to a certain extent it happens in china as well but not to such a great extent because they don ' t
312. salt so i yeah okay although er erm you know so everything he says i don ' t take it seriously but erm like i said the point that he is he does he does share the family surname so er yeah there aren ' t many of us and if or i never have children well it ' s soon to die out well no erm going back to my s half - sister i believe
313. you write the month in words? so what do we say? yeah they ' re a little particular so what do we say it was the twentieth twentieth of august yeah two thousand and fourteen full name family name you ' re a then dad? you ' re going as a? yes this is going to look good isn ' t it? not at all how old are you then pa? er almost fifty
315. ##bby okay i ' ll just tell you the erm description of this one not the price situated in a highly sought after location a beautifully presented and extensive i haven ' t looked at it yet detached family home with character and charm throughout mm landscape private gardens paddocks and stables paddocks everyone needs a paddock best buy a few horses double garage studio and home office love is a hamlet with two
319. ? yeah yeah mm mm yeah i noticed very big yeah they ' re all s and s yes and there ' s lots of s mind you yes in fact there ' ve been two s in the family mm a bit too many hm yes aand you ' re in one as well e well not you i mean your name within once it was a dentist do you remember? she ' d ' ve said
327. yeah so ah princess princess okay what ' s your dog ' s name? churchill really? yeah churchill who named him churchill? my brother did oh my gosh it ' s because like in my family we all our names begin with c oh is it? yeah that is so sweet i want to do that but h isn ' t a very good initial there ' s not much h names i i was
328. like those ones i like the greek names the greek names yeah but come on that ' s a bit awkward for a child called hercules oh no i have erm not a cousin but someone in the family named i don ' t want to have any names that ' s in our family because on the same side i have two my auntie and my uncle named their first daughters yeah oh and they ' re
329. ' s a bit awkward for a child called hercules oh no i have erm not a cousin but someone in the family named i don ' t want to have any names that ' s in our family because on the same side i have two my auntie and my uncle named their first daughters yeah oh and they ' re i think they ' re only a couple of years apart oh i know isn '
330. that ' s little brother yeah the first ' s little brother has the same birthday as me ah and like it ' s just too much i can ' t be having all of this doubles in the family so i ' ll have to have names that nobody else has ooh that ' s why everyone is gonna be called what? the household ' s gonna be okay don ' t you think that ' s
332. do you know that ' s coming is that alright? yeah of course he ' s a he ' s a he ' s a littlest hobo or whatever yeah he ' s part of the family thank you for the food wanna have a disco? rave rave disco disco dinner erm do you want more chilli? will you bring my wine in please? yeah thanks and this shit too thank you
338. yeah we don ' t have that in this country i ' m just telling you a story that said no please don ' t use americanisms in this house we don ' t do that in this family do we? we ' re not anti - american but we just don ' t we just hate anything american no it ' s not that it ' s just that our language is become americanised by the
345. four weeks ago mm oh i think it was oh should be standing now i like the queen i really do i like the queen i do long live our noble queen i like the whole rroyal family and i don ' t get people like that don ' t like them cos they ' re jealous but actually actively doesn ' t like em jealous when you left me very nice that there ' s nothing
346. s how she makes her money really well i suppose it is yeah yeah i don ' t think i think she ' s i think i think she ' s i think she comes from quite a wealthy family yeah? yeah i get the impression it ' s it ' s quite a wealthy family yeah isn ' t erm he ' s a grafter is yeah erm but er i dunno w co
347. t think i think she ' s i think i think she ' s i think she comes from quite a wealthy family yeah? yeah i get the impression it ' s it ' s quite a wealthy family yeah isn ' t erm he ' s a grafter is yeah erm but er i dunno w cos she ' s gonna be a childminder is she? so all the paperwork
354. look sixteen to one sixteen to one yeah so who is it you do those horses with? your mate round the corner? yeah? mm what ' s ' s name? not today but is his family n beginning of his family name? i can ' t think of the other name just call him? yeah strange just shorten someone ' s name mm how old ' s? he ' s about seventy
355. to one yeah so who is it you do those horses with? your mate round the corner? yeah? mm what ' s ' s name? not today but is his family n beginning of his family name? i can ' t think of the other name just call him? yeah strange just shorten someone ' s name mm how old ' s? he ' s about seventy - five i think mm
358. ' re a family and you all wa and you ' re all sat in the same room sometimes you know it ' s nice to be you i mean but you ' re not part of a big family anyway are you? yeah but sometimes you you would have disagreements and arguments over what to watch fights over who ' s got the remote control and things but that ' s all part of being part of the
359. you? yeah but sometimes you you would have disagreements and arguments over what to watch fights over who ' s got the remote control and things but that ' s all part of being part of the big family but then if you if someone was watching something that you didn ' t wanna watch would you not just go up and like do something else? cos then you ' re just sitting there watching something you
360. t really wanna watch mm and you ' re just kind of sitting there like nah but i mean sometimes you can sit down and watch stuff but you ' re talking as well with other people in your family aren ' t you? but then nobody ' s really watching it cos it the people that maybe who really want to watch it are getting disturbed by the talking and the like i can ' t fully
362. that ' s mine i never met uncle you did no oh yes i let ' s see what for? look at that mum that ' s unkind bom thanks for that have you read this family ballad? i thought doesn ' t it say ballard? ballad of family rules no there ' s an r there b a l l a and then the r is obscured by the dress d well but where
371. not been sent an invitation yet so i think it ' s just oh planned oh sounds rather nice yeah yes okay that ' s right i suppose he ' ll have to decide where it is because her family is all in america yeah i think her mother came over once didn ' t she? that ' s right yes she came over i think it was this year actually was it? oh right i didn '
373. thought well that ' s probably true because this country is different to most countries in europe yes well yes because a very small minority of people own the vast majority of land like yeah you know the royal family for example yeah yeah own huge swathes of the south west don ' t they? i think prince er charles duchy of cornwall yeah all down cornwall they don ' t they? er and it ' s
375. i do that i do if my parents are there we have a family dinner yeah yeah we we eat our dinner on our knees in front of the tv do you? oh you ' re a tv family yeah but we do have some dinners on you on your table don ' t you? yeah when when we entertain made a massive roast on yeah ah oh when we entertain darling let me get my little finger
376. and the pug i don ' t think i w i will have pets unless my husband really really really wants them then i might i ' ll be like i ' ll be like alright cool my family ' s always said i might go wild huh? my my my dad and my mum have always said how unethical they feel owning pets are oh why? cos they ' re like oh fish
380. she kind of lives her life you think she ' ll have any more children? probably i hope not but hope they don ' t like divorce or anything that ' s just going to be another wrecked family it ' s not on but what can you do? you can ' t do anything it ' s people ' s life to live isn ' t it? people ' s mistakes to make yeah and they
383. well that ' s one of the only ones that i know that was a quality limerick thank you um who was the author? i don ' t know i just remembered it was it someone in your family maybe one of the older members like? probably actually it probably was my nana all me best jokes are me nana ' s like the one about the elephant? like steven segal films are good? that
384. tomorrow your great grandad ' s birthday can you imagine that? is it? yeah mm first of february yeah yeah grangrandad mm yeah have you ever done? have you ever researched your family tree or anything? i ' ve begun did you? i ' m at it i did it through was it genes reunited? or was it? i did sign up for something and i started but it
386. umayyad caliphate was between like the years of eight hundred bc to no i think it ended it ended around one thousand bc something like right okay but erm after the prophet muhammad died yeah his family and his generals yeah soon went on to conquer lots of lands yeah in the middle east and north africa okay yeah yeah yeah and er eventually yeah one of the caliphates yeah whose family name was the the
387. died yeah his family and his generals yeah soon went on to conquer lots of lands yeah in the middle east and north africa okay yeah yeah yeah and er eventually yeah one of the caliphates yeah whose family name was the the umay was umayyad yeah hence the name umayyad caliphate oh i see conquered all of north africa yeah all of the middle east and southern spain and parts of italy yeah
388. ' t be arsed dealer chip ' s gone you got? no on now it ' s gone quarter to ten he ' s sat sat down with his ipad i just thought i was like every family has an ipad? no they don ' t does your family have an ipad? no yeah thank you we do does your family have an ipad? you mate you absolutely got shut down no ipad why do
389. ? no on now it ' s gone quarter to ten he ' s sat sat down with his ipad i just thought i was like every family has an ipad? no they don ' t does your family have an ipad? no yeah thank you we do does your family have an ipad? you mate you absolutely got shut down no ipad why do you have an ipad? everyone ' s got an ipad that
391. ' re very easy to read like a twelve - year - old could read it yeah erm what about that? and she was like oh i don ' t know and i said why because their family is really religious they ' re not even allowed to wa to read harry potter oh whoa it ' s like what how has religion i couldn ' t understand it yeah how does it marry up? it '
392. last time if you ' re the dad you ' re not going to let your stepson hit on your daughter are you? well they don ' t really see him as like a member of the family do they? who is he? he ' s the son of his of who? his ex - wife of his ex - wife right my tongue is hurting yeah my tongue hurts i ' ve just ni
395. though? yeah like small world met her like completely like no connections whatsoever just met her at uni in our halls and it turns out her dad ' s from the same place my dad e my family are yeah same with you really yeah ah cos she ' s like from like not far from me at all it ' s a small world so small innit? we only have one mutual friend though
397. like you were in hong kong again? yeah i always say the same city as well how come? this girl i went on a girl i went with on a date is from hong kong well her family ' s from hong kong what are you doing? money money rich rich go on marry a rich wife saying that i ' d quite happy to live in a gynocracy what ' s one
400. yeah of normal people of normality yeah oh guy sounds like he ' s better off without her though yeah what a crazy woman yeah but it ' s just you know it screws up the whole family ' s life doesn ' t it? because yeah i bet he ' s regretting the whole marriage thing now yeah he ' s a bit jaded like when we went to that party last weekend he
408. erm years and years and years ago erm and but i had never it had never crossed my mind that i might get cancer because my mother goes around saying there isn ' t cancer in our family nobody in our family has got cancer erm never heard of anybody having cancer erm and so therefore i er i had kind of on some real subliminal level thought i ' m not i '
409. years and years ago erm and but i had never it had never crossed my mind that i might get cancer because my mother goes around saying there isn ' t cancer in our family nobody in our family has got cancer erm never heard of anybody having cancer erm and so therefore i er i had kind of on some real subliminal level thought i ' m not i ' m not going to
410. m not gonna be prone to cancer i don ' t know why i would have swallowed that message whole it seemed to me that i suppose that there is some logic in that that if nobody in the family had ever had cancer then obviously there isn ' t a a kind of genetic component in our family like the bra gene or what brca yeah gene the brca gene whatever so erm i suppose i
411. whole it seemed to me that i suppose that there is some logic in that that if nobody in the family had ever had cancer then obviously there isn ' t a a kind of genetic component in our family like the bra gene or what brca yeah gene the brca gene whatever so erm i suppose i just had this sort of whole sense of security about it but but actually an even falser because
420. and also the fact that you you don ' t have the local accent you don ' t have the local so you ' re clearly an incomer mm mm er mm er my sister even within my family i am now treated as a foreigner rea right yes erm wow they and they that must be so verbally said that strange they verbally said that that they feel that way erm so there
422. be doing with this because i shall be rude to people i shall be all sorts of things mm which would sort of make my father very angry with me because yeah and it would reflect back on the family yeah yeah go back on the family yeah mm did you know that your daughter was the? yeah yeah mm oh my yeah god arguing about which fish went with the with the chips yeah yeah and she gave
423. be rude to people i shall be all sorts of things mm which would sort of make my father very angry with me because yeah and it would reflect back on the family yeah yeah go back on the family yeah mm did you know that your daughter was the? yeah yeah mm oh my yeah god arguing about which fish went with the with the chips yeah yeah and she gave that lad what for you know ah
432. ##m is us you know us being here near them is not necessarily something that ' s great for us ultimately yeah yeah yeah you know i know that that we ' ve got to think about the whole family yeah too so i don ' t know i mean sometimes i feel or i ' ve even contemplated erm moving back for a year or something and just erm just er cos even for it might
447. for me mm and we had a very good relationship but it was just different well i i mean i don ' t know how true it is with other people but i was the first person in my family to go to university my parents had no understanding yeah of what was involved and so fine you know it was up to me to get on and do the a levels and so on whereas we ' ve done
448. ' t it? how it all how different it is but erm no i mean i just remember well i didn ' t go to university was the first person in our in our our erm family to go to university and erm so we so from that point of view i i started work at eighteen but i just look back and think you know if i ' m short of money or anything i
450. stu squat in y in in in well to be honest there ' s that one that one bought us with the four leaf clover on and this one this one came from somewhere on your side of the family and so did that one that ' s ' s yeah i remember that one that ' s a nice one that pass pass that way thank you thank you have these been round? mm sausage rolls yes yes
451. ##zzarella rings and quiche after you i bet this will take some blooming heck do you want any mum?? oh no it ' s heavy oh that ' s from your side of the family as well it is yeah do you own anything mum? no not when it comes to pots and pans i do actually i own a few pass the please yeah you do since i ' ve left yeah
458. to theatre because he was the only one on duty so he came so obviously then he ' d seen the baby not her choice then he told his wife obviously and they told all their side of the family before she ' d even had chance to hold the baby telling everybody he said she was did she know what it was? i don ' t ev i don ' t know if she ' d been she
464. good do they? he ' s such a mummy ' s boy yeah oh and he was first born as well then? yeah yeah and the first like grandchild as well in that side of the family oh really? yeah erm but yeah i don ' t know he ' s he ' s such a little mummy ' s boy that ' s why she ' s driving that ' s why she drove
471. bits so it they ' ve got all his personal documentation his id cards his medals he was mentioned in dispatches yeah they ' ve got a complete record of one sergeant in yeah military police a real family pride then on an anc er as of an ancestor really yes and i didn ' t want it to get lost in the future no no i thought that speak up oh they ' ve gone by if
473. and it ' s assured now and you you can rest rest assured i mean i ' ve got a collection of erm lloyd george memorabilia not that i ' ve they ' re just things that the family had that for some reason people gave to me no one else wanted them no and erm i got a lot of books erm and mmy idea one day was to go through them and maybe write
476. man called porsche who of course famously started up the the porsche make but erm he was responsible for the design and subsequently took a share of the volkswagen company and now today he own porsche the porsche family owns fifty - one percent of volkswagen of volkswagen? mm which is the biggest co car company in the world is it? you don ' t see german cars in asia at all imagine they ' re having
477. youngest child but he always goes oh you ' re the youngest i don ' t know what it is he can ' t quite register it somehow he ' s in the middle so he had a complicated family didn ' t he? yeah lots of mothers and fathers all over the shop lots of step relationships going on yeah the amazing part is how they all get together every friday mm all the various wives of his
478. disappeared basically so really ' s father completely raised brought up the three children brought up the three child brought the older son up as well as his own in every sense mm and he was fully inside their family mm although he does have a relationship with his father now his real father kind of came back into the picture but it ' s quite sort of erm and i think sometimes i have the sense he has
481. in her sixties and they ' re both erm great mm you know still very living and both have their careers going on and whatever but they ' re they ' re erm they ' re little family situation is just the three of them most of the time so it does make a difference i think mm but they ' re a sweet little family mm so yeah yes so i was interested so so you were
482. ' re they ' re erm they ' re little family situation is just the three of them most of the time so it does make a difference i think mm but they ' re a sweet little family mm so yeah yes so i was interested so so you were saying the ' s dad is seventy so he was born in forty - five but that was already in israel yes so they they they set up
494. li you know very kind of modern they ' re not they ' re non - religious people for instance they don ' t have any objection to the fact that i am not jewish right whereas your average family might really? mm not might would have oh would they? yeah i mean it ' s not really the done thing mm but you know they for them that ' s completely you know their family have travelled
496. t thought about the jews actually we can ask well i don ' t know if would know i wouldn ' t say are you ethnically arab? so is he ashkenazi then? yes his family are ashkenazi classic and where do they originate then? erm romania germany and poland i think and russia his father ' s russian yes sorry i mean his specific family come? that ' s what
497. ##azi then? yes his family are ashkenazi classic and where do they originate then? erm romania germany and poland i think and russia his father ' s russian yes sorry i mean his specific family come? that ' s what i ' m talking about yeah they ' re usually a mixture you know because someone would come from russia someone would come i think his mum is from romania and his father is
498. same same that ' s his grandson isn ' t it? yeah and they ' re more or less the same time yeah it was about two thousand bc abraham is supposed to be the father of the family isn ' t he? of the family yeah the tribe they actually call themselves a tribe the jew the jewish people mm actually there are twelve tribes of israel aren ' t there? oh yeah they were the
499. ' t it? yeah and they ' re more or less the same time yeah it was about two thousand bc abraham is supposed to be the father of the family isn ' t he? of the family yeah the tribe they actually call themselves a tribe the jew the jewish people mm actually there are twelve tribes of israel aren ' t there? oh yeah they were the brothers weren ' t they? i should
501. have another one they might even rival yours mum mm? they might even rival yours well and that ' s hard cos that ' s about my only culinary success yeah yours are the best in the family yeah you do do a nice roast potato mm yeah i must say well i think these actually equal them they do actually i peeled them did i tell you? which i think is part of the experience mm
502. money as we say yeah mm it is so old it ' s it ' s older the old so have to buy yet another one yeah erm it ' s not we ' re not damaging the family silver no no er the the er er the risk is is of course not erm er damage to the blooming tablecloth the risk is going through to the table underneath that ' s it yeah er
505. got bea mm ' s got a big beard he ' s had that for a while though erm god who else? lots of people have got beards yeah er the other male people in my family i suppose you know bu nnot and one would be one would be trimmed right down mm yeah and of course lots of them have to shave er as they yeah they keep it trimmed down yeah but of
508. i ' m mentioned in the acknowledgements ah how lovely erm and these books sell for about eighty pounds a shot cos they ' re going to university libraries or some specific departments things like islamic family law women ' s legal position in china it ' s all very very specific and specialised erm so what she does obviously is sort of it ' s not to do with the content but it ' s
511. pay your age mm that ' s a different way of doing it clever way isn ' t it? see? erm but then an adult is forty - five pound mm and the family is the family ' s seventy - five i think erm but it ' s it ' s it ' s quite oh no no coucouples are seventy - five but there will be lots of people saying they
514. bits a bit when he was in the in mm oh one where is it she? erm er it ' s interesting but there we are anyway cos she she was like another member of the family wasn ' t she really? when she cashe came down yeah she was quite yeah mm she she said to me that erm it really wouldn ' t help with her growing up coming down to er
523. younger half - sister and a younger half - brother wow wow yeah that ' s a lot it is that ' s a crowd isn ' t it? that ' s what you call a a modern family isn ' t it? yeah yeah i ' ve never met the half - brother and sister but that you know because they were my like my dad ' s second family yeah erm so though i see
524. what you call a a modern family isn ' t it? yeah yeah i ' ve never met the half - brother and sister but that you know because they were my like my dad ' s second family yeah erm so though i see him now and i ' m mentioned maybe like catching up with them would be nice and he ' s not yes he ' s like avoided it so but for me i
530. in a few months later they ' d bought his business so he ' s one of our directors now so it all worked out karma wise so yeah yeah yeah even though i ' m sure that his family still are a bit like oh cos he ' s only got ten percent and stuff but you know but he didn ' t do it oh has he? he he could quite easily have bought some stock
531. ' t it? they were saying that volkswagen really was quite a corrupt company really is what they were saying weren ' t they? yeah erm or not corrupt but that it was it was a family business the it was a family business and you needed a board that that would question what was happening so i see yeah they all they were all saying you know what do you think happened and they said they
532. saying that volkswagen really was quite a corrupt company really is what they were saying weren ' t they? yeah erm or not corrupt but that it was it was a family business the it was a family business and you needed a board that that would question what was happening so i see yeah they all they were all saying you know what do you think happened and they said they all the panel all agreed they
534. alright on my regular commute yes yes you ' ll ah have to get used to it won ' t you and? yes obviously i will probably be a fairly high mileage driver within the immediate family i know you ' ll be notching up a few miles soon won ' t you? yes mm i think one of the main hazards for you is slow moving traffic mm on the a64 yes if
535. marries thrushcross ' s sister why? why? because he wants to take control over thrushcross grange right? so if he has a kid by her if he ' s married into the family he will get control of this place yeah? but ain ' t that weird like seeing like the girl you love with your brother - in - law? it ' s very odd it ' s just but
557. s really a shame that ' s naughty yes yeah that ' s wrong yeah yes and they had a personal well they are really you know meaning as well i think it was obviously some relative of the family well yes which was sold them off i suppose bit dishonest of them little bit dishonest yeah yeah cos my i know mother wanted one of the pictures yes well you would wouldn ' t
558. be quite good at those he was always on got commissions for it you know for for paintings oh right yes some of the modern painting there mm so yeah hasn ' t gone down the line in the family cos i ' m i ' m no i ' m hopeless no no good at painting dad ' s not bad my dad is he good at painting? oh yes he used to be didn ' t
559. and give me lessons but i was never any good i trod on people ' s toes and i gave it up but er your grandma yes your grandma used to love dancing yeah who else in the family did dancing? oh it ' s erm ' s daughter wasn ' t it? oh? yeah yeah she used to do dancing that ' s right she did yes mm er yeah she used to do
560. in my mum ' s hou er ' s house i would say it was forbidden alcohol in the house you couldn ' t bring anything in oh right yeah yes and m erm dad ' s family as well when grandpa was growing up oh was it? he said there was no alcohol in his house oh was it? oh but he had uncles he had an uncle who used to make his own homemade
561. yeah yeah yeah he did well and he sold it on well at the right time actually yes yeah he did well he did yeah really very good yeah that ' s right yeah good head for business the family oh well well he did alright yes and better working for themselves i think the s it ' s interesting isn ' t it your family? because you ' ve you know ran your own business yeah did and
562. very good yeah that ' s right yeah good head for business the family oh well well he did alright yes and better working for themselves i think the s it ' s interesting isn ' t it your family? because you ' ve you know ran your own business yeah did and even the ladies of the family if you think about what they ' ve done they ' ve mostly worked for themselves or they ' ve
563. yes and better working for themselves i think the s it ' s interesting isn ' t it your family? because you ' ve you know ran your own business yeah did and even the ladies of the family if you think about what they ' ve done they ' ve mostly worked for themselves or they ' ve certainly been happiest working for their mum yeah yeah has worked for other people but she was always
564. ' t it? cos i mean all those saudi kings and queens they like coming to have a chat with the royalty over here don ' t they? yes mm well well i think the royal family the least the leaders of the royal family are quite progressive but the problem is they can ' t impose change because the yeah the sheiks and erm well particularly the religious leaders are very strong and
565. all those saudi kings and queens they like coming to have a chat with the royalty over here don ' t they? yes mm well well i think the royal family the least the leaders of the royal family are quite progressive but the problem is they can ' t impose change because the yeah the sheiks and erm well particularly the religious leaders are very strong and powerful so if they try to force through
567. some er indian lady used to come and do some work oh right over there and she used to send the money back what she earned back to india like cos there were four of them in her family yes that ' s right yeah yeah they support their families a lot of them with like one salary might support ten people cos it ' ll go a lot further of course the same salary yes yeah goes
569. is it? no this is right so this is my not real dad not my sister ' s dad stepdad stepdad mine and my sister ' s dad yeah christ you ' ve got a complicated family ain ' t you? yeah a bit i ' ve just got regular so now i have a stepdad yeah another stepdad how many dads would you call dad if you know what i mean?
571. stuff cos i might say something cos i hate talking about things when other people haven ' t got them that ' s really pisses me off yeah me too because i ' ve had a family where i have been lucky enough to be stable and everything so when i say things like about my mum and dad i realise that other people don ' t have a stable mum and dad yeah for most of
576. quite mm oh dear we said that the other day in the yes car didn ' t we mm we said it at mm exactly the same moment as well oh dear i think that ' s come into family folklore yes hasn ' t it absolutely mm oh dear sorry what was your question before? i ' d just asked you if you ' d had your last payment from spain mm and you said yes but it
577. that on that ' ll be a no then have you got that on record? no do you maybe not agree with me? oh sorry could you repeat that? no this is some relative of the family well nanny told me that this was this ring was given to her by a lady with whom she worked in hospital whose daughter had died in this motorcycle accident well that ' s the first i ' ve heard
578. mm i don ' t know er i think her memory for past events is not too bad but i ' ve noticed that she ' s got things incidents from two separate occurrences mixed um runs in the family then and there was one one occasion a couple of weeks ago i can ' t remember what it was now but she said something had happened to one person and i said no it wasn ' t it was
579. you want to sort them out for? when we were at the funeral my cousin ' s wife who ' s the first time i ' ve ever met her mhm um she wants to investigate the family tree mhm and she doesn ' t know much and knows even less and couldn ' t care less who is then? my cousin through who? grandad ' s side grandad ' s sister '
580. edna um and we ' ve got two things from the census two bits of the census records for nanny ' s side and grandad ' s side mhm we ' ve got the entries in the family bible from when my great - grandparents got married were they nanny ' s side though? no grandad ' s side okay um was that welsh bible from mm grandad ' s side? mhm well
586. date they ' d be miles apart they could be two and they could be sixty - two yeah but that ' s i still that ' s well think about it my brother three three people in our family three boys in our family and i ' m born on the same day my brother was born on yeah but that that ' s not usual yeah but but yeah but if you think logically about it think
587. miles apart they could be two and they could be sixty - two yeah but that ' s i still that ' s well think about it my brother three three people in our family three boys in our family and i ' m born on the same day my brother was born on yeah but that that ' s not usual yeah but but yeah but if you think logically about it think logically about it yeah
593. of it and maybe decided not to read any more of it yeah i ' d heard so many good things about it and then i er oh yeah it ' s about the it ' s in the family the little afghanistan boy it starts yeah it starts off with the little lad yeah i have read it actually yeah oh yeah i enjoyed it i r i loved it to be begin with couldn ' t put it
594. there but it gets mouldy because you ' re never working? oh my god i want to eat oranges why would you wanna eat orange? because it ' s nice oh the whole orange family is disgusting have you ever tried to eat a lime? eat a lime? i was like i remember we had like a bowl of them at home and i was like erm they can ' t be
595. erm there was a particular section in the book that i just read where er i mean basically he ' s a sort of teenage boy living at home his parents it ' s a very dysfunctional family yeah his parents are sort of heading for a break - up his grandfather and grandmother are living in the house as well his grandfather ' s seriously ill with cancer but he doesn ' t know that and yeah
597. is you do a lot of cooking back home don ' t you? plate do you do more than or do you just sort of? yeah who ' s regarded as the better cook? in my family it ' s my husband mm er and the same with yours? your your children would say that? yeah yeah yeah aand would yes yes yeah well that ' s the same with our family yes yeah
598. my family it ' s my husband mm er and the same with yours? your your children would say that? yeah yeah yeah aand would yes yes yeah well that ' s the same with our family yes yeah so so er mind the plate it ' s hot yeah oh lovely oh perfect oh look there you are english lamb it is too mm should be welsh mind you but i ' m it ' s
599. my sister so scotland came into the conversation and then erm montrose came in and mm the wife said oh i ' ve got a relative who who lives is er is might be f she said her family came from that area that was it actually and erm er the it turned out that er and then she said that her her cousin whwho who ' s who actually lives in as opposed to
601. small look it ' s con convex look yeah but if you think of that as no that ' s bigger no no if you think of circular i didn ' t mean to install it to cause a family rift i ' ll take it away i ' ll take the flush away and you ' ll have to do a bucket so all of this yeah well to me that no but think of the diameter no okay
606. friends are here if she tells him that she had sex yeah yeah they had sex she thinks they ' re gonna act funny mm she thinks they ' re gonna be like oh you come from a muslim family i don ' t think they ' ll act like that but i think they will think what the hell is she doing? right i think they ' ll think that but i don ' t think they '
607. well he didn ' t say that ' s cos she asked who am i playing i ' m not playing oh oh i thought it was a mixed match unbelievable feel this is a very dysfunctional family unbelievable why? why? you can ' t follow a conversation does anybody want salt? no? no thanks mind you you struggle to follow a tennis match er i can ' t follow the score when i
614. because taught him english in primary school and helped him it ' s not only that let ' s be honest it ' s that it ' s about the fact that has been good to us as a family no absolutely yeah no i i agree and and if anything was to happen to any of us oh and and they ' d look after us we ' d look after them and or yeah yeah needed to go
615. ' s got so many friends and she ' s into the art scene and she ' s done really really well for herself backed by ' s money obviously but she she is probably the opposite to our family yeah she is the opposite to our family she eats healthily there ' s no crisps she ' s horrified by our diet she ' s into sport she is whereas we look at and you know she
616. ' s into the art scene and she ' s done really really well for herself backed by ' s money obviously but she she is probably the opposite to our family yeah she is the opposite to our family she eats healthily there ' s no crisps she ' s horrified by our diet she ' s into sport she is whereas we look at and you know she ' ll go to the art of er
622. and then six years and then nine years yeah so what you were saying there about your mum i felt although i was from not the biggest of families but amongst my friends i yeah probably had the biggest family yeah but i often felt like as a little girl that i did a lot of my growing up on my own mm a lot of my playing on my own yeah or with my friends but not with my
636. like when she was around on the weekend and she was ill and she didn ' t talk apart from the time when we were talking about how tall she was yeah and it was like yeah all my family are midgets and i was like right okay yeah but like i ' m taller than most of my family and they ' re not midgets yeah exactly i wouldn ' t be like to my
637. when we were talking about how tall she was yeah and it was like yeah all my family are midgets and i was like right okay yeah but like i ' m taller than most of my family and they ' re not midgets yeah exactly i wouldn ' t be like to my mum and be like you ' re a midget you ' re a midget yeah but i don ' t
640. inside get inside mwah mwah mwah is that is that her daughter? there ' s a baby on the floor the baby ' s on the floor again oh my days weird though the sims family the way they like why is she on the floor? er she ' s c dad ' s had her wrapped up a baby she ' s just a baby you ' re like a baby only thing is
645. to you? i don ' t know i don ' t get him argue it i think he ' s like he was like oh yeah or cos like apparently loloads of people in his family smoke family yeah like even though like really old people and he ' s like oh yeah they ' ve smoked for so many years and they ' re still fine like maybe i ' ve got good genes or
653. they don ' t need to worry about it so i think i mean i think it ' s a sad situation when it just when you ' re when you ' ve got so much love in the family and people just wanna love those children and be there for those children mm and things like this are being er are being are questioned and er and almost you know argued over does it really matter? let the
657. no point in that no i was genuinely you know i ' ve started thinking about mum and dad as well and like grounds for divorce and i understand now why i think mum was trying to convince the family that my dad was an alcoholic and i ' m pretty sure that she used that as a reason for divorce cos she had no grounds for divorce on all of the grounds for divorce on the website the
661. ' t blame my parents for that now i guess i just take it on my shoulder as something i don ' t wanna make that mistake again i don ' t want that mistake to happen in my family oh my god do you know how many c do you know how many conversations that and i have had in the past? not so much recently because i ' m very you know i ' m fine with
662. i ' ve had the conversation like i don ' t wanna be that way no i don ' t wanna do this if something happens with even with his parents which is very regular cos they his family ' s very calm mm erm and no drama whatsoever erm the w you know more so with my side of the family it it er there ' s so many things that happen i just think like
663. happens with even with his parents which is very regular cos they his family ' s very calm mm erm and no drama whatsoever erm the w you know more so with my side of the family it it er there ' s so many things that happen i just think like er promise me promise me that ' s just we ' re not gonna be that way yeah that that isn ' t gonna happen
664. i i hope that we can learn from their mistakes i think we can but we ' ll make our own mistakes down the road no of course no definitely it worries me that pe some people in the family are having children quite young and stuff i ' m like concern just cos the amount of years you ' ve got like i was surprised that and had had a child yeah i know so young and i
676. she not got sick they probably would ' ve got married mm and he ' d been talking about it but now she ' s like terminally ill he erm she ' s from quite a wealthy family and i guess he feels like if he marries her now then it may look like he ' s after her money or something so he really doesn ' t wanna do that god how ' s your how is
680. next time it says family and first but i just put oh maybe just draw an arrow like sorry i ' m talking to you and i ' m not concentrating properly what ' s family? what does family mean? family ' s your family name oh right i ' m doing this all wrong family and then what was that meant to be? first? can i lie about my age? yeah so just family
682. but i just put oh maybe just draw an arrow like sorry i ' m talking to you and i ' m not concentrating properly what ' s family? what does family mean? family ' s your family name oh right i ' m doing this all wrong family and then what was that meant to be? first? can i lie about my age? yeah so just family do you mean surname and forename
686. do you know what? mum says that mum says that yeah just the curly hair and the kind of she looks cheeky she looks really cheeky she loo if you put her with ' s family you ' d think she was italian mm she ' s got that sort of look about her but i think is just more me and you ' ve got a wonderful blend of culture going on in your all
687. d think she was italian mm she ' s got that sort of look about her but i think is just more me and you ' ve got a wonderful blend of culture going on in your all your family it ' s really good yeah like well a lot of people are like quite intrigued cos they ' ll see sort of their to be honest they prob their colouring doesn ' t give erm
695. bits i do but i ' m just like it ' s erm no no no don ' t be silly no we all think it i mean and er ' s children on that side of the family they basically have no contact with em because of er pretty much they don ' t wwhy? because of? s and because the whole uncle and hasn ' t had enough time being a grandfather because
698. asked to be put back on the list and uh they uh what she say oh she she came out to se to visit us cos they went in and said oh yes there ' s an artistic family here cos of me and dad selling it up a bit and ah talking to the other to the person who does the exhibition oh yeah and so the owner came out she ' s got these dragonfly
711. i actually really like audis i like driving my dad ' s it ' s good it fucking it if if you ' ve ever been in one i love audis we we ' re an audi family but what i ' m saying i ' m a mini oh we ' re an audi family that ' s a sort of tag line for a the next ad campaign i i mean i to be honest with
712. fucking it if if you ' ve ever been in one i love audis we we ' re an audi family but what i ' m saying i ' m a mini oh we ' re an audi family that ' s a sort of tag line for a the next ad campaign i i mean i to be honest with you if i had the money i would my mini but in terms of the the sports we
713. of tag line for a the next ad campaign i i mean i to be honest with you if i had the money i would my mini but in terms of the the sports we ' re an audi family i i would i would stick with the mini and i would update it and i would probably get a convertible if i had the money but i ' m not gonna buy i li i love the mini they
716. oh there was one i saw where they made loads of chapattis that ' s right yes they did yep yeah they had thousands and thousands of chapattis she got the whole whole family making chapattis that ' s right and then she put them round in that was a bloke i remember that oh it was a bloke pies on the floor? was that
720. was okay yeah em it ' s called aston em aston yeah yeah and it ' s just outside em yeah so em that ' s where and em they they ' ve they ' re a big big family but none of them have ever moved out of aston they ' ve always st they ' ve stayed sort of kind of born and bred mm so their accent is really really quite thick em mm i don '
721. m technically five cos i left there when i was five yeah i don ' t feel so nostalgic you know mm and eh a lot of the accents and everything mm and em in my family often offers they ' re very nice mm cos they ' re my family but ultimately it ' s not where i ' m from mm i remember being a kid in staffordshire and i remember things like the
722. ' t feel so nostalgic you know mm and eh a lot of the accents and everything mm and em in my family often offers they ' re very nice mm cos they ' re my family but ultimately it ' s not where i ' m from mm i remember being a kid in staffordshire and i remember things like the breweries and eh you know the marmite factory and the roadworks factory
726. one of these things he was in school but no one ' s really seen him since you know not like and i felt awful then i ' ve gone er i ' ve gone and upset the whole family like no you created the group to well yeah keep in touch you didn ' t create the group for i mean i i ' ve got and i i should have said well i actually posted on myself saying
729. did you? yeah i did yeah i didn ' t recognise her no she was behind the bar she ' s the one who served us mm what ' s the matter? it ' s an american family i ' m just earwigging being nosy mm i think these plants are weird yeah i don ' t know mm okay let ' s take a break and see if we can ring the boys oh
730. but in a sort of like like describe the uncles and aunties and their quirks i mean like a story ilke you would get in a story yeah instead of saying okay there ' s my family tree and that ' s uncle so and so and aunt so and so yeah it ' s just to have little bits of sort of like you know like aunt and but i just know it i don '
731. mean erm yeah so what would it be about then? what would it kind of? what? might be thinking of? no it ' s er just a sort of sort of writing er a family tree because you cos when i thought about doing this probably in my fifties erm yeah erm i thought oh but it it ' s not writing a family tree of all as far back as i
732. sort of sort of writing er a family tree because you cos when i thought about doing this probably in my fifties erm yeah erm i thought oh but it it ' s not writing a family tree of all as far back as i could go mm erm doesn ' t give the flavour it just gives the names yeah but it doesn ' t give the flavour of the character of mm say my
739. yeah okay erm i don ' t know about it i can talk about lake victoria tell me everything you know about lake victoria er well the village that er my dad ' s from side of the family ' s from they live near lake victoria so we go there every time we go to kenya we go to nairobi we go for about three weeks and we ' ll spend the first week in nairobi then we
743. well he was a serious catholic and he was in the process of being ordained oh wow he went to the philippines ended up not getting ordained cos he met my grandmother and he left his entire chinese family behind wow and erm but he er he never went back to visit them for ages until practically after he died so when we met them well i didn ' t meet them like my eldest brother my mum
744. to visit them for ages until practically after he died so when we met them well i didn ' t meet them like my eldest brother my mum did it was just like some big old reunion wow your family ' s interesting stories sorry i think every family has an interesting story they just don ' t know it it ' s us because by grandma was really into genealogy and family history so oh i really want to
745. died so when we met them well i didn ' t meet them like my eldest brother my mum did it was just like some big old reunion wow your family ' s interesting stories sorry i think every family has an interesting story they just don ' t know it it ' s us because by grandma was really into genealogy and family history so oh i really want to get one of the erm genealogy tests done
746. some big old reunion wow your family ' s interesting stories sorry i think every family has an interesting story they just don ' t know it it ' s us because by grandma was really into genealogy and family history so oh i really want to get one of the erm genealogy tests done do you? oh yeah find out like who you ' re related to long time back yeah no i want to find out
747. ? to who? well that ' s not very nice information to sofia vergara who ' s that? who ' s that? ah i don ' t even like sofia the one off modern family oh aye no one even likes her oh eh oh well he does well he is like he is like thirty odd isn ' t he? so he the only one but he does everyone deserves happiness don '
750. parents together i think it would be easier if you were older if you ' re younger do you think? you always wonder why do you know what i mean and you never grow up with a normal family so but then i guess that ' s what your definition of normal would be wouldn ' t it? like your parents live apart not if all your friends had all like their friends like their families together i
751. speaking to uncle really? but unless he was repeating exactly the same the words that i was using it was actually my voice how funny it used to be i think you know obviously it ' s a family thing but i know when erm people used to call me at the cos before mobile phones or if if used used to answer if mum answered they would start speaking to them as if it were me
756. i love spartacus i ' m in my mum ' s car i ' m in my mum ' s knickers itch itch oh dear ' s family like is genuinely the weirdest family ever they do everything together yep let ' s have a family bash kiki let ' s have kiki kiki only with my family though is he on holiday still? no they went to for his
759. ve ever had i ' m sorry but rang and then i i got all distracted and then no one was helping me what did have to say? saying i ' m the only person in the whole family who sent him a card mm yeah cos i can ' t find that card i bought for and grandma said i kn what did grandma say? grandma said oh well i did buy you a card but
760. the house shopper so mm i know i don ' t mind being the house shopper did you close the window in ' s room? yes why? i ' m glad no one in this family takes sugar anymore it ' s a bind getting sugar out when people take sugar oh i hate i ha i used to hate it at uni when i ' m glad i conver i converted to no
765. don ' t understand what his research i is neither do i something to do with genes or something genetics or something like all i know is that he ' s been in he ' s been researching the family from the word go but i know it ' s a stupid question but why? i don ' t know i i i don ' t know i don ' t know at all but is he ' s
766. a stupid question but why? i don ' t know i i i don ' t know i don ' t know at all but is he ' s not k he ' s not related to the family or is he? who is this guy? he he he now let me cos i i actually listened to this part today i understand obviously you and mum ' s half - sister that ' s er
767. ' s erm easy to understand that ' s someone who how did he come into it? had the same dad as your mum but i don ' t understand i think he is related to the family not by oh he ' s blood line but i think maybe through marriage or something oh so he is he ' s related oh that makes it a bit less weird yeah i thought i cos i didn
769. mm and she told me more about him that he ' s all of these series about illegitimacy so he ' s he ' s researched the family like so she ' s researched the family and she ' s done an incredible job on it and she ' s done it for her own interest to see whether she can locate this these s from one particular part of wales which is a fine idea
770. ##s there ' s and the s okay yeah okay so it was granddad who was? granddad who you yes didn ' t really know anything about yes yeah okay yeah so she married into the family so your mum was a because her dad was a? yeah okay got it mm mm yeah yeah so but the other side mm is is what i ' m really more interested in yeah because why would you
771. asked that the the lecturer must have somehow assumed that that maybe they were sisters because one was coming after the other yeah as in oh well if one ' s come so another one ' s come yeah family tradition why not? you know so it ' s their mail teachers whatever so she had to say no because technically she had never met my mum so she said no and she didn ' t want to open
772. was because your granny moved there just by coincidence? not no erm her first cousin yeah married i ' ve heard that name but i can ' t remember and moved in f erm into the family who were the er who your dad the books and are very proud of? the bookstore people yeah people who apparently they ' re very famous but i ran yeah they ' re well they ' re a publishing
773. were the er who your dad the books and are very proud of? the bookstore people yeah people who apparently they ' re very famous but i ran yeah they ' re well they ' re a publishing family yeah you know erm and er so when cos they were saying what have you never heard of them? and i was saying no sorry i ' m really ignorant i ' ve never heard of anything
774. you never heard of them? and i was saying no sorry i ' m really ignorant i ' ve never heard of anything no you but you wouldn ' t and it ' s a based yeah publishing family so cos i just never understood which is er they ' re no more how from wales and ireland yeah how happened yes and i did ask and i did pay attention but at the end i was none
776. it was cousin so was yes first cousin granny ' s cousin? yes first cousin ah they were great friends and why was and so was there because she ' s married into the married into the ah family so the s were he was the head of the based there for ages yes yes they were a cousin married into the family yeah you see i can understand it when you say it yeah it ' s actually
777. and so was there because she ' s married into the married into the ah family so the s were he was the head of the based there for ages yes yes they were a cousin married into the family yeah you see i can understand it when you say it yeah it ' s actually straightforward isn ' t it? yeah i understand it perfectly so again when the cousin wanted to the cousin being your granny yeah
778. actually straightforward isn ' t it? yeah i understand it perfectly so again when the cousin wanted to the cousin being your granny yeah not london but not yeah the obvious place would be where there was a family connection yeah which was yeah area exactly cos that ' s where her cousin okay it makes sense yeah yeah and that ' s where she stayed i concentrated for about half an hour trying to get to the
780. ve come back i know we ' re finding our feet you ' ve moved into a house that you ' re used to seeing your mum and your granny in yeah yeah yeah which is why the whole family was in the house in the first place that ' s right you come back if your mum and granny were alive they ' d want to hear every detail about yeah they ' d wanna hear yeah everything oh
781. obviously her daughter but with the children it ' s more like he ' s this is sounds awful but it ' s more as if he ' s the imposter yeah you ' ve got the family line from granny yeah to mum yeah to and he ' s the guy who got on the bandwagon and moved in yeah it ' s not and now it ' s his according to him my kitchen
784. no mum and gran installed that with me you know it was no no i know but i think it has to be have different i think i was lucky dads and mum cos even though my family was very dysfunctional yeah i never got that no no it ' s like the worst thing you could do would yeah be to be a show off oh yeah absolutely it wouldn ' t matter how much of
786. information yeah yeah i think i might have mentioned it before but i think i told you that i ' ve got these relatives they ' re my mum ' s cousins right and they ' re doing the family tree thing you know mm you know every family ' s got one mm the genealogy mm or whatever i don ' t know how to pronounce it mm and all these things that my granny never told
787. it before but i think i told you that i ' ve got these relatives they ' re my mum ' s cousins right and they ' re doing the family tree thing you know mm you know every family ' s got one mm the genealogy mm or whatever i don ' t know how to pronounce it mm and all these things that my granny never told me yeah and i kind of feel bad co
788. got like some he ' s got like some stuff around him they ' ve got he ' s got a thirteen - year - old boy what ' s his name? erm is it a nuclear family? it ' s a nu yes proper nuclear family well it it obviously always goes for a nuclear family it ' s not always lives in a nuclear family it ' s really not it ' s really not
789. around him they ' ve got he ' s got a thirteen - year - old boy what ' s his name? erm is it a nuclear family? it ' s a nu yes proper nuclear family well it it obviously always goes for a nuclear family it ' s not always lives in a nuclear family it ' s really not it ' s really not cos ' s adopted ' s adopted? yeah
791. his name? erm is it a nuclear family? it ' s a nu yes proper nuclear family well it it obviously always goes for a nuclear family it ' s not always lives in a nuclear family it ' s really not it ' s really not cos ' s adopted ' s adopted? yeah erm but yeah it ' s not a nuclear family yeah but it ' s still a nuclear family
792. ' s not always lives in a nuclear family it ' s really not it ' s really not cos ' s adopted ' s adopted? yeah erm but yeah it ' s not a nuclear family yeah but it ' s still a nuclear family how come that he ' s ado how come they adopted him? they wanted to adopt cos like but cos like ' s mum got like really
793. it ' s really not it ' s really not cos ' s adopted ' s adopted? yeah erm but yeah it ' s not a nuclear family yeah but it ' s still a nuclear family how come that he ' s ado how come they adopted him? they wanted to adopt cos like but cos like ' s mum got like really ill and she had like some brain haem
797. ' s back but she ' s looking for you i ' ll i ' ll give her a text on your phone i ' ll get it is this ananother message from is this a third family? you can do write a message from your computer you know? no i can ' t cos i haven ' t got the latest telephone number i want to see who are his real family yeah yeah
812. abortion bill in london that ' s where i was marching at hyde park then i hope the police didn ' t have me on film anywhere but em my brother is a rav raving all my family are tories really? yeah me brother ex - policeman what do you expect? mm hm eh my dad was a tory they ' re the worst a working class tory mm because the they ' re you
813. the they ' re you know it ' s like voting for the person who is going to be beating you up mm hm but you can ' t tell him all my dad ' s side of the family they ' re all tory all of them and yet who is going to suffer with all these cuts it ' s going to be the working class yeah and they ' re all it all it is all they
819. all that yeah oh sorry yeah i ' ve managed oh that looks good to thread it on now oh yeah got all the cards on oh brilliant so so you ' ve got the erm the royal family on one side yeah and then king queen and jack and then you ' ve got the spades cos in alice in wonderland the spades er they ' re they ' re characters in it so i
826. erm is that strong enough? yeah that ' s alright okay he ' s sort of one of these farmers who yeah you know no one tells him to do anything he owns that land and his family ' s been there for hundred and fifty years yeah you know ten ten generations and you know he does what he does and no ones gonna stop him and you like typical yeah brutal yeah farmer type blok
833. generalising it okay yeah no no no no no no let me let me finish let me finish speaking yeah cracker yeah for example yeah even if you have even if you don ' t if your family has never owned for example slaves or something yeah all white people have benefited from the slave trade due to the economic advantages gained by the british empire by the am by americans because on the whole for example when
834. yeah yeah and things like whenever we whenever there ' s a situation where bags need to be checked our bags will always be checked if if if we ' re like if we the come from a muslim family so if your name if you have a muslim sounding name an it ' s all the time there is no point where you can compare compare that to the current treatment of white people that ' s what i
836. think they ' re posh i think they ' re just quite one of those names that you just really normal very english i think they can be i think if you ' re from a posh family you ' d think yeah yes that ' s emma emma soph but emma em sophie ' s quite even sophie ' s quite posh not em i don ' t see emma as a posh name
837. liverpool so you ' ll often have like a brother who supports everton and then the other brother who supports liverpool so plenty of people who died in hillsborough were fr oh right yeah yeah were from an everton family kind of thing and also i think it wasn ' t necessarily just a liverpool thing i think it was like a whole city i think they all yeah but it was all stems hillsborough doesn ' t it?
838. suppose isn ' t it? yes well yeah particularly if they ' re not from army families cos i mean it does tend to be yes particularly families well particularly the officers tends to be in the family doesn ' t it? family yes yeah that ' s right but the the regular soldiers they need that input from someone when they ' re still quite young to know if oh that ' s for me or
841. he used to live there yeah i mean well it ' s a nice big house it ' s it ' s a yeah i think so yeah yeah very nice i think he he mm i think his family had a fair bit of money anyhow oh yes i would ' ve thought so yeah yeah yes forgotten what he did now but he did quite a good bit oh i think he was mp eventually at one
842. ##rangle you actually there ' s a good old er horror film called the hand and the hand by itself goes around and strangles people well there you go then there you go like in addams family yeah a hand like that it ' s really good i don ' t know i don ' t know why they ' re really good i don ' t know people don ' t like them mm ah is
849. to the world yeah well that ' s a good point there ' s also a dress that you ' re supposed to wear in the middle of or gown that has been in our fa in our swedish family for i think three four generations ah wow that everyone ' s name is er embroidered on to that ' s quite sweet at the christening so ah oh so are gonna break tradition? i think so wow
864. snow dalek depends how hardy they are i know nothing about horticulture well my limited knowledge of daffodils and tulips is that they ' ll pretty much survive anything because my family kill plants and we have daffodils and tulips which come up every year regardless of anything em yeah and my dad regularly used to em for some reason best known to himself he used to
868. ##bs mm really like really small boobs they used to be bigger than this it was horrendous horrendous like i used to have like ds really? mm wow yeah all my family have like massive boobs what? what happened? like really s i dunno i just kinda like i think i just sort of lost weight just like naturally lost a bit of weight and then you know
869. s what i worry about some old people can ' t put weight on though some p old people get really skinny yeah mm it ' s usually old men that get chubbier i think from my family ' s experience the women get really skinny i just yeah i just know i ' m just gonna look like really ugly as an old person oh don ' t worry about that now you won ' t yeah
894. liked it up there is because the flowers for because the services are so tight the flowers don ' t get moved away in time for the new lot coming in so they actually had they were obviously a family who believed in big wreathes right you know with the person ' s name yeah yeah you know really shy kind of stuff which i fifine it ' s fine you know that we went for so you
906. i think it must run in our generation cos no one other than my my brothers and my generation da and then it ' s downwards from there that people seem to be suffering with depression in our family mm mm i didn ' t realise it was hereditary i don ' t think i don ' t know if it is or not it might just be but we seem to have something that people have in common
907. didn ' t realise it was hereditary i don ' t think i don ' t know if it is or not it might just be but we seem to have something that people have in common in your family yeah but then saying that doctors diagnose depression for everything nowadays mm mm and that annoys me because there ' s depression and there ' s being unhappy yeah and the i find they ' re two
908. to think of doing every day mm yeah yeah yeah erm but yeah so i do manage to cope yeah that ' s good erm but i do have to make it known to everybody in my family yes they understand that yeah you know yeah or or they ' ll turn around and say are you feeling a bit low this week? you know cos they ' ve picked up on on certain clues like
911. as well erm and i think that it ' s really hard once you ' ve got into a kind of habit to break out of that habit mm yeah particularly because you are so close in the family and it ' s almost like you don ' t have any way out yeah and you know also with my girls it ' s more like a friendship rather than a mum daughter thing yeah yeah because like if
919. whole other thing yes oh they ' re alright i think they ' ll survive i well it ' s early days it ' s early days w w i mean we ' re all late developers in our family i i ' ll give them to the early twenties before the crisis hits i think so t mm also you can get away with so much when you ' re young people forgive you so much i mean the
921. t matter does it? actually i bet you won ' t i bet you won ' t lose your hair on your head then maybe not hope hopefully not bu seems to come from both sides of the family oh does this does this take erm why why has your dad got a hairy arse? no we ' re talking about balding oh balding i was just gonna say i don ' t remember
922. you have sugar in your yeah i do what do you have sugar in tea? and coffee i only drink tea and i don ' t have sugar in it but my downfall is salt yeah you your family were always salty i ' m terrible on salt yeah whenever i came round i remember the girls pouring loads of salt but that ' s through that ' s from you the girls do it isn ' t it
923. you ' re not doesn ' t count okay your wall ' s signed that was m er mum ' s maiden name mm nan yeah i know yeah i must do that some time with you that er family tree yeah don ' t worry about it it would be goo just a passing interest i i ' ve always fancied doing something like that well i got mum to do the family tree before she passed
924. you that er family tree yeah don ' t worry about it it would be goo just a passing interest i i ' ve always fancied doing something like that well i got mum to do the family tree before she passed away can imagine delving back cos you see them on the telly the programmes yeah have you seen them? i know i love it it was really really good ' s side
925. ? yeah that ' s a bit crazy that wow that ' s interesting innit? yeah i love history yeah i don ' t reckon we ' ve got any er pertinent characters in our family oh you don ' t know oh i don ' t know because dad erm wasn ' t it spanish and irish? his his erm descendants wasn ' t it? no erm nan ' s
926. lot erm it was considered you were considered comfortably or you know and a car yeah all that back then mm clothes and a car clothes and car yeah well - to - do that side of the family yeah that ' s it but you ' re going back to the early erm what? twentieth century so what did the other half have? a mule and no but what i mean is they had the
927. what i mean is they had the tweed proper coats and nappies and the the yeah heavy good shoes and the well well - dressed i think nan ' s i think nan ' s side of the family nan al mum always used to say her side of the family were less better off and dad ' s side of the family always felt mum married dad married i mean they beneath him yeah but they had oh
928. ##pies and the the yeah heavy good shoes and the well well - dressed i think nan ' s i think nan ' s side of the family nan al mum always used to say her side of the family were less better off and dad ' s side of the family always felt mum married dad married i mean they beneath him yeah but they had oh dear eight children and they still had holidays every year and they
929. - dressed i think nan ' s i think nan ' s side of the family nan al mum always used to say her side of the family were less better off and dad ' s side of the family always felt mum married dad married i mean they beneath him yeah but they had oh dear eight children and they still had holidays every year and they had a car and er each child in the photograph had yeah
932. don ' t think he knows much about her family or no but i he doesn ' t know yeah but he doesn ' t know much about erm we ' re talking about the history oh the family the tree? yeah his yeah yeah so his nan yeah which would be your great nan yeah interesting mm random question ' s mother?? i remem yeah i remember i remember meeting her a couple
933. has highlighted your interest in linguistics? oh yeah definitely it must do mm definitely isn ' t it? yeah i was just interested mm so it ' s jamaican heritage on that on that side of the family yeah st elizabeth in er island off jamaica they don ' t use the copular verb so like be which is a linking ver we would say like i am happy but they might oh it ' s
938. we ' ve discussed i don ' t know if oh have i not discussed this with you before? no no ' s mum hit the menopause at forty yeah so did i and in her family they hit it quite young so erm we ' ve seriously discussed if we ' re ready to have children at that point we may adopt because if i mean if she can have children at that point yeah
944. mm well i think also here they were very welcoming to poles yeah so there wasn ' t this sort of erm well they ' d fought for this country problem of being foreigners or whatever and my family ' s connection with them was that erm have i told you about my mother and a pole? no in the war in my grandfather worked as a civilian mechanic at the local airbase and lots of
945. cos i ' d already been in mm cos wanted to see it again well well i cos he didn ' t really remember the first time very much value visits from any member of the family that ' s very nice of you i ' ll tell them that it ' s not just a nice thing to say it ' s true well they like g coming up to and and like seeing and and
951. ll get another glass that ' s not very helpful is it? oh my thank you goodness me what are you like? i know i know i know the thing is we have actually invited the whole family for easter lunch oh yeah? which we will need this dining table so i have told him they ' ve all got to go somewhere oh how many of there are are there going to be? pardon?
952. er bless so yeah we spoke to them on sunday and they ' ve said no you know it would be great you know we ' ll you ' re very welcome to join in with all of our family christmas traditions ' s mother cooks for them and they said she just is born to cook for she loves it and then in the afternoon they all go o or they all go and play ice hockey ' s
958. don ' t know but it ' s something they ' re not necessarily encouraging him no to do do you think? so so i was a bit has the gene come from ' s side of the family? oh definitely definitely ' s not dyslexic though is he? no he ' s not but apparently i mean his dad was never diagnosed but apparently he was an incredibly poor speller mm
959. had a dictionary by his side so i think that ' s mm cos my mum was dyslexic mm i mean a lot of and uncle is yeah mm but then nobody in my family that we ' re aware of that ' s no but but definitely in ' s family there ' s there ' s one or two and also ' s dad which of course is oh so his grandad
960. was dyslexic mm i mean a lot of and uncle is yeah mm but then nobody in my family that we ' re aware of that ' s no but but definitely in ' s family there ' s there ' s one or two and also ' s dad which of course is oh so his grandad and his dad dad apparently his his dad mm it hasn ' t held back he '
966. like you ' ve grown up you ' ve got more people to see oh bless her yeah we just kind of do our own thing for christmas day and then we do something with that side of the family mm we we do something all together but it ' s never christmas day it ' s always just like twenty - seventh yeah twenty - eighth yeah like me too this year it ' ll be like may probably
969. ' m you know seventy - five and not smoke or live until i ' m seventy and smoke yeah well you want to live a bit longer than seventy - five well it ' s just in my family well i don ' t know he doesn ' t ' s aiming six ' s happy with anything after sixty if i get to fifty or sixty i ' ll be pretty pleased well you say that now wait
970. and dad died before they were seventy same for my mum ' s my dad ' s mum and dad died before their sevent i don ' t know anyone that ' s older than that in my family so i guess i just think thinking that i ' m not going to live older than that basically so oh sorry i mean of course i hope so granddad was people do i look around and there '
980. was your sister the same or? my sister? oh my sister leant on me er erm did she? i always d yeah and my brother and it ' s always i ' m the family fixer i ' m the one that sorts everything i ' m the one that wonder why? are you the oldest? yeah and do you think that ' s why? yeah really? yeah i think
988. s it ' s out of fashion yeah we le we like them yeah have em at christmas don ' t they? yeah you know? but yes we do like cheese we are an all - cheese family oh i do cheese terrible terrible cheese see i have a bad cheese and i have to hide it cos er if my boy cos my boys are a bit funny they sort of see something funny in
992. do you do you know through the wicker arches yeah there ' s actually an island now and it is called well there used to be a farriers there and that was my mum ' s family ' s farriers right and she lived well the family on which doesn ' t exist any more and she lived in a street just up and it was a big family that all lived around this square
994. was my mum ' s family ' s farriers right and she lived well the family on which doesn ' t exist any more and she lived in a street just up and it was a big family that all lived around this square and right most of the brothers were working in the farriers yeah and erm there was also part of the family that owned a pub called on the on the yeah
995. a street just up and it was a big family that all lived around this square and right most of the brothers were working in the farriers yeah and erm there was also part of the family that owned a pub called on the on the yeah i know yeah right aye and my great granddad he was talking about it this weekend he apparently because he was a farrier had the last horse drawn
996. she was very cunning she was the street ' s money lender not only that she had a a big step brother who would have funded her i am sure so they made some huge assumptions about that family mm that ' s right just because of where they lived so no my father was i mean i was the first one ever to go to university in the in the family i mean he couldn ' t believe
997. made some huge assumptions about that family mm that ' s right just because of where they lived so no my father was i mean i was the first one ever to go to university in the in the family i mean he couldn ' t believe it and then he couldn ' t believe it when i ended up as plant manager one of the plant managers down there but of course he dropped dead just before i er
999. wouldn ' t wanna send them being ruffians? but also if you if you end up down the park drinking cider? if you ' re from a if you ' re from a successful family yeah then uh you you you want your child children to be um successful so um that that would mean you ' d wanna go to a successful school where the majority of them you have to pay full but
1000. sees the name eton then they ' re likely to think oh this is an eton kid mm they would just assume you y well if his if his results aren ' t that great but yeah but his family must be rich and therefore you know it ' s good to have someone from a rich family you know work here i uh mo d ' you want anything from the fridge? i don ' t know i
1001. they would just assume you y well if his if his results aren ' t that great but yeah but his family must be rich and therefore you know it ' s good to have someone from a rich family you know work here i uh mo d ' you want anything from the fridge? i don ' t know i don ' t know if i think that though maybe i ' m just like well i think
1003. i mean we associate it with i know you hear of like them sort of people on your your dad ' s a four isn ' t he? well i know i just hear stories about like a family with uh seven kids that are making a massive amount of money on benefits benefits yeah like thirteen babies and i thought that it ' s it ' s affluent to have a lot yeah because obviously you ' re
1005. ' re spreading uh y y you spread your your family and that that includes not just your genes but obviously you ' re spreading your uh y y culture as w like your yeah if you have a family that ' s successful then obviously the more in it then then it ' s more likely that there ' ll be more successful people down the line yeah um but of cour yeah i read about those two
1006. ##ss all your relatives like there ' d be so many people that you didn ' t know? yeah well we we were i mean we were looking at uh at our uh like bit of our hi family backgrounds um yeah we realized that uh that that if you the further back in time you it ' s totally different now isn ' t it like? everything can be recorded that it at a certain point you
1007. drive or something and the women travelled on there own quite a lot so you ' d get a lot of the women getting taxis and a lot of the students getting taxis to school because like the whole family was working well surely that ' s the same isn ' t it? i mean how are the students going to get to school? they ' ve probably all got their own cars they ' re they '
1008. and like if you go up to adopt an animal you ' re not allowed to just like go and be like oh i wanna take it you have to like bring everybody up that ' s in your family including like any sort of animals yeah obviously not cats cos that ' s not a thing but like if you ' ve got other dogs to bring up to see what they ' re like together and see
1019. at my family you don ' t know anything about it i look at my family yeah this is what i mean that are muslim it ' s part of your culture because it ' s part of your family background yeah i ' m not saying it ' s your religion no i know it ' s part of your family ' s culture yeah and therefore yours so you should learn a bit more that ' s a
1020. that are muslim it ' s part of your culture because it ' s part of your family background yeah i ' m not saying it ' s your religion no i know it ' s part of your family ' s culture yeah and therefore yours so you should learn a bit more that ' s a minor point yeah telling everyone else this is a major one i ' ve put three stars telling everyone else about the
1025. go to prison but you know she ' s ah really middle class that must be difficult you know actually in a way it ' s worse isn ' t it? mm because if she was from a family where lots of people have been in and out of prison then it wouldn ' t be as bad have you heard of that? orange is the new black? mm about this middle class american oh right yes
1027. only be there to put my head on the pillow yeah so that ' ll be fine no it ' s something we ' ve had to think about for ours is that obviously most of hannah ' s family is sort of far far scotland most of my family is sort of down in berkshire or on the south coast yeah and it ' s kind of you know wherever we pick you know we ' ve got to
1028. yeah so that ' ll be fine no it ' s something we ' ve had to think about for ours is that obviously most of hannah ' s family is sort of far far scotland most of my family is sort of down in berkshire or on the south coast yeah and it ' s kind of you know wherever we pick you know we ' ve got to make sure that there ' s somewhere everyone can stay
1041. have another pint yeah it ' s alright if you ' ve got plenty of money but go where you like yeah blinking son ' s moving soon to er south africa you ' ll be an international family won ' t you? australia south africa i ' ve said he ' s in bahrain now he ' s been there nearly four years he works for the immigration you know? and er after four years they
1043. we ' ll be quiet enjoy for the first time i love it in fifty something years i would be so happy so happy the other thing that er happened was cos erm a friend of the family who actually lives in america i ' ve met her a couple of times she was over and she had a couple of days before her flight back so booked a holiday cottage paid for out of the inheritance that
1047. ? yeah yeah there ' s like it ' s red coloured they have it in tesco yeah i ' ve never heard of it they have the multipack one as well whoa coming from a vegetarian family i ' ve tried everything i ' ve tried everything a lot of hummus a lot of hummus every type of hummus my dad my dad makes his own hummus hummus yeah? that '
1048. stuff does he use like gram flour or does he just blend up chickpeas? no no no he uses he makes it properly but but i don ' t like hummus as much as my family does so but okay i i i i ' ve eaten so much of it in my life i could eat a pot a day it ' s so good i don ' t think it fucks up your
1055. ##o thinking about people er i dunno other situations like storms or weather freak weather conditions hurricanes yeah what about that? no i dunno i dunno dunno well if you financial situation of the family yeah yeah that ' s true finances how do you what about church? how do you think that will influence things indirectly? well it introduces a child to a new social circle doesn ' t it? a
1068. in tight is it? made that no no way? yeah from scratch? forgotten he ' d made it but yeah ah brilliant some yeah you made that? as do have a handy man in the family ' s like blutac done come you haven ' t the need to do anything have you really? so no no yeah that ' s another thing we ' ve always moved moved in in korea to
1077. shows oh yeah they had a kid together and er they erm yeah they had a child together er his name was what a lovely name cos she was a bit don ' t tell me his family name was bear huh i think he ' s in or or somewhere now like that who ' d wanna go to? is well there you go but er yeah that smells very dangerous of chemicals that that you
1081. to sleep all mm night is pretty tall order it was a pretty ambitious thought but yeah i that ' s how tired i was thinking i might be able to do it cos this is what my family does because they ' re weird like my mum can go to bed at like eight o ' clock at night and sleep all night and i just don ' t understand how she does it mm but yeah our
1089. s so unusual we have erm isn ' t it ' s just meat or we have turkey sandwiches for anyone that ' s hungry but i ' m usually just like cheese biscuits and shit well my family eats like so much it ' s really ridiculous like we have christmas eve we ' ll have a meal in the evening like we ' ll have roast ham and stuff yeah yeah that ' s what we have
1096. sort of different households and you know if they were brought up by their dads how their dads dealt with it yeah and you know if they were brought up in a sort of this type of family or this type of family or whatever? and it was just really interesting to read and it ' s you know incredibly difficult for every family and there ' s yeah no perfect method or there ' s no
1098. if they were brought up in a sort of this type of family or this type of family or whatever? and it was just really interesting to read and it ' s you know incredibly difficult for every family and there ' s yeah no perfect method or there ' s no exact you know er strategy or steps that you should follow you ' ve just got to do whatever ' s right and if that ' s
1099. speak a word of english right hmm mm and they accepted him as the prince of wales and now he we we still got the prince of wales going on and on and on and on in the royal family in the royal family they made the baby for cheeky yeah and that that ' s how that ' s how the prince of wales came about mm mm hmm clever you know these medieval people mm hmm mm
1100. english right hmm mm and they accepted him as the prince of wales and now he we we still got the prince of wales going on and on and on and on in the royal family in the royal family they made the baby for cheeky yeah and that that ' s how that ' s how the prince of wales came about mm mm hmm clever you know these medieval people mm hmm mm yeah why did wales
1103. t know how comfortable she would be with that it is a long it is a lot just to put on one ' s shoulders selfish but i do wish they ' d never had at all the whole family apparently have ' s children don ' t have much contact with him now because they pretty much resent so oh it ' s another uh they will probably especially if they ' re female they would look at
1107. that never happened he then had another marriage that didn ' t work and then he had a marriage again and had a child erm so for him for for them they they feel like feel like our family is is it doesn ' t it doesn ' t necessarily cement the families together no it doesn ' t the children can feel they will feel this is our family he ' s related to us but he '
1109. it doesn ' t necessarily cement the families together no it doesn ' t the children can feel they will feel this is our family he ' s related to us but he ' s part of that new family you know and we ' re old guard um mum ' s hurt as well because erm refuses to let her children call mum grandmother so she ' s not a grandmother at all because they don ' t
1111. these kind of people don ' t really think about it and that ' s because you ' ve got it yeah i mean like and i yeah none none either of us have come from well to do family at all and it was just like the chance of us ever getting property or anything like that in this country yes is impossible therefore the only downside to france i understand is that if your if your house
1119. least stabilised and then it kept going aw and the kid and the kids wouldn ' t accept no for an answer in particular her young son he wouldn ' t give up so it destroyed the whole family because you know they were very very you know they separated they haven ' t spoken to the eldest son since but the whole family just sort of fell apart no the dad was so in love with his wife
1120. her young son he wouldn ' t give up so it destroyed the whole family because you know they were very very you know they separated they haven ' t spoken to the eldest son since but the whole family just sort of fell apart no the dad was so in love with his wife that he just he was quite reclusive he just like lost the will to have any sort of family relationship now what a
1122. for it mm who brings a camping stove to uni? this is the problem like have one but people who are planning on going camping? it ' s in i don ' t have one my family does well i say i have one dad bought it as well my mum went through a phase and she literally she star she wanted to go camping in she literally bought everything for camping she bought like a bit
1123. we played articulate on christmas eve it was so stressful yeah no there got a mouthful of pizza but see we were playing it was like the old half of the fam old half of the family like the adults on one side and then me and my cousins and my cousin ' s boyfriend on the other side and my mum sort of and like my brother is worse at playing articulate than he is
1124. that ' s okay this specific what is? like okay and i just know that ' s incredible that ' s thank you and then you ' ve got this specific this is what i learnt from the family stone which is your name in the right ha top left hand corner your date in the top right hand corner and title and then there ' s a long line underneath i don ' t think everybody did god
1129. d it turned out it was his erm uncle ' s company oh yeah who who are well - known i mean we ' d heard of them but we didn ' t realise was connected to the family erm and so he ' d he he had trained done the training but he said to me said oh you ' d be er in the middle of nowhere and he ' d read a book for five
1131. ' ve got surplus fruit come round and help yourself but they don ' t like people no they don ' t no such shame though cos like somebody would and that ' s really good for a family yeah it ' s true yeah mm or dad could employ someone mm and then sell it i don ' t think he likes that idea either no people yeah oh i don ' t like waste though next year
1133. s basically about androids that they ' re robots but they lo they ' ve been designed to look exactly like humans oh so yeah and the that ' s goo so the father you know the typical family the mum ' s really busy she hasn ' t got really time to do everything the house is a mess uhu and they never get to spend time together uhu so the father without speaking to his
1141. d been doing for the last fifty years which has been basically he ' s a scientist he ' s a sort of genetic researcher of some kind he ' s been doing this for years in this welsh family that happens to be my mum ' s dad who ' s called oh is is the family that he ' s been fascinated by and he ' s been doing all this research into it so wait a minute
1142. ' s a sort of genetic researcher of some kind he ' s been doing this for years in this welsh family that happens to be my mum ' s dad who ' s called oh is is the family that he ' s been fascinated by and he ' s been doing all this research into it so wait a minute so can i go back up one thing so this is your mum ' s dad mm who
1145. and we weren ' t just talking about that but no no no it was quite like a nice way to learn about a family learning about her interests learning about where how to actually go about researching your family tree because it ' s not obvious especially when she started twenty - five years ago before all of these you know internet and oh now there are so it ' s so much easier i remember my dad did
1146. just wanna say i wanna ask you this i know and you can ' t isn ' t it? at least i ' m lucky i have still like a connection to a blood connection mm to the family mm and er in in many ways it ' s kind of helped me to understand that though i didn ' t know my grandfather at all but it doesn ' t really matter because what i ' ve learnt
1147. didn ' t know my grandfather at all but it doesn ' t really matter because what i ' ve learnt is that he was just you know one small cog in a very big wheel of this family you know and when you see it from that perspective you actually yeah learn more about yourself by thinking about why is it that i ' m interested in teaching? why is it that i ' m interested in
1148. oh yes oh yeah we ' re gonna do it again she ' s gonna show me how oh that ' s nice to erm get started but i tell you there was a bit about my own family as in erm my mother ' s my grandmother ' s side of the family yeah cos i ' ve got loads of black and white photographs of them and i ' m a little bit mesm
1149. me how oh that ' s nice to erm get started but i tell you there was a bit about my own family as in erm my mother ' s my grandmother ' s side of the family yeah cos i ' ve got loads of black and white photographs of them and i ' m a little bit mesmerised by my grandmother ' s father because he was a really dashing cha
1159. handed and you ' re right - handed are those dad ' s so she got it from dad well you don ' t get things that way but do you know what? everyone in dad ' s family s like granny it ' s grandad you ' re not up from your chair are you? cos that would make me very cross mm erm only misses dad and then it goes to and me
1160. up from your chair are you? cos that would make me very cross mm erm only misses dad and then it goes to and me sorry what are you talking about? so everybody in the family is right - handed they ' re very good at technology computers that ' s true and it just skipped dad basically just skipped dad so just goes to jinx and yeah got it from me i got it
1161. i got it from? cos i didn ' t you you got it from dad ' s brother no well yeah you can get it sort of from your the your dad ' s side of the family yeah even though it might not be well i mean he ' s not he ' s not rubbish at technology is he? no he ' s not i ' m better than him at technology that ' s
1168. some part of your soul needs i guess everybody ' s yeah is working until five and going to friends afterwards so iis she erm? she ' s working she ' s coming in to the family business in the curtain shop is it? yeah tell it ' s the curtain shop isn ' t it? i keep calling it a carpet shop but it ' s a curtain curtains soft furnishings and yeah that
1171. that i think that ' s still there but the wo the woman who eh thingy she ' s sold it now the one who used to own it oh has she cos it was family a family owned thing mm she died she was very old yeah i was there once and seeing her in a big rolls royce it ' s the only thing worth going to in blackpool really there ' s the tower i
1172. s less than a year yeah erm and and have invited him to dad ' s birthday party have they? oh i didn ' t that i thought that was a bit much it ' s our family well the husbands that ' s different but the boyfriend of six months? no no not necessarily included no yeah i thought you were going to make a comment on the sleeping arrangements yeah so did i in what
1173. it was appropriate to invite ' s boyfriend how do you feel? yeah that ' s alright i do understand i mean you know you do accept the boyfriend of your children girlfriend of your children into the family don ' t you? because they do matter a lot to your child yeah so i think that ' s like a gesture probably to him as well isn ' t it? but yeah fact is that it
1177. know dawkins used to do with these evolution programmes you just put in a very few very simples rules and you watch how they evolve prefixed yeah so glover had this version where a whole family decides to go on the oh yeah experience machine yeah and it ' s all like integrated so they all live with each other they ' re real yeah and they ' re living a coherent life and then on
1178. but erm whilst he ' d put in for this request he ' s been putting the feelers out and he ' s been offered a job working at the company in mm it ' s a family business the guy who one of the family members works there but the guy who is kind of like manager of the of the depot branch wherever it is company used to work with i think at right so this
1179. in for this request he ' s been putting the feelers out and he ' s been offered a job working at the company in mm it ' s a family business the guy who one of the family members works there but the guy who is kind of like manager of the of the depot branch wherever it is company used to work with i think at right so this guy approached and said look i wanna sort
1184. ' s one oh and no my cousin ' s still res still researching it but things don ' t things don ' t match up with the with those census records and ththere ' s a family story that erm someone around that time was was married was married twice mm er probably not bigamously but erm oh right so we don ' t know we don ' t know what happened that
1186. wow mm and only died in the nineteen sixties so it would ' ve been perfectly feasible to mm to er have met or known her actually mm mm but erm but anyway she was erm her family except they don ' t want to know our family mm because erm there ' s still somebody living from my grandmother ' s generation who would probably kill him of shock if he found out right right mm
1187. it would ' ve been perfectly feasible to mm to er have met or known her actually mm mm but erm but anyway she was erm her family except they don ' t want to know our family mm because erm there ' s still somebody living from my grandmother ' s generation who would probably kill him of shock if he found out right right mm and that ' s intriguing cos she didn '
1189. much resented having to do that mm erm anand part of the resentment she says was she was never brought up to do this right anyway long story short was she very was she brought up in a family then? er well but they did have to i think it was all pretence because erm through the search which i just did a couple of months ago yeah i found her grandfather was a coal
1190. what were the sort of what were the conflicts what where the differences between er oh it ' s well there ' s more than a no i mean i i th erm my my grandfather ' s family is kind of er one of the shopkeepers of england i suppose yeah and erm so erm the fam the family had a restaurant and a deli and a delicatessen in stratford mm er
1191. a no i mean i i th erm my my grandfather ' s family is kind of er one of the shopkeepers of england i suppose yeah and erm so erm the fam the family had a restaurant and a deli and a delicatessen in stratford mm erm my grandmother ' s father was a chauffeur in a stately home erm and actually worked in buckinghamshire when
1194. an anglo - egyptian condominium right i read it somewhere and erm yeah and that was his job straight after straight after the war er there were some very odd things going on i think in his family er we only ddiscovered my sister discovered about twenty years ago this was about nineteen forty - three or nineteen forty - four my my mother and my parents had been married for a couple of years
1195. man who owns that ' s right thity - five thousand acres in and wow it sounds like um a very old title doesn ' t it? mm i mean the f that ' s not the family name very posh er it ' s just um mm thanks for pudding they used to live in on on the oh i see okay so it ' s lord of mm they ' ve just made it sound
1196. just made it sound a little more um do you wanna finish that off? mm um class sort of upper class really by saying mm rather than of um but the title was first given to er the family in the eighteen eighties so not that long ago mm i mean sounds like it should be norman or something yeah is this the walk mm you ' re going on? one i ' m leading okay and so
1200. seven months so yeah really soon mm mm yeah but i was so glad to be there to sort of offer my support to erm and to see the family as well they ' re a lovely lovely family and the service was nice and a few people gave their eulogies and erm his grandson so ' s son is quite religious and he did a reading erm and then there was tea and sandwiches and
1213. not like in english that it ' s just an accent change it ' s like the words change yeah as well so i sometimes struggled a bit with when we went to visit like his side of the family over there cos i was a bit like mm like it ' s not the same words it ' s like they ' re different words erm but the hungarian that grandma speaks and like grandad speaks
1218. or is it quite a good size? no it is relatively big yes yes it ' s surprising in one way yeah i think york is very well known for its chocolate making it is with the terry family and the rowntree family and it ' s a shame that most of it has been taken out of the city and gone overseas now i think it ' s taken the heart out of york a bit
1219. size? no it is relatively big yes yes it ' s surprising in one way yeah i think york is very well known for its chocolate making it is with the terry family and the rowntree family and it ' s a shame that most of it has been taken out of the city and gone overseas now i think it ' s taken the heart out of york a bit certainly the employment opportunities have been
1221. down it might smoke a bit yeah do it good burn some juices off hey i just met you mm mm mm it ' s starting to smoke excellent it ' s a bit like on stove old family recipe might want to close the door nothing ' s coming out yet it wouldn ' t until you did that i can ' t believe you ' re coughing at smoke contained within an oven i can see smoke
1222. he learnt his english off? no you ali g no not me really? did he? that ' s who he like yeah and like half his that ' s funny that ' s funny half his family ' s chilean and half his family ' s norwegian wow oh oh that is interesting but there is a difference there i think yeah i know i know but ah yeah i to be fair i saw him at
1223. you ali g no not me really? did he? that ' s who he like yeah and like half his that ' s funny that ' s funny half his family ' s chilean and half his family ' s norwegian wow oh oh that is interesting but there is a difference there i think yeah i know i know but ah yeah i to be fair i saw him at a when i saw him and it
1227. mm mm whereas it meant that w not generations he was nobility er he was a s you know he had a direct line if he hadn ' t had a i don ' t think we trace our family back very far if he hadn ' t er no but er at least to the second w at least to the second world war back to about your dad isn ' t it? and then it just ends
1228. ends at least to the second world war i will get round to it at some time at least to the second world war yes exactly but er see where see where how come it ' s is your family easier to trace? er er and with and that you can we ' re related to oliver cromwell yeah so you ' ve gone all the way and and did er my mother ' s side of the family
1229. easier to trace? er er and with and that you can we ' re related to oliver cromwell yeah so you ' ve gone all the way and and did er my mother ' s side of the family and her cousin ' s also done it and they ' ve gone back quite a long way yeah you can if you ' re er diligent and got the time you need parish records and that will
1230. erm made for it he ' s come out of the womb he hasn ' t come out of the womb with a spatula in his hand he ' s come out of the womb into a family where either baking is like really prized and he ' s adhered to that yeah or it ' s really shunned and he ' s found it from some role model and he ' s got it
1246. tell you what i think for such a he never puts on any weight and he eats he ' s always been the same he absolutely can eat masses i dunno where he puts it but his whole family ' s like that his mum and dad and his sister and his brother as well they ' re all i mean his sister she ' s got a really healthy appetite but there ' s nothing on her it
1248. to have to yeah said er friday night she has to be careful yeah whereas doesn ' t so whether ' s got the metabolism of her dad and their family i don ' t know but the whole family they ' re like it but yeah he does he ' s always been the same well we must i said to i said to must you have got to take a picture of that cos nobody will believe
1251. yeah no no no not them yeah erm which is why i think my dad spends so much i think he kind of has this weird guilt about being kind of like us being like the the richer family rich extended family and they ' re not like his sister like literally shovels horse shit for a living and she makes like ten grand a year is she a farmer? shovelling crap no she ' s
1252. no not them yeah erm which is why i think my dad spends so much i think he kind of has this weird guilt about being kind of like us being like the the richer family rich extended family and they ' re not like his sister like literally shovels horse shit for a living and she makes like ten grand a year is she a farmer? shovelling crap no she ' s not a farmer
1255. two now it ' s where they basically go and do an intervention with a family okay who are like shopping ridiculously yeah and they ' ve all got certain problems and erm basically firstly this this family they they their biggest problem ' s where they don ' t look what ' s in their erm kitchen before they go i hate that and don ' t write a list and don ' t plan meals
1264. and a half to go with his call up papers and i can remember the call up papers i didn ' t know they were that but being put through the letterbox and having great distress in the family with my mother crying and nana upset er because father had got to go and leave the family home and go to serve in the forces so that ' s another sort of thing that i really stands out in
1265. i didn ' t know they were that but being put through the letterbox and having great distress in the family with my mother crying and nana upset er because father had got to go and leave the family home and go to serve in the forces so that ' s another sort of thing that i really stands out in my memory as a little young child that that took place and obviously in time erm then
1266. were obliged to have lodgers we weren ' t allowed to have any free rooms where they were free and no one slept in them so we had quite a series of lodgers coming in to the family home which was quite a strange feeling really erm to have strangers among us but my mother and grandmother being such good cooks i think they all thought they were onto a good place for staying and we certainly
1270. a line life changing moment yeah it ' s a massive massive experience yeah a massive experience a big thing to miss out on i just wish there was another ten years that would be really nice ' s family tend to hit the menopause really young oh do they? she ' s quite worried about that yeah because we ' ve kind of discussed and said maybe like when we ' re forty maybe we '
1273. the oh god really? the parents just like being hung there and the whole thing is about in the family the same thing happens to these different families one child will disappear and then the rest of the family get murdered like horrifically and it all gets caught on camera erm and you find out act i mean are you going to watch it or not? i don ' t know if i should tell you
1280. great great great great great what if you looked exactly like one of them? mm? though you ' d have a l you ' d have a lot to choose from though that thing going back in family trees yeah you would if you go through your direct line even just be exciting mm at least they ' ll be reducing road accidents mm half a million years ' time they ' ll into these reactors to show
1281. is now part of an apollo group and made loads of money anyway he was quite eccentric erm and erm he was but he was born really poor in missouri from a poor sharecropper family his mother was like a fundamentalist christian and his dad worked on the railway he spent years to get away from the mother he had this mad life where he spent years as a sailor and he wandered around
1283. horrible things when you ' re a kid don ' t you? mm mm yeah kids can be horrible i got teased when i cried at stuff it was a rite of passage it was like in our family if you cried at a film you would get mercilessly picked on by all your cousins and like really? are you crying? no you ' re crying aren ' t you? no no so you
1286. ' ll be tall and everything ' ll be fine but then then he came out with these with these erm with these with these statistics that he ' s gonna be super fucking short and the whole family is like sorry what? sorry what? he ' s gonna be short? are you fucking kidding me? dude and aren ' t that dude ' s like six foot one ' s short though yes he
1287. ' t that dude ' s like six foot one ' s short though yes he is he ' s over six foot no ' s small but sh her dad ' s tall and the whole of my family ' s tall and kind of like but and basically we were really we were just like yyeah no no of course of course he ' ll be tall of course he ' ll be ' s super
1288. no i don ' t think ' s done the dir well maybe but i doubt it very much i think it ' s just genetics but like on the whole of my mum ' s side of the family like the way that jade goody ' s dad was black yeah exactly well now my what ' s what was that? my my mum ' s family like there ' s only one like there ' s
1289. whole of my mum ' s side of the family like the way that jade goody ' s dad was black yeah exactly well now my what ' s what was that? my my mum ' s family like there ' s only one like there ' s only two cousins that are actually small and all the rest are tall and they ' re totally like outcast they ' re like oh no yeah don '
1306. was time or something i don ' t know okay have to talk to yeah it would be nice but i think it ' s possible i think you know you you know you ' re definitely in the family now after yeah yeah your proposal and you know not that has anything to do with it really but you should meet all his cousins and cousins i know i do want to meet his cousins and you ' ll
1311. ' s even though it ' s not a particularly nice area and it ' s full of chavs and things like that there is a sense of safeness and security of that ' s where my family is from yeah yeah and things like that yeah and like i can you know some of the streets around my parents ' house i might bump into a neighbour or something like that yeah that i know so in
1316. t get that good just as well not like your sister although they say it ' s genetic don ' t they? but she isn ' t any more though is she? true it runs in the family not this week not this week is it that changeable? yeah it is changeable yeah she is yeah i look forward to meeting her jewish one week lesbian the next oh yeah she became all christian didn
1327. got quite a few stories that we ' ve written down haven ' t we? yes but just because we haven ' t got them published it just means that they ' re going to be within the family aren ' t they? so mm yeah in some ways it sort of keeps it private doesn ' t it? and they ' re our special stories yes certainly that we ' ll still have to share won
1331. know thinks that i ' m not fussy so maybe you just eat absolutely everything yeah i i do eat um i think your family were surprised that i was fussy and and whereas like in my family i ' m the least fussy maybe mo yeah really? the least of the whole lot? well what is it that i don ' t like really? i would probably well there ' s some things
1337. ' s worth a load of money who? jeff kinney? er no oh dia erm greg heffley oh really? yeah he found a ring in the easter egg right there is a family heirloom but in ca mm but he ' s ever er gets a really big urge to get a jetpack or something then he might want to does he know it that it ' s definitely valuable
1340. knitted for them? what what happens if? i think i don ' t know about i dunno i ' m not sure yeah there ' s no one knitting anything? i mean like my family knit a lot like that ' s why i knit yeah but i don ' t know about other people cos it ' s popular i mean some people think it ' s chavvy like i was
1344. whisky but it tastes good to me so a liqueur mm mm fair enough well it ' s just good to drink with lemonade for like for dinner or something yeah mm yeah oh well my family doesn ' t like it do they not? why did they no have a southern comfort bottle in the house then? they got given it for a christmas present about ten years ago i was like oh it
1345. ll have to give us some recipes to try of course mm will your mum i might try and make it so will your mum distribute recipes? they might be secret recipes i ' ll they might yeah family secret she said she ' d give me the recipe to that spaghetti bolognese and i ' m still waiting for it baked mac? yeah cos it was so nice oh her pasta bake yeah
1354. she was just a vicar ' s wife wasn ' t she? no she she was a social worker oh very nice huh? mm bet she ' s still working she ' s a member of the family mm oh well she ' s she ' s but she ' s a very erm yeah formidable person with a big se so social conscience and all that kind of stuff mm mm talking of have you seen
1355. ' s? cadbury fry ' s mm mm what what what were fry ' s? was fry ' s a chocolate company? yeah well i yeah if i ' d been taken over by the family i would have been been erm had a job with fry ' s but my mother wouldn ' t have any of it mm mm do you think that ' s why you like chocolate so much? i
1363. football teams they they they travel they travel from newcastle and they go to every exeter city home game cos that ' s their team yeah yeah can you remember when we were in the gambia? that family that family from devon yeah used to go to all the sheffield wednesday matches what yeah and the lived in devon and they went to all the sheffield wednesday home games can you remember that? sheffield wednesday matches it
1364. they they they travel they travel from newcastle and they go to every exeter city home game cos that ' s their team yeah yeah can you remember when we were in the gambia? that family that family from devon yeah used to go to all the sheffield wednesday matches what yeah and the lived in devon and they went to all the sheffield wednesday home games can you remember that? sheffield wednesday matches it ' s
1365. of us you can ' t just have as much as you want he was like what? it ' s fine he seemed really horrified by this idea and er yeah it shocked me cos in my family we h oh candle ' s gone out mm hmm but yeah that was different mm i think he was horrified by the fact that i was there he had to sh share everything into four rather than into three
1376. i saying? oh she went to the dad ' s birthday dad ' s birthday that ' s it that ' s who when you first met that side of it now has got two sides of the family like one side are the and the other side are the oh okay and the which is the connecting right? so the are really quite nice a little bit eccentric but really quite nice and his nan and are
1377. home like oh god i hope that ' s weird erm where does lives? lives at home oh pretty much lives over at ' s but like it ' s still a bit weird but the whole family is a bit weird like they weren ' t allow like has just been allowed control of his own money mad oh my god but like but then ' s mum ' s dad and ' s mum are really
1380. for that like compensation? yeah it ' s because they use the erm oh the kitchen as their main room and that ' s the room that gets cut off cos they ' re a real family likes winding me up so if we ' re erm but look the reason this family ' s broken up is not my fault it ' s ' s it ' s not my fault it ' s it
1381. kitchen as their main room and that ' s the room that gets cut off cos they ' re a real family likes winding me up so if we ' re erm but look the reason this family ' s broken up is not my fault it ' s ' s it ' s not my fault it ' s it ' s ' s cos ' s not even going he ' s decid he
1384. genteel criteria applied to people like alastair cook and others uhu who mm whwhat ' s the phrase they used about him? well he comes from the right kind of family he ' s a good chap isn ' t he? and er a good chap that ' s right yeah farming stock you know farming stock yeah or or at least his people are yea his
1391. visit? dad ' s sister which one? his his complete sister yeah his full sister she still married then did he oh yes yes no no er dad and and are the only two in the entire family who are no but ' s husband is still yeah yeah what i said yeah he ' s still with her? oh yeah uhu i mean what i ' m saying is that they ' re the only
1406. you get certain bits of you yeah erm and it ' s it ' s if if the hormones that come in if they start the next thing yeah don ' t happen it ' s like this family had all six fingers but wow you know this this like village all sort of had six fingers yeah so people get you know if they only get five they get but and it ' s because erm they
1407. a phase but so anything that ' s worked for other people and mm erm and also nnot necessarily even that just talking i know that when was hello there ' s a genetic problem in their family oh yeah they actually got to talk over the computer you know oh yeah? to people in all s in in america and all places oh yeah? and she found that just so helpful talking to real people
1408. in america and all places oh yeah? and she found that just so helpful talking to real people oh right who ' d had real pregnancies and and and you know and had it in the family and that kind of thing er just a bit of kind of background just it ' s just context for you isn ' t it? that ' s right that ' s right erm erm erm
1409. ' m like the only the girl in like cos we spent a lot of time without having another grownup so they ' re kinda like they they they speak everything they ' re part of the family yeah pretty much like most of them are brothers like they but they are family if you know what i mean like be like surrogate family yeah yeah but that ' s a shame mm but he just says
1415. pyjamas till like two in the afternoon and then like i dunno then we ' d maybe go out for a walk mm as a family when er cos that ' s what our family did oh god that sounds tragic that ' s what you do in you go for a family walk because there ' s nothing else to do oh mm and yeah so that was yeah i hated sundays as well
1418. having a baby on board keep your distance the one that really annoys me little princess on board ah ah well is she a princess? is she actually the ki you know the daughter of the ruling family? no she ' s not so shut up are they? is she little? or is she obese? be honest what i was thinking more along the lines of erm ones is that so what
1421. a month five thousand pounds wow no discount for doing extra? no discount for doing it longer no crikey some of them send a whole family you can have three or four kids from the same family yeah i guess if money ' s no object then why not? but imagine having and it ' s i mean it ' s not throwing away money i mean if i had children and i had money you
1426. trump obviously has got like a boeing seven whatever seven five seven or seven three seven or something some big plane and he ' s had like all of his replaced with like massive luxury seats with the trump family crest like sown into everything and gold everywhere and well he ' s got a gold statue of himself hasn ' t he i mean well i went in that man ' s achieved a lot but he '
1429. ' s not it ' s you know that your child you want them to be you know? i know i know it ' s but it ' s not uncommon is it? you often hear about family feuds and you know somebody ' s not speaking to somebody else for years yeah you do i mean everybody has yeah everybody has family problems but usually in that situation if he wasn ' t gonna be accepted
1431. of them around the million pound mark or well you know between one and two million mm you i ' m i don ' t know if you er ever remember on christmas day about no? no his family owned quite a lot of land in in erm and when he when the children were born he ' s got two brothers the three of them were born his father bought a plot of land for each of
1433. more don ' t they? rather than just the that ' s the worst thing of selling a house is the bloody estate agents i hate them but these ones are really good very fair but yeah a family business of thirty years my estate agents well that ' s great it ' s a small business they ' ve gotta look after their customers properly yeah oh there ' s sainsbury ' s mm it '
1434. whole thing of like her degree in italian and french you know she ' d ended up being a pa which i thought was a terrible kind of waste you know? really? just quite bizarre and her family are so wealthy mm when her father drove out in his nineteen thirties rolls royce to italy we had this amazing mm mm journey down the valley and this amazing picnic and they were very very wealthy kinda cultured
1435. like you know to do some typing for the war effort or something mm mm mm yeah yeah erm but anyway b so both these two women who ' d obviously kind of come from a really good family good london kind of quite wealthy erm and probably very beautiful when they were young the pair of them and kind of charming and chch all of these mm mm mm mm mm mm mm they ' d
1437. ' s just so weird and like yeah i and i can ' t imagine that you know so she for sixteen years she ' s been down living in cos her husband has got a family old family business there mm that ' s where they ' ve spent their life and she ' s brought up her kids that way mm and her whole life ' s been about bringing up her kids and being a a
1448. gay and likes theatre and also had no interest whatsoever in sport and the dad ' s trying to push him and it ' s just funny to watch er that poor dad ' s outnumbered terribly in his family isn ' t he really? oh yeah his he ' s he ' s been taken out royally or lose the wicket it ' s quite entertaining yeah they were mad i remember one of them when you
1456. ve all died i know how horrific mm how horrific imagine losing all your children how? various cancers and things? yeah i think so they were worried really it ' s a bit rife in her family isn ' t it? mm must have some gene god forbid yet she ' s so healthy her nan her nan where ' s her dad grandad there? how old was he when he died? i
1458. be fair wouldn ' t it? that would be very fair that would be that would be a lot better if if but then what they ' d do is they ' d get the someone in the family to buy a house and rent it to them well yeah and that rent yeah would then pay the mortgage and all the upkeep but the what they should have is a place like downing street where it
1459. on was one property i think there were sort of six there was a major house and sort of five other houses there all on this one bit of land mm that was all owned by some saudi saudi family yeah and they ' d bought it for i dunno six million or so and that was now even in the state it was in it was now worth about fifteen million yeah mm so they ' d you
1461. ' s a bit of a shame that they don ' t do it by income because yeah he was like i ' m not gonna say no but they ' re giving me this money that as a family we don ' t need and it should be going somewhere else that they don ' t need yeah erm and you know if you have three kids so you get or even if you have two kids then
1462. when are you getting married? mm when are you settling down? blah blah blah but yeah i know i think i ' m very lucky that i ' ve never had that and no one in my family would dare to ask mm i don ' t know what i ' ve done in the past but they just wouldn ' t ever yeah ever ever ask i don ' t think even you know at christmas and
1463. culinary traditions and like festive holidays and like special events and stuff but they don ' t have that kind of what they would see as pointless kind of no although they are very interested in the royal family it ' s always on the news about what william and kate are up to is it? yeah oh and sometimes the spanish royal family feature but not as heavily as the english royal family or the british royal
1464. as pointless kind of no although they are very interested in the royal family it ' s always on the news about what william and kate are up to is it? yeah oh and sometimes the spanish royal family feature but not as heavily as the english royal family or the british royal family oh they have been very naughty haven ' t they the spanish royal family i don ' t know i don ' t keep up
1465. in the royal family it ' s always on the news about what william and kate are up to is it? yeah oh and sometimes the spanish royal family feature but not as heavily as the english royal family or the british royal family oh they have been very naughty haven ' t they the spanish royal family i don ' t know i don ' t keep up they ' re in trouble with the spanish royal family
1466. ' s always on the news about what william and kate are up to is it? yeah oh and sometimes the spanish royal family feature but not as heavily as the english royal family or the british royal family oh they have been very naughty haven ' t they the spanish royal family i don ' t know i don ' t keep up they ' re in trouble with the spanish royal family in the news don '
1467. is it? yeah oh and sometimes the spanish royal family feature but not as heavily as the english royal family or the british royal family oh they have been very naughty haven ' t they the spanish royal family i don ' t know i don ' t keep up they ' re in trouble with the spanish royal family in the news don ' t you? what ' s happened? oh i do every night the
1468. or the british royal family oh they have been very naughty haven ' t they the spanish royal family i don ' t know i don ' t keep up they ' re in trouble with the spanish royal family in the news don ' t you? what ' s happened? oh i do every night the king had to well the king abdicated didn ' t he they ' ve got another king and erm
1469. told us about this quite a few times but his girlfriend who he ' s been with for maybe five years now yeah they ' re pretty serious mm her dad is it or uncle? someone in her family sells toilet rolls toilet rolls? yeah imports loads and loads of toilet roll from china mm makes an absolute killing on it apparently like he ' s he ' s got his porsche he lives in dubai and the
1472. don ' t bother speaking to them again cut them off hundred percent because she ' s that cold and that ' s what she ' s like and that obviously that could result in him being splitting the family up put in that predicament that sort of ultimatum definitely babe yeah and it ' ll it ' ll split him up from yeah his family cos she ' s she ' s that cold whereas like
1489. ' t really like her dad or his family like they ' re all a bit weird and like not very nice so she got these like rats and she ' s like she named them all after the family so there ' s like doubles of everyone cos there ' s so many rats so yeah now you ' ve got your own family and then except for the very youngest one of all which she calls sorrow
1495. type but he ' s not he ' s not sort of pompous or arrogant in any way he ' s just that ' s just what he ' s always done that ' s what his family have done they ' ve got a massive pile down in hampshire with a river running through it and fishing rights on it i mean it ' s they ' ve got not a penny to rub together but they
1499. market like rehabilitating but she wants to do and that ' s us all yeah there ' s so many that ' s all of us it must be so nice being part of a big family yeah it ' s weird like now i ' ve moved out like the home being really quiet yeah so how how many of your sisters live at home? er three and my older sister ' s moving out
1506. her like a long email with pictures in it yeah and i said thank you for er christmas what were you saying about? i don ' t know she ' s just got this funny position in the family with granny and man am i thirsty definitely gonna have a big spoon of ice cream when i get in fantasising about it mm does granny granny go there? tut erm not really she needs
1507. not sure full of food she she never goes in there she never even opens the li she can ' t open the lid anymore i don ' t wanna marry i don ' t wanna marry into your family all the men see why? all the men seem like downtrodden? henpecked is that the word? is that the word? it just reminds me of fargo that now hey erm no
1518. friendly people a couple of erm of nice restaurants and yeah that really friendly woman who was who was planting flowers outside her gallery who told us yeah we just like the history of the town and her family we just walked in the art gallery and the show was all people who ' d be students at the art college and mostly ununder one particular tutor it was all sort of a tribute to i think who
1520. i was a film archivist and there was this lady i can ' t remember her name now but she ha she ' s a professor and she studies carnivals but also she comes from a a family of romany travellers right who were show folk so she ' s yeah really furious that they get such a bad reputation yeah cos it wasn ' t like that it just yeah genuinely wasn ' t and
1521. hasn ' t left her bed yeah? for about three months and her partner is recovering from a heart attack so i ' m thinking fuck and there ' s no one else yeah the rest of her family are you know disowned her like my dad won ' t speak to her if if things go shit which they probably will she ' s probably fucked up mm it ' s it ' s my
1523. and then the the hours you work as well i mean it ' s jus it ' s just a fucking you know a lot of people must have this i mean mm but i cos my family ' s very dysfunctional you it is i ' m the only one to take that position mm and i don ' t wanna do it but if i don ' t do it that would make me a
1524. know i got five grand mm and my cousins got twenty grand yeah yeah i know i ' m not getting much from my grandparents but i i don ' t want that that like the rest of my family are just it ' s horrible to see but they ' re just like sucking her arse mm because they wanna get what she ' s yeah she ' s got you know? and it ' s so
1526. round the town and buying all these newspapers so no one would read it i had to go and buy them erm oh i ' ve forgotten what i was gonna say well we should have had a family fortune cos i mean my granddad er the one who died of tb he had apparently he had this big fucking er place in or homes he was one of thirteen and my mum he doesn ' t
1527. just spent it on a fucking prostitute what could he do he was in he was fighting in the war this guy was shagging hard yeah yeah that ' s like my mum ' s side of the family is like that they ' re they ' re so erm who was the mayor of london? erm who boris johnson? no before ken ken livingstone? no before there wasn ' t one before there
1528. my nan is like oh yo you know that ' s it ' s quite close to her erm what ' s his name? shit i ' ve forgotten it ' s basically that side of the family robbed all of the money from my nan she ' s got nothing they ' ve taken it all you see but she still likes that that you know that that power to associate herself with yeah that that kind
1530. fucked by these people you know they just took the whole lot yeah sounds like what ' s his name? jesus can ' t remember what the name was i mean it ' s my dad ' s family were dead working class and er his gran my my grandfather he used to be a livery painter he used to paint trams and stuff and he was also a song and dance man and my dad always fucks
1537. haven ' t known each other that long oh they ' re yeah yeah yeah they still love each other honeymoon yeah very specially yeah yeah yeah that ' s true i mean you note the thing in their family they all get their boyfriends or girlfriends with the same name as the one before yeah i mean yeah isn ' t it? i know you ' ll never find anybody else called though unless i go to
1538. ' s gonna be much more difficult for you in many many ways than for my gengeneration mm there ' s no doubt about that but if you came from a you know a different kind of family you ' d have no support you do have a lot of support yeah you know yeah i mean i probably i mean i ' m not going to allow you to starve although a week or two i
1539. got a trial at ' s though on friday so hopefully he ' ll have a job soon but yeah he ' s as annoying as ever annoying but we love him yeah like most of one ' s family yeah yeah he ' s okay erm but i ' m very amused to hear about your dad having a ponytail i can see that is definitely annoying erm but i suppose there ' s not much you
1541. boat was it? just like a little boat you know? was she a nice lady? she was really nice how old is she? young like young and pretty just like she comes from all her family is fisher fishermen and women her husband does the the sort of big deep sea fishing on a bigger boat and she said i know where to go and catch a fish yeah it ' s funny cos she
1542. wash it up wash it up why can ' t i put it in the dishwasher? wash it up when i got a dishwasher said to me you know that is the end of family life and she was right what do you mean that ' s the end of family life? well she was really shocked she said it ' s really important that your children learn how to do the washing yeah
1543. ##washer? wash it up when i got a dishwasher said to me you know that is the end of family life and she was right what do you mean that ' s the end of family life? well she was really shocked she said it ' s really important that your children learn how to do the washing yeah i learned that ' s how i mean i ' m good at washing up and
1544. have the same name as well because every generation the re they rename them the same names oh right yeah so it ' s an absolute nightmare trying to work out yeah and there ' s like a family tree in the front so i was kind of flicking yeah yeah back to that and i ' m glad i read it in print just to yes to be able to turn back so easily but yeah yeah you
1551. not erm cos the tradition is that you give away the bride yeah is your daughter yeah but i ' m not doing that i ' m welcoming the i ' m welcoming the groom into my family and it was just really cheesy and mm everyone was like er? i think my dad if i ever if i ever decide to get married my dad ' s speech ' ll be quite good co
1552. she did tell me a bit about her she ' s now relationship though well she ha they it i think they were the they were what what would you call it? the they were a dysfunctional family i mean her son is in australia he ' s an addict to anything and he ' s been a drug addict didn ' t speak to his father for years and it ' s only when and went out
1553. stuff mm and i i talk to my parents no it ' s not like that we don he we ' re just not like that we ' re not clingy we ' re not a close family in that respect really mm if i had been i mean what which families are? yeah well some are some are living out of each other ' s pockets i mean well i don ' t re mm i
1556. yeah this is the irish side of the family yeah right yeah oh yeah everybody has one you might not have one an irish side? well given that my mother was from the deep south it ' s oh was she? no just the midlands so what
1557. canary? yeah she was auntie er who ' s er you don ' t piece things together do you? when you ' re a kid yeah which i was when i knew what all these members family members you just accept things so there was mm old auntie there was young auntie who was her daughter and i was aware of the fact that young cousin auntie had been brought up with my father
1558. old auntie there was young auntie who was her daughter and i was aware of the fact that young cousin auntie had been brought up with my father and his brothers yeah as part of the family yeah but i didn ' t know why and the reason was because her father who ' s a farmer from ireland had come over married old auntie had one child and then just got fed up of it
1559. back to ireland and left them mm done bish bash bosh gone i i didn ' t know that and it so so that ' s why they ' ve moved in with my father ' s family cos they ' d no house and nowhere to live so auntie who was my old auntie old auntie to discriminate between old auntie who would be your dad ' s m aunt
1560. your dad ' s m auntie? er yes yeah yes that ' s right and she married an irish lad mm who then just disappeared again so you took took her in so my father ' s family took old auntie right i ' m talking with her daughter with her daughter with her daughter young auntie that ' s what people did in those days yeah they did mm just absorbed it they did yeah
1564. always ang am i always angry? yeah no you ' re angry in your now you ' ve got me already you ' ve only known me for a few days and twenty - one so full name family name so you don ' t have any middle names or anything? no yeah where do i put that? next to that? yeah you don ' t have to write it oh i was just wondering if
1565. where do i put that? next to that? yeah you don ' t have to write it oh i was just wondering if you did yeah very nice with a c and it ' s like a family name so it ' s my mum ' s middle name and my nanna ' s middle name and oh that ' s nice all of that so when you have a daughter or if you or when you
1577. hear about stuff like that and then i ' m like i don ' t really have i don ' t really have any problems yeah i ' m the first person to even go to university in my family so oh that ' s so good though but then my brother ' s just gone recently so not f not from the cream of the crop my mm my bunch unfortunately you meeting at quarter to? yeah i
1584. it is that er? it must be husband and wife is it? yeah that ' s the wife look huh ah and that ' s such a beautiful erm spire oh look there ' s another family oh we ' re standing on the oh and there ' s another one wow that ' s that must they must have been a prominent family here yep well people used to get buried all together didn ' t
1585. such a beautiful erm spire oh look there ' s another family oh we ' re standing on the oh and there ' s another one wow that ' s that must they must have been a prominent family here yep well people used to get buried all together didn ' t they but people can ' t do it anymore because there ' s no space yeah but i suppose this didn ' t used to be a
1589. something but it it that was where i saw the buddleia bit right erm and it ' s definitely smaller than the other buddleias that i got so it ' s presumably the same family but mm slightly off mm well except that what i ' ve actually got isn ' t what i was supposed to have clearly yeah yeah there ' s a lot of butterfly activity today i mean i ' ve
1591. play for newcastle? bat batty bar barton bar barton yeah he ' s horrible they ' re their family ' s like they ' ve got a just a they ' re chavs just a bad family haven ' t they? wrong ' uns ah no but no they are wrong ' uns but uh wrong ' uns no but this was really bad cos like it ' s a really bad
1598. yeah yes yeah is that round that area yes yeah ah i was right i ' ve never i ' ve never been to yeah it ' s really yeah well all all my family my father ' s family for hundreds of years come from a tiny village in north wales which is ex it ' s it ' s it ' s minute er even now mm and it ' s just on the edge wa the eastern
1599. michael and glyn is a a valley in wawales in welsh is pensive or thoughtful and we we went there recently just to check on whether any fafafarms that are in my family ' s background and i found there are only four or five farms in the whole area we found them and in the church we went into the church which is a twelfth century church twelve thirteen century church by
1600. twelve thirteen century church by the river and there was the most extraordinary statement there my great grandfather was born in in eighteen twenty - one mm there ' s a huge gap in in each generation in our family and in eighteen twenty - four when he was three years old the rector of that church who was a welsh chap who ' d er got a degree from oxford mm had a visitor and this visitor was
1606. yes when i was a little girl you took me to see them they were staying at a hotel there it ' s just sort of in my mind just once not not no not not part of the family were they? they went on their own no no you i don ' t know how many of us you took but you went to see them there did i went to see them? yes with me and
1615. specifically? ah okay not never unlikely to happen mm well this is quite unlikely it was really generally we only see each other mm at family events mm well erm and family events are sober in your family? yeah your family ' s different peter no our family is normal well his family ' s different in one direction my family is different in another direction fair enough another direction fundamental law relatives who don ' t
1616. not never unlikely to happen mm well this is quite unlikely it was really generally we only see each other mm at family events mm well erm and family events are sober in your family? yeah your family ' s different peter no our family is normal well his family ' s different in one direction my family is different in another direction fair enough another direction fundamental law relatives who don ' t see each other get
1617. this is quite unlikely it was really generally we only see each other mm at family events mm well erm and family events are sober in your family? yeah your family ' s different peter no our family is normal well his family ' s different in one direction my family is different in another direction fair enough another direction fundamental law relatives who don ' t see each other get together don ' t like each other
1618. was really generally we only see each other mm at family events mm well erm and family events are sober in your family? yeah your family ' s different peter no our family is normal well his family ' s different in one direction my family is different in another direction fair enough another direction fundamental law relatives who don ' t see each other get together don ' t like each other so you need to drink
1636. lie it wasn ' t diagnosis murder but it w had barry van dyke and dick van dyke and barry van dyke ' s son little little jimmy van dyke three generations of van dykes in the same family in the same thing and it was about it was like great look at all that talent in one screen oh it was really bad like the acting was so terrible it was really good to watch like really cr
1641. lived in two two parishes in and came back to england when i was seven oh right and that was quite hard for my mother because she ' d left all her family behind right cos the whole family had emigrated but not together she ' d gone separately erm so anyway that that ' s what happened and and we ended up in actually because my father had to look for a parish and for us to
1650. alright it says premier foods was hit by the incident in november last year when f the firm was forced to recall a batch of jars of lloyd grossman korma sauce after three children from the same family contracted botulism from the product the children have returned home um but the mystery remains as to how a single jar of the sauce became contaminated scientists describe the incident as a complete mystery one expert who didn
1652. s um so that i don ' t mind injections though there ' s a lot of er ab i don ' t love them but you you ' ve got um some some some people in your family i believe are have er er major sort of medical stories er oh i ' m not gonna get have a fondness for old nana on it er like fondness for you know for gory details about
1656. more like what ' s surprising is don ' t let him jump on his feet like i ' d say when i grew up n no no when i was like you ' re jumping probably ten every family went to mass every sunday mm mm like now i ' d say i don ' t actually know i ' d say one in twenty families i know go to mass on sunday i think nan sort of goes
1658. pre indo european languages of western europe wow mm mm so is that what a language isolate is then? mm i guess that when i guess an isolated language yeah it ' s like a member of the family but pre indo european i thought that puts it back pretty far doesn ' t it? yeah i thought pre indo european was some proto language that they didn ' t really know demographic mm go to basque country
1662. ' s next to the sea yeah next to the sea yeah where abouts in canada are you from? i ' m from originally mm mm right so you ' re a french speaker? yes my family is anglo that we all speak english but you know we can speak english yeah mm mm very nice mm where are you from? in the north east okay erm born in but brought up in oh okay
1664. were are we ' re talking about we ' re talking about the film the castle the castle well you were yeah it ' s australian it ' s completely ridiculous er anyway it ' s about er a family who live in a house and the local airport wants to extend the runway and get rid of their house uhu er and tries to buy it off them anyway but the dad he ' s a bit of
1665. he wants to buy some things i can ' t remember what er and he goes tell him he ' s dreaming is he irish? no he ' s australian australian and since then it ' s the family phrase yeah this thing please okay thank you so much so should have done prep for that anyway er i like this lady i once saw her and i was with like and and and uhu and she gave
1668. must ' ve been yeah how does she wear that to go shopping? i ' m sorry she probably does you know does it say? mm doesn ' t say there ' s one of them our family recipe no that ' s not it then no there ' s a who it ' s a whole there ' s a l there ' s a whole chicken section here yeah it ' s a whole roast chicken
1670. these things herself for example no but it ' s a s it ' s a part of certain cultures though isn ' t it mm like it ' s like you say the family bubble and outside the family bubble mm are the people are non - persons you know yes almost yes there ' s no mm consciousness of the no no wider community isn ' t it and and and i sometimes feel that i ' m
1673. one oh right oh you ' ve got three three brothers like four four brothers four brothers? yeah and then so you ' re five you mean and the girls and the girls that is a big old family yeah no a ball of meat yeah i mean what was the shopping bill on on that family? i know feeding the feeding the five thousand yeah i know my mum at one point she got milk a day
1674. yeah and then so you ' re five you mean and the girls and the girls that is a big old family yeah no a ball of meat yeah i mean what was the shopping bill on on that family? i know feeding the feeding the five thousand yeah i know my mum at one point she got milk a day or something i don ' t know if it surprises me i ' m sure you know but
1677. terrible oh was that ' s stag do? yeah ' s stag do ah that makes sense now and and my former oh i don ' t even know what to call him like a former family member owned a pub in brighton the oh really? oh okay bull i ' m sure it ' s but my sort of cousin wants to move i guess we whatever you ' d call it my cousin '
1678. ' t know the twins but you remember they obviously don ' t have anything interesting to define them i haven ' t seen in years it took me four years just to to get to terms with her family so yeah she ' s got a lot of brothers yeah and which had mm and or something like that all these names er especially people that you ' ve not really met it is hard ' s got you
1680. mm and or something like that all these names er especially people that you ' ve not really met it is hard ' s got you ' ve a really big family as well yeah yeah ridiculously big family it ' s like they ' re breeding like it ' s coming out of action it ' s not that bad i think you know something that we don ' t yeah yeah yeah they ' re just like
1681. t there? one that ' s there is one yeah but you have to breathe a while that ' s why yeah just one yeah they having a boy as well oh shit just one little girl my family used to be smaller yeah but it ' s gone er gone much much bigger since your parents married other people used to be just me my mum my dad and my brother and then it became my mother '
1687. always get those at school definitely get them in and i just don ' t really know well in cha like in chapter we there was that family wasn ' t there? do you remember the really weird family? and the mum used to walk all the kids to school oh yeah i don ' t think any of th there was an older boy who i think was in our six form and then they had daughters
1693. we mm it ' s a different responsibility being the oldest to being the youngest i think yeah i don ' t know it ' s a pretty different responsibility depends on your siblings yeah it was in my family always acted or demanded it is a different responsibility to really oh well with three kids that sounds like it ' s i don ' t know yeah i had a student that were like fifteen no that ' s
1707. be like yeah i know no i ' m not gonna work a part of us a little bit wishes that we ' d got with at least one of us could ' ve been from a slightly wealthy family would ' ve been nice i know yeah but i mean it ' s i never expected it yeah you don ' t we ain ' t got a shit coming that ' s yeah that ' s fine you
1708. it ' s like you don ' t wanna it like no of course no yeah yeah you don ' t really wanna it so it ' s kind of you you want you want that member of your family not not the money you know what i mean? yeah of course you do and it was only i think that only rec i probably it was the insurance yeah i wouldn ' t have had anything it '
1709. extra hundred pound or something like that with all i think with all of the insurances together it ' s about an extra hundred hundred and it dedepends how old you are and what your family history is and all that shit the more kind of risk you have yeah yeah yeah yeah cos the more expensive it will be yeah cos your family history you will be more high risk and that kind
1710. ##pends how old you are and what your family history is and all that shit the more kind of risk you have yeah yeah yeah yeah cos the more expensive it will be yeah cos your family history you will be more high risk and that kind of stuff my family history it will cost a fucking fortune yeah but it might balance out anything wrong with that yeah but yeah but like if i think if
1711. that shit the more kind of risk you have yeah yeah yeah yeah cos the more expensive it will be yeah cos your family history you will be more high risk and that kind of stuff my family history it will cost a fucking fortune yeah but it might balance out anything wrong with that yeah but yeah but like if i think if anyone gets ill and like even little things like if goes deaf mm they
1712. t out of the question who are these people? they ' re all like not but women tend to live longer anyway so the women are dragging the average up they ' re huge are they in your family? cos they ' re not in mine they ' re not in ' s as men die younger no i mean who are these people? my like mm i had one granddad that lived till ninety
1713. no i mean who are these people? my like mm i had one granddad that lived till ninety it ' s a myth my nan ' s like seventy - five or something mm nobody in my family has lived beyond seventy nobody my granddad got to ninety - two nobody i think my dad said he lived until ninety - two i only knew one grandparent ever my dad ' s seventy nobody ' s
1714. oh yeah yeah you would accidentally eat that shit yeah or they came with yours no i think it was unhygienic cos you ' d always get some of them did one member of the family sticking their hand right yeah like shit wow yeah of course they didn ' t it ' s too sugary to get it all i think i ' d live on that it ' d kill some bacteria they
1716. ? that doesn ' t sound really good paul mycock paul mycock yeah that ' s paul mycock i ' ve only realised recently that my name is quite good it ' s so good my family name yeah i ' ve only realised it recently what ' s taken me all these years to realise that you could call your son bat bat or spider peter peter peter yeah i was tempted by x x you
1719. my brother my little brother is a lot more so i guess i ' m more like and ' s more like okay um so bizarrely i probably tend towards the straight - laced sensible side of the family um and then er luke would turn would tend towards the um go out night dri go you know party hard and that kind of stuff um er lifestyle er both i think both anna and luke are a
1721. find families weird i was reading something interesting er on the um resurgence um and it had had an interesting comment not i haven ' t to my family but it was just an observation that said that every family is broken sta you start off with a you know if you get married and you have a family so you start off with a broken family because everyone ' s flawed and everything um it ' s just
1723. family but it was just an observation that said that every family is broken sta you start off with a you know if you get married and you have a family so you start off with a broken family because everyone ' s flawed and everything um it ' s just a question of how quickly you realize it oh what do you mean broken? gosh that ' s quite sad so what ' s the what
1725. my marriage was really was great until i found out my wife was being unfaithful and there there ' s lots of these kind of um so p people have like a big disaster in the family it just seems to be something you hear that they they blame the brokeness in the family on a particular event or a particular person making yeah a particular mistake and he said it ' s um probably what
1726. and there there ' s lots of these kind of um so p people have like a big disaster in the family it just seems to be something you hear that they they blame the brokeness in the family on a particular event or a particular person making yeah a particular mistake and he said it ' s um probably what you need to realize is that the family was broken all along you just couldn ' t see
1727. that they they blame the brokeness in the family on a particular event or a particular person making yeah a particular mistake and he said it ' s um probably what you need to realize is that the family was broken all along you just couldn ' t see it um and you know what and it just took an event? yeah and he said actually if you think about it for you to realize it you know
1729. you have to assume that everyone ' s family is in some way broken um and you have to be proactive to try and keep it together and to um you know help it survive so well no family ' s gonna survive without work no exactly but that doesn ' t mean every family is broken cos broken implies something i ' m not sure about the word broken is er well okay so the the the
1730. you have to be proactive to try and keep it together and to um you know help it survive so well no family ' s gonna survive without work no exactly but that doesn ' t mean every family is broken cos broken implies something i ' m not sure about the word broken is er well okay so the the the if i try a different analogy the um er guy who founded pixar ed
1731. they read it properly whereas my dad never did that in hebrew? yeah in hebrew do you reckon he skipped bits? he never skipped bits but it ' s like claudia roden says that in her family her father would go and that is mm that is a common phenomenon amongst in jewish families because nobody actually knows what the hebrew means there are very very few people unless they ' re an orthodox family who know
1732. her family her father would go and that is mm that is a common phenomenon amongst in jewish families because nobody actually knows what the hebrew means there are very very few people unless they ' re an orthodox family who know what the hebrew means you ' re just phonetically reading it i don ' t know what it means it ' s like doing his greek homework oh i see you don ' t know what it
1736. on the paper yeah i ' ve nobody to sing with me erm will ' ll do it with you la la la la la it ' s fine god it smells amazing by this time in my family we ' d all be pissed would they really be pissed? yeah i thought you were only allowed four glasses of wine? and one for elijah yeah well we ' d all be pissed and the song the
1738. should have said not as easy as yours mate oh dear i wonder what would happen mm? you ' d be whisked away yeah you ' ve had quite a lot to do with the royal family actually haven ' t you? with the what? the royal family sang at the weddings and yeah i suppose so mm mm and prince edward ' s wife came and opened the earth project yeah? forgotten her
1739. what would happen mm? you ' d be whisked away yeah you ' ve had quite a lot to do with the royal family actually haven ' t you? with the what? the royal family sang at the weddings and yeah i suppose so mm mm and prince edward ' s wife came and opened the earth project yeah? forgotten her name now yeah sophie is it? mm? is it sophie?
1743. you think or erm i ' ve done you you know you know er do you think these would look nice or what are your thoughts on these? they ' re very manipulative that whole family is oh yeah they are they ' re really manipulative yeah yeah yeah yeah everything that they do is geared to yeah yeah getting their own way and it ' s ridiculous is really from the same family
1744. is oh yeah they are they ' re really manipulative yeah yeah yeah yeah everything that they do is geared to yeah yeah getting their own way and it ' s ridiculous is really from the same family? well i know and i ' m just like i mean he has well i can ' t imagine ' s like it he just puts up with her but yeah he does he never seems he never comes
1752. but in asia it ' s gonna be really high but apparently he had that many children and also it wasn ' t just it was his son as well kublai khan that was like their their family sired that many children cos he he owned from mongolia all the way to eastern europe he owned the whole area at that point and apparently every time he conquered he ' d take the wives of the people
1753. ? i ' ve no idea no could find out they ' re probably with their mum and that lot? they ' ll be at home with the kids not very popular are we this part of the family? no nobody wants to be with us and that lot? the trouble is it ' s like we can ' t get and everyone over because we can ' t get them over with the car just leave
1760. get mm all sorts of negative effects where they ' re leaving dead babies in the side of streets oh my god and all this kind of stuff and in because of chinese society the male carries on the family name they don ' t want females and all this kind of stuff so it ' s like oh god yeah so it you need a whole social construct reformed for that a system like that to work but i
1761. that a system like that to work but i ' m not against that i think that ' s how it should be and quite often and i ' m not talking about you or or people in our family but there are a hell of a lot of people that are having children that probably shouldn ' t be mm and there are a hell of a lot of people that probably should be having children that aren '
1775. so say so yeah i mean yeah some people say i ' ve got a real accent but i i don ' t really take any notice of it and i i know you ' ve been in a family business for years yeah haven ' t you? yeah erm and you ' re erm er a carpenter by trade? yeah that ' s it yeah? carpenter yeah and erm what sort of work
1776. and you ' ve got ear defenders on i expect and all that sort of thing most of the time yeah yeah so you wouldn ' t so erm i know that your father was instrumental and your family in building the large building here er which you know that ' s it yeah was erm the the carriage was the carriage shed er there was named in his honour after unfortunately after he passed away oh and
1781. ' s got the money probably hasn ' t i know i haven ' t got the money any more definitely hasn ' t cos er we ' ve lost ' s gonna be the wealthiest in the family well yeah we ' ll have to all be tapping him up for a loan definitely cos erm ' s lost all ' s lost her wage her pension is gonna be quite d pitiful really it
1785. don ' t you try and get a job there you know where you and nothing can be as bad as where you are but she ' s worked for these people ever since died yeah? the same family yeah they ' ve got several homes there ' s one on the coast there ' s one here there ' s one somewhere else erm but she ' s just well mm they ' re taking advantage of
1795. matter i said something the other day and i had to apologise oh had just who ' s the church warden at now she ' s a lovely lass well they ' re all a lovely family erm and their dog died about ten days ago yeah he ' d been funny for a while he ' d got to the stage he was a great big labrador yeah a golden labrador or retriever probably
1796. ' s a must do cos i think you said they go there every year do they? erm yeah i ' m pretty sure they ' ve been going there every year for oh the whole family? yeah not for like ever but i think with the whole family? they er take quite a lot of trips together don ' t they? mm it ' s kind of nice it ' s really nice
1797. there every year do they? erm yeah i ' m pretty sure they ' ve been going there every year for oh the whole family? yeah not for like ever but i think with the whole family? they er take quite a lot of trips together don ' t they? mm it ' s kind of nice it ' s really nice mm i ' d love to go away with erm had er
1798. was very quiet about it but yeah he was a really really amazing man but he did that through accountancy which sounds a very boring job but he was anyway so you ' ve got it in the family as well yeah it ' s just if i did that i ' d probably be depressed you ' ve got two mouths you ' ve got like a chocolate one and a real one it looks really funny you
1799. about me mum yes? there is a person who does share the same birthday as you who? i don ' t know but at least two people are born every second yes but not in the same family and not brothers and sisters that ' s why it ' s very unusual and dad are born on the same day but in a different year who? and dad? yeah but they ' re born on a
1800. ' t talk over carry on i sorry? i know er chocolate can eat uhu and it ' s not dark what is it? erm well i think it was made by the myle family okay and it was the first chocolate ever made and instead of putting sugar and milk in yeah they put pepper yikes to make t crushed chilli pepper how do you know this? mr gave us their
1802. the very first people that made chocolate o were the aztecs like a long time ago and their hot chocolates were very very bitter i think it was well not hot chocolate as in food chocolate myles family? i think it was that okay or the the mill family what was it like though? absolutely disgusting yeah i can imagine so what were you doing then looking at chocolate? nothing mr just wanted to test
1803. like a long time ago and their hot chocolates were very very bitter i think it was well not hot chocolate as in food chocolate myles family? i think it was that okay or the the mill family what was it like though? absolutely disgusting yeah i can imagine so what were you doing then looking at chocolate? nothing mr just wanted to test it oh really? yeah had he made it himself? i
1804. on the house really cos you ' ve still got to do a bit of work but er we applied for tickets for the european championship in france you know wales qualified but i think everyone in the family applied for tickets really on the house oh yeah yeah and i don ' t think anyone got one i think might have got one so i might go up and spend a few days if he gets a camp
1805. working mid i ' m working middle class i was working class now i am middle class and i ' m aspiring to be a well you know aspiring to be m married you know someone in the royal family hopefully princess princess oh oh god exactly i mean i am already married to kind of like some kind of weird solihillion mix she she like kind of south ah i shouldn ' t say this she
1807. but when you ' ve got family responsibilities when you ' ve got you know like me i ' ve an ageing grandfather i ' ve got an ol old getting old mum and dad i have a family business and the thing is that i i say that those things are are important they ' re also very practical as well hmm i mean i gain a lot of privilege from having family business uh they ' re
1812. was always something that was grinding my gears uh and always something that kind of um he he lost his father awhile ago a few a few years ago and became like you know ultimately the head of the family or something and he had to take on a lot of responsibilities so we had a lot of stuff to talk about in terms of you know father figures and so on and um and i just november last year
1818. i i i kind of ought to go for socrates yeah it ' s aristotle so crates yeah we just said that dad me and already made that joke oh well at least we know it runs in the family i guess right your turn oh great i ' m so looking forward to taking my turn ' s doing er er what? roll again er go for history yeah well it might be socrates this time yeah er
1820. they don ' t they don ' t initiate conversation with each other so much you know? no no yeah funny isn ' t it? yeah cos i was watching they still have this very hierarchical family system yeah the the family next door there ' s a bangladeshi family next door and there ' s about ththree thousand of them who occasionally descend on and sometimes they like like they like last night they
1821. don ' t initiate conversation with each other so much you know? no no yeah funny isn ' t it? yeah cos i was watching they still have this very hierarchical family system yeah the the family next door there ' s a bangladeshi family next door and there ' s about ththree thousand of them who occasionally descend on and sometimes they like like they like last night they all rushed out of the
1822. so much you know? no no yeah funny isn ' t it? yeah cos i was watching they still have this very hierarchical family system yeah the the family next door there ' s a bangladeshi family next door and there ' s about ththree thousand of them who occasionally descend on and sometimes they like like they like last night they all rushed out of the house for some reason and there ' s
1826. ##e was diabetic she had injections every day oh was she diabetic? yep mm i used to hold her hand while grandad gave her the injection so there is diabetes in our family mm? i didn ' t reali i used to hold her hand while grandad yeah gave her the injection each day yeah of insulin don ' t frighten any more will you? but no no
1831. s dead he was like get out i might order chinese mm i think i think in the originals mm the three original vampires in it mm erm i think that ' s that ' s a right family they ' ve got they ' ve got some right dysfunctionals amongst them nobody else gook gook gook yeah they do it ' s true it ' s like a normal family there ' s something
1832. s a right family they ' ve got they ' ve got some right dysfunctionals amongst them nobody else gook gook gook yeah they do it ' s true it ' s like a normal family there ' s something funny in that sentence erm there were five five of them weren ' t there? originally? yeah but the brother was killed and the dad hello? what if i do want to
1838. than you actually sometimes it tickles but not very no not really it hasn ' t really my dad had hay fever or he said he did it doesn ' t really bother us m people in my family get it very badly but i think i ' ve um i sort of have it less a lot less it ' s a bit mellow for kerrang this is isn ' t it? i know i
1849. m not sure that alone explains it i think that there is something going on at a chemical level erm that is intergenerational and that is something genetic yeah so if you look at a family without much mental health much in the way of mental health problems then you ' d look at it and go well that ' s nurture mm you know that one guy who ' s got mental health issues
1850. it quite well from australia the the books and stuff are well written uh - uh so what were what were you living over there for? in australia? yep because of my parents are australian my whole family is australian oh right and i lived there till i was ten did you? mhm where you born in britain? no ah i was born in austral all my grandparents are english aha but all
1851. all over the country she ' s up in scotland and god knows where selling the stuff all the time sounds like fun well it ' s not fun but it ' s something my a lot of my family ' s into yeah? my uncle in australia and my cousin in america she had twenty - six stores at one point in america blimey mhm and where are you family from in australia cos
1852. a lot of my family ' s into yeah? my uncle in australia and my cousin in america she had twenty - six stores at one point in america blimey mhm and where are you family from in australia cos my our family live out there as well? kind of all over the place but the majority of them are in oh yeah? the majority of the family live in or off the
1854. and where are you family from in australia cos my our family live out there as well? kind of all over the place but the majority of them are in oh yeah? the majority of the family live in or off the coast on a couple of islands out there aha nice so we ' re from out that way but there ' s some one of my mum ' s brothers lives up in one
1864. ' s the other one called? er not what ' s it called? figure that out but i if it was it would be weird cos there ' s a and an in the in our family no what ' s it called? well i forget right now but it ' s it ' s it ' s stronger than was it ' s a very very strong dog it ' s a boy though '
1869. she always like she always lived in and around this area or come back here mm or come back to her parents cos not that we ' re not close not that we ' re not a close family but her and her mum are like they call each other every single day every single day all that ' s a bit overkill for me yeah it ' s overkill for us as well isn ' t
1870. yeah because she was really fantastic and erm i went up to the desk and i said to the woman i said she ' s in a lovely mood today she said there ' s someone in the family called said mm oh? i said no so she says well she all she does is talks about when ' s my when ' s my coming to see me? i said it ' s oh is that
1875. mm and sell your products through them or whatever yeah mm mm so the other day i was listening to a podcast where this guy was saying how erm he had asked a question about he had a family business he had been running it for they had been running it for many years they manufactured products and they sell them from a store erm and that amazon had directly contacted them and asked them do they want
1898. can ' t book you in but i ' m gonna book you in with yeah oh yeah yeah i ' ve heard about and has worked there for since she was probably and she ' s from a family of hairdressers did she tell you that? yeah she ' s yeah yes i know and she ' s really lovely and she ' s only young i think she lives with her dad oh okay
1900. okay and they were english yeah and that ' s in the end they got them because they got anthony blunt because they kept on cracking the code and they found out that it was this you know royal family friend yeah and that ' s when thatcher came down hard on him and he was saying oh look cos he ' d been he ' s gone away to to russia and he was exiled in russia and
1907. it was like in those days doesn ' t it? it does it does have you found anything particularly in the erm programme? one thing that i didn ' t realise was when the erm family were held captive and they were trying to escape that george the fifth said that they could actually get a pass to england but they were unable to do that because the girls had gotten measles and were
1908. ' t it? but i don ' t suppose anybody ever thought that it would come to that that all those people would be shot no i suppose it was quite unheard of really that the whole family would get killed i think in the end it shocked er george the fifth so i believe the reason he er decided to erm withdraw his offer was because er he was with that the er rising presence of
1909. reason he er decided to erm withdraw his offer was because er he was with that the er rising presence of erm the bolsheviks in erm england would have greater effect if the er russian royal family were in the uk mm cos they were actually family weren ' t they? they were mm having said that er the kaiser did not make an offer but obviously that would have been because er germany and
1911. the second place seemed to be more severe didn ' t it? it did yes mm it ' s a sad story though isn ' t it? it is i suppose they wanted to kill the whole family because they didn ' t want the monarchy to come back no so when we had the civil war in this country for instance charles the first was killed but his son later charles the second restored the monarchy and
1912. country for instance charles the first was killed but his son later charles the second restored the monarchy and came back mm so they might have tried to learn from history that they needed to eradicate the whole family yes but in some ways it ' s whilst that was a very horrific thing to occur i think russia at that time it was facing massive industrialisation mm but it wasn ' t really changing politically to er
1913. almost a feudal system yes it was in what would almost be considered almost victorian er period yes yes it was another thing is in that programme they were saying how isolated the princesses were around the whole family but i think if you look at any equivalent monarchy say in england the families would be very isolated they weren ' t going out to the shops or mixing with ordinary people no i think people in that position
1914. they turned to him i think possibly coincidentally the child had got better at one point and they er credited him with influencing that recovery mm but he just seemed to get a stronger and stronger hold on the family didn ' t he? he did really if they were seeking erm sort of medical expertise mm they ' d have been better off with er a group of erm physicians rather than er you know someone
1916. it would have been allowed really no in communist russia no but obviously it was i think they did their best to erm scupper any attempts to er find the er remains of the russian royal family oh yes by pouring acid and burying them under a railway line yes absolutely that sort of thing well they ' ve only just been discovered recently haven ' t they? yes and then that put paid to the
1917. yes and then that put paid to the myth that it was always said that anastasia had managed to escape yes and er but i think they had found all the remains hadn ' t they for the whole family? yes for somebody was pretending to be anastasia erm in america i think? and any question that she was asked about the royal family in russia she always knew the answer yeah and they was never quite
1918. had found all the remains hadn ' t they for the whole family? yes for somebody was pretending to be anastasia erm in america i think? and any question that she was asked about the royal family in russia she always knew the answer yeah and they was never quite sure whether it was her as she claimed or whether it was an imposter so it seems that she was an imposter but
1919. quite sure whether it was her as she claimed or whether it was an imposter so it seems that she was an imposter but how she knew so much about the er tsar ' s family i don ' t know whether she ' d just read a lot of history books i ' m not sure and that historian orlando baigs said why would they let one teenage girl run away? cos
1921. er you would have expected a shooter per person rather than one for all yes well that ' s what they did have wasn ' t it? mm they had one person to shoot each member of the family i think one reason for letting her go was because somebody didn ' t want be a murderer that would be one good reason wouldn ' t it? yeah because it would be a lot to have on your
1923. almost like oh we don ' t really play our board games well we play a family game once a year and we ' ll just play that yeah whereas do you play lots of board games in your family? oh i am the board game queen really? cos then ah it ' s i feel a bit sad actually because like my family on christmas like my dad and my two sisters kind of rely on
1933. you don ' t have to wear something borrowed do you? no er do you watch that gogglebox? i have watched it on the past it ' s quite funny yeah there ' s a family on it that own a store in market and it ' s really? yeah there ' s quite a few and families there are them that own the store there ' s someone in like or something in think
1934. it though i know she used to love the oth like used to be like they ' d put all these pictures of it on facebook but that ' s a classic case of a really really loved family pet dies so they buy a new dog and then they all just hate it cos it ' s this horrible mean dog that bites everyone is that alfie? alfie ' s the current dog alf
1938. ' s they were posted up there so i see so funny because really you know i was born in england i was born in dad was born in but he ' s really an irish has an irish family yes erm and was born in and mum obviously was born in wales so really the four of us kind of have a quite a celtic you know yes yes very much yes represent represent you know the celtic
1940. ##perger ' s scale yeah yeah okay you know but but i ' ve never met him but through all his letters er he he ' s quite outspoken and that but what is the connection of the family to the family? oh he ' d i think he ' s a sec a third cousin to me i ' ll tell you now right can i take that from you? yes and i ' ll i
1942. in in and i think granny ' s mum died there so that would be my grandmother i think even the great - aunt died there too oh really? so it ' s like four women in the family have actually fortuitously in a way yes yes been able to have that re that sort of you know dignity that ' s right and it ' s much much better yes yes oh much better and she
1943. ' s my dad ' s brother over there have a look i said the one with the heavy eyelids i said there ' s no hope for me i ' ve got it in my mother ' s family and my father ' s family and like ' s got it here they really come out so there ' s no hope oh no yeah ah yes yes so yeah so when did your dad die then how long
1945. really remember dates erm i ' m not very good at i can ' t remember no i ' m terrible with dates as well the different people and erm so you ' ve been researching this family sort of ancestry quite a bit then? yes yes yes really i was very interested in in when i was young because my grandmother this is my mother ' s family erm she she was different in wales
1946. so you ' ve been researching this family sort of ancestry quite a bit then? yes yes yes really i was very interested in in when i was young because my grandmother this is my mother ' s family erm she she was different in wales because she came from right i see yes and she used to tell me about when she lived in when she was a little girl oh wonderful and erm and then
1947. yeah so where did you grow up then which part of wales? erm or it ' s called but okay near and erm i i started because i really wanted to record my grandfather ' s family line erm and then maybe my and my nan ' s as well but in wales is a really really common name and my grandmother ' s maiden name was as well yeah oh and hard we went up
1948. lovely and he ' s so really you know such a researcher he ' s more into finding out about the ' s of today whereas i ' m trying to get all of us related to this one family yeah but erm it ' s a really interesting family so is some of your research dovetailed together? you know oh yes yes yes yeah that ' s great yeah so it ' s really fascinating
1949. researcher he ' s more into finding out about the ' s of today whereas i ' m trying to get all of us related to this one family yeah but erm it ' s a really interesting family so is some of your research dovetailed together? you know oh yes yes yes yeah that ' s great yeah so it ' s really fascinating it is mean forty i wouldn ' t yeah i you
1950. fascinating it is mean forty i wouldn ' t yeah i you know i do know it is quite a an unusual welsh name because from my welsh friends some of them found out that i was from my family is from well my mum is from wales mm that ' s not a very welsh name so no so and then that ' s when i realised that it isn ' t and then now you tell me there
1951. yes so was her mother already here then or they came together? no no i think it was really granny ' s decision with a lot of advice and persuasion from her first cousin who married into the family erm in so the ' s were the people who owned the book stores okay those yes yes yeah so her first cousin had got married and er and you know set up a life in and said you
1952. it ' s it ' s a world apart yes yeah but it ' s so interesting because of the name erm my cousin li or my cousins went to to live this is my mother ' s family yeah erm my mother ' s sister married a right a very common name in wales and erm he had a car accident and couldn ' t continue the job that he was doing he was a policeman
1953. i won ' t be a minute so if we let ' s have a look where we start ah yes this is erm the first one see this my cousin my mother ' s side of the family they lived went to to live mm mm whereas our family come from that end and i can ' t see on it but i ' ll show you so this is so that ' s the family coat of
1954. ' s have a look where we start ah yes this is erm the first one see this my cousin my mother ' s side of the family they lived went to to live mm mm whereas our family come from that end and i can ' t see on it but i ' ll show you so this is so that ' s the family coat of arms is it? that ' s right yes hope in
1955. the family they lived went to to live mm mm whereas our family come from that end and i can ' t see on it but i ' ll show you so this is so that ' s the family coat of arms is it? that ' s right yes hope in heaven feet on the ground oh i put that oh did you oh i put that in there was something else there but i liked mine better
1956. though they were sort of ones and they were definitely hers it was definitely her thing so yeah but you can see this is interesting because you can kind of see i think that because likes they like some family history cos he ' s put everybody ' s name on there almost yeah or all the details obe and bsc like you know he ' s actually really interested in and yes that ' s right yes you
1957. what they died of it ' s a bit like ' s stuff that he wants to know in a way mm yeah and how old they were we have long actually she was quite young but in our family we have long livers oh good yes so that ' s good to hear yes yeah and then that was yes so he and senility yeah i mean in some of them they they ' ll put er
1959. our great that ' s your great - grandfather mm they look quite well - to - do don ' t they? mm yes but really farming was the major you know that was the success of the family was through farming was it? yes farming the were farming farmers yes the can so yes all the way back they ' re all farmers they ' re all the way back is farming yes yes and e and
1964. my grandmother would never have known that no no no she would never have known that yeah but you just think it ' s very interesting where have they come from and the being a veterinary surgeon because the family is all erm farmers farmers yeah you ' d be the veterinary thing is quite yeah yeah yeah and this pleasant house with gardens and orchards yes it ' s nice see i we ' ve been through and
1968. okay and we ' d go down and we ' d eat and we ' d chat to the americans but they didn ' t try to sell their faith to you okay they were really just all about family history you know i found a one thing about the americans that they do like that their families they want them all to be royal come from royalty of course of course yeah you know they were royals but they
1971. lovely i ' ve got quite a few newspaper cuttings that i found online wonderful and they because they were all out congregation and church playing the piano and singing how nice all of the sisters a nice family idea isn ' t it? mm but but i i the one i ' ve got the best is from my mother ' s family erm is my grandmother ' s grandmother and when i was do finding
1972. playing the piano and singing how nice all of the sisters a nice family idea isn ' t it? mm but but i i the one i ' ve got the best is from my mother ' s family erm is my grandmother ' s grandmother and when i was do finding out her information i said to her i don ' t know i said i think she ' s a bigamist because she married
1973. you come across it the ac the one thing i have found is that generally the welsh people lived have lived straighter kind of lives they ' ve got married and all the rest of it my english family are not quite as good okay yeah i ' ve got to say you know they had erm but i think well that happens anyway doesn ' t it really? yeah yeah but some people are scandalised
1974. dad being you know basically irish irish yes you know erm though he doesn ' t sound at all irish and he was born in england he was born in no no no mm they all of his family in our background you know my ancestors would be irish on that side but erm yeah i ' ve always felt that about the welsh that there ' s something there ' s another an no an otherness
1975. the welsh that there ' s something there ' s another an no an otherness in me which i feel like the more i go there and the more i learn about yes the welsh side of the family yes there is a part of me there and i ' m not quite sure what it is yet but it ' s sort of maybe something more that you know to explore yes yes because when i grew up
1976. now that mum ' s passed on and gran ' s passed on and really i ' ve met you which is really fortuitous yes yes yes you know cos this is a link to the family that ' s right i ' m your aunty really that ' s right you are you know and it ' s wonderful to have that it really is yes yes yes and to actually have somebody who has
1977. we ' re welsh yes yes yeah erm so it it is a heritage and it ' s it ' s lovely and we do come from a really lov i think they ' re a nice family the ' s and the ' s yeah yeah yeah oh well i ' m lucky in that respect then erm my feeling yes yes because it ' s funny because all that i ' d heard really from
1978. of horses so yeah yeah she loved these horses they yes yes she loved them yes yeah erm and i don ' t think it was because she married thinking that she ' d marry into a wealthy family no no cos i think she actually came from quite a well - to - do family herself yes yes yes yes yeah i wouldn ' t say they were wealthy but they were com very very comfortable yeah
1979. ##m and i don ' t think it was because she married thinking that she ' d marry into a wealthy family no no cos i think she actually came from quite a well - to - do family herself yes yes yes yes yeah i wouldn ' t say they were wealthy but they were com very very comfortable yeah comfortable farmers they were well off and especially as i say after the during the war i think
1980. m like this or i wonder why i ' m interested in that or oh yes yes you know i wonder where that came from and you know some people would say yes it can be something in the family that sort of you know encouraged well it is yes yes more than something else you know but no there are some things that are genetic really that have come through yes yes mm yes yes so well it '
1984. so it ' d be like a london accent so agin agin agin yeah yeah yeah yeah that ' s a dialect we don ' t have a it ' s just an in swimming my family name at school oi oh this is good yeah are you enjoying it? mm how ' s your jalfrezi dad? good? yeah nice is it alright to steal the chips? yeah help
1993. of the symbol the symbolic yeah yeah oh oh oh so where do you want to get married? have you have you actually started? in in hereford oh right this is the other thing though because my family are catholic and i really wanna get married in a catholic church but he just refuses really? he doesn ' t want to and i just think if i do want to get married soon i ' m probably
1994. well she ' s got so many shelves i know it ' d be rude not to have you seen? her room ' s just walled with shelving oh really? do you think? originally her family lived in this house didn ' t they? i dunno it was a guy well is you know he ' s still the landlord oh okay but i don ' t know if he lived here alone or
1997. erm and her husband was in the navy er and and i grew have grown up with and like they ' re my well sister and brother yeah you know so we ' re all one big happy family really and then when my mother died erm applied for legal guardianship ah and i just stayed where i was and it just went on from there and that and she raised you? well from the age
2010. ##s lots of money through them don ' t he? but they pay yeah but they pay for the programme don ' t they that ' s the thing yeah yeah but i thought that the erm family that that played the violins yeah classical i think they were really good but people don ' t like that so yeah you didn ' t vote for them so you can ' t say that ' s good yeah
2012. oh those erm there was those twelve singers the other night they were quite good what the blokes? yeah yeah and last night there was that family of singers did they get through? that family did they get through? the neales yeah yeah they got through yeah you liked them didn ' t you dad? i did like them yeah i didn ' t like i liked them too didn ' t
2021. what a big draw mm mm er er it is for tourists i ' m not sure if they still really think erm you know that they have er a i mean like w ourselves and the royal family erm is is a is is probably a a much closer feeling than a chin a normal an average chinese person to their emperors the emperors were you know a kinda long gone mm erm type of thing
2025. er it ' s it it er we you can ' t always you always don ' t know what the full truth is mm but what they say is that most of the f yeah most of the family or all the family still exist in some shape or form but mo a lot of them have become artists oh right and erm on board our our our our cruise ship there was a erm a cha
2026. it it er we you can ' t always you always don ' t know what the full truth is mm but what they say is that most of the f yeah most of the family or all the family still exist in some shape or form but mo a lot of them have become artists oh right and erm on board our our our our cruise ship there was a erm a chap who erm
2027. artists oh right and erm on board our our our our cruise ship there was a erm a chap who erm purportedly was related to er the the erm the emperor ' s family mm er and now he ' s a i an artist sort of selling his right wares etcetera but he he was quite a good artist actually erm but clearly that was much more acceptable than
2030. always wonder where where i get cos i ' m a bit gingery like at my roots yeah? i wonder where i get that from cos my dad and all of my dad ' s family like dark hair my mum and all of her family dark there ' s no one in my family with ginger hair that i know of well just like get the get the detectives who found out about about the
2031. m a bit gingery like at my roots yeah? i wonder where i get that from cos my dad and all of my dad ' s family like dark hair my mum and all of her family dark there ' s no one in my family with ginger hair that i know of well just like get the get the detectives who found out about about the yeah man about the jamaican affair but i mean i
2032. yeah? i wonder where i get that from cos my dad and all of my dad ' s family like dark hair my mum and all of her family dark there ' s no one in my family with ginger hair that i know of well just like get the get the detectives who found out about about the yeah man about the jamaican affair but i mean i ' m obviously my ddad ' s daughter
2037. ' s more just that if he ' s not particularly well himself erm yeah then we might be able to get somebody in to er yes help him out it ' s the one member of that family family is still working i think my mam really can ' t er can ' t do it when is she planning on retiring? well she was planning on retiring the minute she hits sixty and but there
2038. s more just that if he ' s not particularly well himself erm yeah then we might be able to get somebody in to er yes help him out it ' s the one member of that family family is still working i think my mam really can ' t er can ' t do it when is she planning on retiring? well she was planning on retiring the minute she hits sixty and but there '
2045. how i you know i ju i wouldn ' t admit that my friends vote ukip not that i have any but i wouldn ' t sort of admit it er to a group of people yeah my family all voted for the tories yeah yeah which really shocked and surprised me my two of my closest friends say we separately were economic tories what? they ' re like we ' re left no but but
2051. ' s it ' s like once you start to put it together and you actually i mean there ' s like percentages and stuff but until yeah you start to see like the mod owns this this family of aristocrats own this like like ex mps someone should do that grandad owns it there ' s there ' s this guy kevin cahill who wrote this amazing book called who owns britain? oh
2055. now ' s only got hasn ' t she? one yeah well but won ' t go and see him won ' t come and see him this is what annoys me about you know? our family is just horrible people mm well they aren ' t i dunno they ' re not horrible they just don ' t like about and and just don ' t get me wrong i don ' t see my
2065. i ' m not quite sure background i get a vibe from him that his dad ' s quite important like he is like mid forties but i think he comes from quite a yeah well yeah important family from nigeria or wherever so lived in london for like you know the last twenty twenty years or whatever speaks with a very precise articulated but then he ' s got one west african very interesting voice yeah yeah some
2066. ' s about space it ' s space yeah that ' s what it comes down to and but then ask them how much they earn like their earnings are equitable if not slightly more than what my family are on in england you know what i mean? my dad has been a civil engineer for years he ' s probably on about twenty - two k my mother works for the government works in the borough she
2070. i needed a print run of eighty mm instead of the usual hundred hundred and twenty mm so and tell me now er you ' re you ' re you ' re you ' ve said something about your family history you ' ve made some progress oh oh no you ' re you ' re talking about tomorrow oh yes of course i ' ve got this it meeting tomorrow and i can ' t remember if it '
2071. think she knew particularly well no but just she ' d met him or you think she might liked to have come out in solidarity with sort of thing? well only that she has been involved in the family for fifty or more years oh yes that ' s true isn ' t it? indirectly via as well yeah it ' s via yeah yeah so yeah i don ' t know when somebody in the family dies
2072. family for fifty or more years oh yes that ' s true isn ' t it? indirectly via as well yeah it ' s via yeah yeah so yeah i don ' t know when somebody in the family dies yeah do you go? i don ' t know if you ' re a longstanding family friend i think typically you do yeah but you would if it was in would you necessarily if it was local
2077. yeah janae no janae was the was the daughter boyd ' s girlfriend yeah or and the mum jeanette or what is that word? jenelle jenelle oh oh they were an awful awful family and bree bree would be like the daughter who wasn ' t really their daughter was she? cos they got she ' s was their blind daughter yeah they got swapped at birth or something didn ' t
2083. yeah yeah so eh but no i ' d much prefer here rather than yeah and then go travelling there if you wanted to exactly yeah i mean yeah in september i might actually have a member of the family in the same country as me oh yeah cos my mum ' s pla well she ' s not she ' s not certain yet but we think my mum going to come back oh brilliant and live
2084. s not many countries he ' s not been to yeah if they ' ve got oil he ' s been there yeah that ' s amazing so yeah it ' s eh it ' s a very international family yeah and have they they chose to go to those countries or is it part of their job that they do that? em well yeah they ' ve chose well my brother it ' s kinda it ' s
2089. top hat and a monocle and a top hat and and the top hat says mr peanut right and he ' s holding a cane the original mr peanut left italy in the late nineteenth century with his family ' s peanut recipe and sold his peanuts on street corners in pennsylvania well there you go mm wonder if he was pittsburgh or or uh what ' s that other place in pennsylvania? don ' t know you
2090. ##o if bogart might ' ve been on it i ' m not sure um but yeah she was considered a dangerous communist threat d ' you think she was though? um she was from a wealthy family so that doesn ' t mean anything probably unlikely that she would want to take money from wealthy families since she herself was from a wealthy family um yeah i think they went a little bit over the top with
2091. you think she was though? um she was from a wealthy family so that doesn ' t mean anything probably unlikely that she would want to take money from wealthy families since she herself was from a wealthy family um yeah i think they went a little bit over the top with the mccarthyism maybe but of course that was the height of the you know cold war so yeah obviously america was kind of scared that uh
2096. so and have you ever traced your ancestry? no i haven ' t actually no? no i ' ve i ' ve been quite satisfied i suppose with the fact that um er my dad ' s family are all from uh - huh my mum ' s family were from mhm and er although i know as far as my great grandfather our gr grandparents should i say i ' ve never got any further and
2097. haven ' t actually no? no i ' ve i ' ve been quite satisfied i suppose with the fact that um er my dad ' s family are all from uh - huh my mum ' s family were from mhm and er although i know as far as my great grandfather our gr grandparents should i say i ' ve never got any further and i think it might be something to do in the future
2098. ever done it? no oh okay me personally no but no? there were a t there was a time when mum and dad were did they? looking into i think my grandma ' s aha family on my dad ' s side oh right and they travelled up to oh did they? to look at some registry or oh okay i can ' t remember what it was but oh no they found out some
2099. you know you look at old photographs don ' t you and you sort of think well who is that? and yeah definitely how are they related? and what you know how do they fit into the family? and i think it it ' d be quite nice to know wouldn ' t it really so definitely and mum ' s got yeah a family bible that ' s been handed down tut oh tut
2100. ? and what you know how do they fit into the family? and i think it it ' d be quite nice to know wouldn ' t it really so definitely and mum ' s got yeah a family bible that ' s been handed down tut oh tut from generation to generation yeah and i think it was her great great great grandmother oh gosh who started the tradition of actually writing in oh really
2101. tut from generation to generation yeah and i think it was her great great great grandmother oh gosh who started the tradition of actually writing in oh really? the names of all the children in the family and then ah that was passed down to the next generation who then they wrote in the names of how nice so yes oh that ' s lovely yeah isn ' t it isn ' t it such a little
2102. the area yeah i ' d prefer to stay commutable distance yes or not to live here and to no commute but to be able to reach the midlands easily that ' s right yeah um family connections yeah yeah it ' s quite nice isn ' t it really definitely yeah but london doesn ' t really appeal appeal no mm mm so i c i ' m trying to avoid london - based yeah jobs
2105. ' re disgusting get it yeah erm but for a for all of their disgustingness and kind of l it ' s almost like a lack of manners mm yeah erm they have some really good family values and mm the mother always yeah puts a lot of emphasis on them being together as a family and yeah the mother is only something horrendous like thirty - four she doesn ' t look old
2109. s erm he ' s only fifty - five don ' t call him grandad cos he ' s too young cos okay i ' m gonna give you a very brief overview of my family so i have my real dad i have my dad that ' s on my birth certificate which is my sister ' s dad and then i have my stepdad who i call dad three dads three dad
2110. if ever there ' s an offer on it ' s not the the supermarket that takes the hit of the price mm it ' s the the farmers the producers yeah well that ' s why in my family there used to be about eight farms and now we ha we the last one was sold about last year and it ' s because of supermarkets because they were all smallholdings they weren ' t large farms
2113. re going through the rockefeller memoirs averell harriman ' s memoirs erm er autobiography erm there are some really scary things going on now mm mm mm really scary mm things the dutch royal family is involved mm erm and then you get er the secret societies the bilderberg group and i mean i don ' t place a lot of mm credit in that crap but er you know there are
2120. would rather go before because carnival ' s after results day and i have oh i can ' t miss carnival for okay yeah anything listen i cannot miss carnival we were we were talking about carnival in my family they cos they saw it on tv or something cos carncarnival is from like the caribbean isn ' t it? yeah it ' s a erm i think it ' s er
2123. skype if only i could give everything up to come to london with you and i was like mm that ' s a promising sign and i was like yeah that would be lovely can he make the family business go bust? oh nightmare he could extend it it could be international it could be the same company but in london i mean how long is it to get there from here what ' s the flight?
2125. to uni and he ' s been working since he was eighteen so he ' s not in debt never had all of that he ' s been working but i mean he comes from a very wealthy family and i ' m guessing he helped him buy maybe i ' m not really sure big mortgage though very big mortgage yeah i ' ve been looking at houses cos i have a lot of time at work
2132. well yeah i do now i suppose but people like do you and ever say that cos no me and ' s from actual so ' s got a much oh right stronger accent than me my whole family live in they ' re yeah they ' re renowned for a strong accent like really? the yorkshire accent really er and they moved about five years ago they don ' t sound like so you ' d be
2133. it like the stuff they were coming out with like she loves debenhams and well who doesn ' t? erm like she ' s always going there and it were a member of her family and she knew exactly who it wa what member of family it was and like you know she ' s telling you you ' re spending too much of your money like in debenhams like that and
2134. loves debenhams and well who doesn ' t? erm like she ' s always going there and it were a member of her family and she knew exactly who it wa what member of family it was and like you know she ' s telling you you ' re spending too much of your money like in debenhams like that and she were like describing how my mum drives and the car
2135. the fuck would you know that like yeah it just surreal isn ' t it yeah it ' s crazy so it ' s really funny cos erm there ' s quite a few members of my family going and we all wanna hear from my great grandma like she was the last like last person in the family that ' s died and that were only like was it last last year and so like she were
2136. it ' s really funny cos erm there ' s quite a few members of my family going and we all wanna hear from my great grandma like she was the last like last person in the family that ' s died and that were only like was it last last year and so like she were just it would be alright so like maybe she can just pop around like like time they all come in and
2137. going to live in a city it was a great place to live i mean i ' m not like you i ' m not into cities but mm and they so often had people visiting cos his family comes from schleswig - holstein way up in the north and his brother actually worked in the czech republic so okay so they started renting the flat on the second floor which was a bit smaller oh but in
2139. of it all the time don ' t you? mm i know loads of people mm that have been misdiagnosed and yeah yeah things have been missed loads of people just people in my own family they ' re too busy thinking about their money and not about my uncle i i think i mean i don ' t know whether i mean it might not be that all the time with them but i think
2140. ' s got her her own recliner also by why? well the books i don ' t know i don ' t have that are you sure she ' s not rich? erm well their family ' s she ' s not rich very rich but they just spend all the money on chocolate do they? yeah and a recliner? mm well actually they ' re not that rich ah so i have
2143. bushes they have little dens yeah but why have i never come across one? cos they ' re s my very crafty are foxes in my grandma ' s house she er had a whole family of foxes that lived in her garden yeah we used to have foxes in our old garden in erm but did you know they actually slept yeah underneath the shed ah she like it was so cute they used
2150. way it ' s all and it ' s very pardon? yes the children ' s home i find it really strange yes at least on he ' s got all the erm this side of the family you weren ' t there mum worked there dad went there mm that ' s where i met your mum all those years ago yeah i said that i only know these people because of that home without that home
2152. ll be in a good enough job and we ' ll be qualified enough to be able to give a child a good life but she may have hit the the menopause by then cos her family hit it quite young it ' s not her mum hit it at forty it ' s not impossible so we ' ve talked about erm adopting honestly adopting we thought if we if er between here and then
2154. ##m but our grammar is still more germanic yeah we are of the proto indo european age it ' s very strange to think that our language is directly connected to india we ' re of the same language family yes which i find very strange you have er a bungalow er keep these are these are erm indian words mm you know in our language yeah it ' s quite good erm you a lot of people
2155. keep these are these are erm indian words mm you know in our language yeah it ' s quite good erm you a lot of people that ' s not because it ' s of the same family though no that ' s cos we ' ve colonised er yeah yeah people when they say the houses of parliament don ' t realise that parler is the french word for to speak for speak it
2156. is is a fairly private guy wasn ' t it? yeah he was always private yeah you can respect that so he ' d jar people yes probably he probably struggled it ' s so difficulty within our family because we ' re not a private family no no i mean ' s completely disappeared of the radar the only people that have seen him would be his yeah in our house in our house now as well basically
2157. t it? yeah he was always private yeah you can respect that so he ' d jar people yes probably he probably struggled it ' s so difficulty within our family because we ' re not a private family no no i mean ' s completely disappeared of the radar the only people that have seen him would be his yeah in our house in our house now as well basically all the men yeah just disappeared you '
2158. s completely disappeared of the radar the only people that have seen him would be his yeah in our house in our house now as well basically all the men yeah just disappeared you ' ve disappeared from my family very much yeah mm as i said the cousins still ask after you i sh thinks when when draw drew his side on which side he was gonna fall he towed the line on that and said you ' re
2160. going for elitist my speech is better than hers it really jarred when we were first together every time she said something wrong it was oh mm she occasionally used like but it ' s from her family yes her parents aren ' t it ' s a colloquial colloquial erm her parents aren ' t particularly well educated so no it ' s kind of past don ' t worry
2161. i think you stand a good chance of doing it because you enjoy it yeah basically well that ' s you ' re halfway there erm you ' re going to be the most erm in our family line i haven ' t done my family tree yet but i and this is just a presumption but you ' re probably going to be the most educated and the most travelled but none of our in
2162. doing it because you enjoy it yeah basically well that ' s you ' re halfway there erm you ' re going to be the most erm in our family line i haven ' t done my family tree yet but i and this is just a presumption but you ' re probably going to be the most educated and the most travelled but none of our in our our ancestors my side or your mother
2163. countries perhaps if i get my masters and potentially a phd most educated yes well you ' re the most educated now that ' s you ' re the only one with a degree is there nobody in our family that ' s got a degree? nobody? no? no er i my my there ' s no in ' s family either my hi my highest accolade is erm i ' ve got i
2164. s you ' re the only one with a degree is there nobody in our family that ' s got a degree? nobody? no? no er i my my there ' s no in ' s family either my hi my highest accolade is erm i ' ve got i have a level equivalents is this gonna be nice? go on have a go go and taste it no i have a
2165. bebehind his his up here and yeah and on my head too yeah on the top of his ear like this yeah we ' ve had this discussion before your mum ' s got the whole family ' s got one here it ' s like a divorce bump yes your mum ' s got one yes yes or something i don ' t know what it is er i don ' t know if your mum
2166. up as a gir when dresses him u him up as a woman? yes it ' s not cute it ' s just stupid it ' s cute tut oh and his dad has abandoned the family mm and he doesn ' t have anybody else his brother ' s mean and his sister ' s too little so he has only got et steven spielberg didn ' t have any of those things tut when
2172. nazi wasn ' t she? or something they ' re all quite famous like i think all there was erm two or three and they ' re like quite well bred kind of post world war two family mm and one of them was an author one of em i think was very high up with hitler like a british girl who ran off to germany to join the nazis and the other one ' s did various
2183. me know and i ' ll give you directions to where you can it ' s like erm it ' s actually in where george best the footballer lived there for a time mm and i think his family still do but anyway it ' s a place where the boats come in and it ' s a factory where they then sort of skin all of the fish and chop all the bits out and package them up
2190. s the one where i ' d seen it before but years years ago i hadn ' t seen it for years and years um he goes back to his family and the grown - up daughter of the family it ' s his niece works out that he ' s a murderer oo um and i can ' t think what it ' s called and i was watching it but i i kept dozing off to
2205. yeah er it sort of grew from kindergarten mm to primary mm mm mm er and they were housed in that rather nice stone building that is now today oh right okay cos it ' s the same family oh is it? mm oh and er and they were housed there while they were building this new school mm on family land mm mm erm and of course as soon as this building was done they moved
2213. children would be like you know a few days old and then there ' d be another one that ' d be about eighteen months and one would be three and five yeah it ' s like the whole family yeah yeah and yeah and all the children at least were all wiped out within yeah er you know a month two months of each other mm must be horrendous cos i just thought it was
2214. ##gies yeah but it ' s not just gluten or wheat or nuts it ' s erm she can ' t eat anything from the oh i can ' t remember what it ' s called family of vegetables that includes broccoli cabbage sprouts there ' s quite a few in there erm yeast mm which is in so many more things than you think it ' s gonna be in oh
2219. they start charging you? no i ' m not getting worried here no you ' re technically not earning enough to be charged for anything so they suddenly said oh look at that yeah well technically as a family we ' re earning enough but i don ' t i don ' t know but they she she will run out of money they think do we s? does before she dies does a? does anyone know
2223. gets her money back she who does? down the road oh does she? claims gets the money back for her boys going to college how? well is that just because they ' re a low income family? well i don ' t know are they? he ' s on a fairly good pension i believe so i don ' t know if they are did they used to get free dinners? no? not
2226. i think it was no just gonna be a you know an issue of shares right for him yeah er i i don ' t really know i mean it ' s not happened yet but so are the family thinking of selling then? when you say floating are the family thinking of selling? no i don ' t think they ' re selling i think it ' s just a way of of raising some extra money
2227. issue of shares right for him yeah er i i don ' t really know i mean it ' s not happened yet but so are the family thinking of selling then? when you say floating are the family thinking of selling? no i don ' t think they ' re selling i think it ' s just a way of of raising some extra money to do some more erm renovation works i think mm i
2229. but they ' re not his descendants are they? no but they would have been an an heir wouldn ' t they? well family get heir hunters on to it mm yeah find the hunt find the family that ' s good that is yeah you watch heir hunters? ah it ' s a good programme it ' s very exciting when they ' re after something how how can you be watching heir hunters? i
2230. and when i went back to work god mm daytime telly is rubbish crap it is you have to really eek out and find something don ' t you? you do yeah yeah the long lost family has went from daytime to er they ' re all ex - coppers as well you i don ' t know if you ' ve noticed yeah they are all yeah all the heir hunters mm mm they '
2234. yeah you still get the big bump to show for it mm yeah but it ' s not the same is it cos no you heal quicker mm yeah we ' ve got a new addition in the family erm ben and hannah have got a baby and he ' s been publishing stuff on facebook for months oh even before the birth now after the birth even her mother who ' s not allowed into the house
2236. goes back into you know years bc yeah so it ' s it ' s not what allah put there it ' s a man - made box if you like yeah now erm muhammad came from a family er from the quraysh clan who actually administered this this shrine and obviously they were taking taxes from all the caravans going up and down and they had these thousand gods including allat allat is
2238. disliked everybody else and one by one actually muhammad died of probably malaria but erm certainly hassan was first killed ali was i think he was killed as well and the last member of the prophet ' s family was hussein the grandson and he the grandson of the prophet and he was killed in six eighty in karbala which is why it ' s you you may of heard of that during the iraq war it
2247. the two living room chairs and put a sheet over them and like oh yeah s u maybe once or something but uh no never really had uh playful people who would make dens uh like in my family you know like we had one of those um what was it called? uh a dryer you know those airing rack things? we had one of those that had like three pieces and used to like put
2252. it sounds totally different convincingly god yeah i haven ' t can i see that? i read a number of i used to love his brother cos his brother was a natural history writer his the family the durrell family moved to corfu when oh really? when gerald durrell was a kid and he was just amazing that this english family and he wrote a lovely book called my family and other
2253. convincingly god yeah i haven ' t can i see that? i read a number of i used to love his brother cos his brother was a natural history writer his the family the durrell family moved to corfu when oh really? when gerald durrell was a kid and he was just amazing that this english family and he wrote a lovely book called my family and other animals about being transplant
2254. ##s his brother was a natural history writer his the family the durrell family moved to corfu when oh really? when gerald durrell was a kid and he was just amazing that this english family and he wrote a lovely book called my family and other animals about being transplanted out of grey old england to corfu at the age of nine yeah it ' s worth reading the tretraudy
2261. don ' t everyone ' s like oh i hate them i ' m like i don ' t hate them nothing wrong with them no done nothing wrong they ' re successful they ' re like the royal family except they ' ve done it all themselves they really are aren ' t they? they are better than the royal family and that yeah cos they ' ve done it all themselves in so many respects they
2262. with them no done nothing wrong they ' re successful they ' re like the royal family except they ' ve done it all themselves they really are aren ' t they? they are better than the royal family and that yeah cos they ' ve done it all themselves in so many respects they ' re business people like they ' ve yeah yeah they ' re not just born into wealth you know? exactly well
2264. it ' s so depressing it is er the most i ' ve ever won is like twenty quid and i think that was on a scratch card anyway so somebody i know in my school their family they they lived on like erm a council estate and they won a few million pounds they now live in quite a wealthy area of the town so it ' s completely changed that ' s amazing for them
2265. and you repeat it all your life you do yeah and then you find out that and er yeah it wasn ' t really it wasn ' t right yeah i was convinced florence nightingale was part of our family and i told everyone you know school and and she wasn ' t? apparently not i don ' t know where i got it from no well she could ' ve been er she could ' ve been but
2266. everyone you know school and and she wasn ' t? apparently not i don ' t know where i got it from no well she could ' ve been er she could ' ve been but was your family called nightingale? well i ' m only taking their word for it that she wasn ' t now yeah course you are mm mm well you ' d have to you ' d have to look it up go
2267. far and then say that ' ll cost you extra if you want to go to there oh right yeah yeah yeah there ' s one yeah there ' s several sites i know yeah but i mean my family history ' s all been worked or my father ' s family history was all worked out by someone else anyway was it? oh that was alright yeah and i think you ' ll find that as well yeah
2268. want to go to there oh right yeah yeah yeah there ' s one yeah there ' s several sites i know yeah but i mean my family history ' s all been worked or my father ' s family history was all worked out by someone else anyway was it? oh that was alright yeah and i think you ' ll find that as well yeah our family my the more more yeah well if you look into
2269. s all been worked or my father ' s family history was all worked out by someone else anyway was it? oh that was alright yeah and i think you ' ll find that as well yeah our family my the more more yeah well if you look into it you sort of contact someone with the same name mm and they say oh well we ' ve already done all this you know yeah we ' ll send
2270. and then make make your own copy well he ' s very keen isn ' t he? yeah he ' s very keen all the time you know he brings something well he went back to this big family wwho were they called the the? oh the s were on television the other family and they were on television being the biggest builders in the country at the time oh right er they are the longest
2271. yeah he ' s very keen all the time you know he brings something well he went back to this big family wwho were they called the the? oh the s were on television the other family and they were on television being the biggest builders in the country at the time oh right er they are the longest running the they ' re still going mm yeah and yeah they are still going yeah from great
2279. it was just standing there yeah at the end of the drive standing there what ' s the other ghost you ' ve seen? mm just standing just someone with a hood well we used to have the family used to have a holiday home up in the yorkshire dales which is very remote and it was up the side of a massive mountain and there used to be an old monastery so a monastery where lots of
2293. there yeah i know it ' s either you or i just said i ' m not intentionally blaming him but i think it was him poor yeah we ' ll have to have another whole fwhole family photo now ' s on the scene well mm well as i said said to you the other day that ' s probably the last time that we might get everybody together mm oh just simply circumstance you know we
2294. and fall out with but then sucks up to and will will s take his dad ' s side well lets him whisper to her and then she says something so if it was if it was in this family yeah i ' d leave you for a week and let you sssulk for a week and then it would be no because if like er it ' s had genuinely done something wrong mm i think i
2295. ' m not i ' m not having that cos my dad ' s cooked it you can but then understand why he ' ' d blow so he can just serve it to the rest of the family it doesn ' t matter mm mm because the rest of the family will eat it and enjoy it then he goes without don ' t he? he goes without christmas dinner yeah well i i the same yeah
2297. hungry later on and he goes without christmas dinner yeah mm he misses out on it if he won ' t eat it oh yeah it ' s a it ' s such a sad thing for the whole family though isn ' t it? yeah feel a bit sorry for and mm i do feel and i know you know we ' ve not always seen eye to eye but at the moment i feel heart sorry and
2298. of it yeah but they used to be er pretty close didn ' t they? yeah so it ' s double trouble really on christmas dday mm mm we just never have any decent rows in this family do we? you know they have these i think we should have one now let ' s start one off come on let ' s start one while it ' s recording as well mm? good let '
2302. where? west oh do you wanna speak clearly please? i am speaking clearly oh okay so have you got er brothers and sisters? yep two brothers two sisters um oo that ' s a big family are you the oldest? yeah oh are you the oldest? ah yeah i ' m the oldest yeah are you on facebook? yes you ' re such a flirt i ' m not i ' m just
2303. my do you have a screen at your house? a big screen? no we don ' t have a big screen we don ' t like showing off that much it ' s just me in my family i ' m the awkward one yeah i kind of er i kind of grasped that one yeah i kind of i kind of grasped that that you were yeah yeah i kind of grasped that so er i '
2323. s a totalitarian is sort of yeah er however you wanna call it yeah er but i suppose it ' s about you know perhaps it ' s about land perhaps it ' s about you know the family farm going down through the generations or something mm i think er er er er i think it ' s a erm an intellectual approach i would say rather crudely that all french people suffer from the pr
2326. ##s partly it ' s just breeding isn ' t i mean do they not have to say on the packet? if you ' ve got a bitter batch of if you get potatoes um and that particular family of potatoes that you ' re growing uh did have a lot of this bitter pigmentation or something then you could uh obviously just not um you know not not reuse that uh configuration you know yeah yeah
2327. were told when was about oh right yeah yeah doesn ' t like being reminded about that cos she apparently she was the boss over there yeah that ' s funny there ' s always someone in the family who ' s the boss i suppose yeah yes it ' s interesting it ' s not the oldest but i suppose it ' s cos there was a gap of five years oh yes i suppose that made
2328. board and they all go ah oh no yeah it ' s number sixteen now i used to always tell that did you used to tell that joke? cos i used to have seven people in my family on the board and then you ' d go what do you think number seven is what ' s the question? and they ' d go ah i don ' t know no i alw er it might
2330. was a teacher he was born and brought up in the south of england he was a teacher of biology at school right and his interests were apart from biology photography and so i was brought up in a family where my mother was a botanist where we would go for nature walks a lot and er dad would have his camera and bit by bit things brushed off on me first of all learning to see things that other
2331. good idea that it would be there cos he ' d seen it there before and so on and so forth and it was experiences like that that helped me use my eyes and of course in that family er background erm my love of nature grew erm he taught me at school er biology at o level and at a level and because of that i had to work hard to make sure i yes and
2332. time etcetera right etcetera etcetera and putting the two together i think it ' s actually a bit close but erm er it tells the story yes of that period of our family history well to us knowing that that ' s very interesting yeah but to other people it ' s you either like it or you don ' t well type of thing i think it ' s wonderful i '
2333. t know barack obama hostage though mm what would happen? fuck knows or you know someone significant like can you imagine? mm like say it wasn ' t like just a journalist if they took the royal family hostage yeah i mean there ' d be a huge uproar about that there ' s no way though they could like dominate the whole country like drop bombs everywhere what in the uk? mm well i
2334. ? no she ' s like middle cla sort of like you know wealthier whereas rose tyler was like oh london oh yeah rose tyler was the best and donna noble was from like a poorish family in london mm and they ' ve kind of just gradually got more like oh non real yeah you know? i liked martha jones as well who was she? she was she erm she was a doctor
2335. well i doubt it where they ' re living doubt it because her teeth are lovely mm they were doing alright yeah but a lot of it is to do with genetics of the teeth yeah i mean your family ' s they ' ve all got bad teeth thanks mm no but it ' s true though mm i remember like a girl we worked with in and then we met her again in erm erm in
2341. in more of the mechanical well well yes sort of engineering type mind yeah no he ' s not an academic no he ' s not academic and cos he always c says all the rest of the family a people are academic except me he says he says yeah yeah yes yes that ' s probably true yeah well i don ' t no don ' t think that ' s quite true and aren ' t academic
2342. s why he did it well in it would be anyhow i suppose yeah yes and in the middle east yeah incredibly boring it ' s all contracts isn ' t it? well we i mean my family have acted for a number of solicitors yes but some of them really i mean they were they were hopeless as solicitors really? some ssome of em were very good yes but one or two were
2351. ##s we ' ve got this got this service agreement with the jordanians like yeah so that guy was probably taught by us to fly and he ' ll he ' ll come from a really wealthy jordanian family yeah you ' re going back there to do the same job as you ' re doing at at that you ' re doing at though aren ' t you? more or less yeah so that ' ll be
2353. it was terrible and so her parents kicked off but like you know her parents keep shipping her off to like various family members for like weeks at a time and it ' s just they clearly as a family just don ' t know how to can ' t cope deal with it yeah must be a nightmare it ' s really strange like she ' s as far as she can tell she ' s in her final
2354. seven years after the last one out pops another girl yeah and there ' s like literally like two weeks like if that really? beginning of november yeah it ' s weird a lot of boys in my family there ' s two boys in every generation they ' re just all two boys is the last yeah is the last of the s mm mm boys go forth and multiply multiply yeah yeah i think i
2362. as oh yeah i ' m trying to find it can ' t find it now says it chervil was a favourite of the romans its use dates back in kitchens to the fifteenth century fami same family as parsley you like parsley don ' t you? oh i like parsley i think it ' s a lovely little lovely one to yeah mm yes i never turn parsley away yeah very english
2363. to import yeah all our sugar and it was all sugar cane which only grows in places like jamaica and very tropical countries yeah yeah so they invented sugar beet by breeding you know basically the swede family together which contains a lot of sugar and they came up with this plant and it ' s all patented you can ' t really? buy sugar beet unless you ' re a sugar beet farmer oh
2365. don ' t i do remember that though no it ' s funny yeah yeah i know yeah that ' s funny cos my first boyfriend was also a head boy yes oh obviously it runs in the family then yes yeah i ' ll have to remind mum runs in the family yes yeah he was the head boy at dad ' s school at which school? really? oh was he? over there? yeah
2366. yeah i know yeah that ' s funny cos my first boyfriend was also a head boy yes oh obviously it runs in the family then yes yeah i ' ll have to remind mum runs in the family yes yeah he was the head boy at dad ' s school at which school? really? oh was he? over there? yeah they didn ' t get on oh must ' ve been difficult having your
2367. lucky good with foods yes won ' t be hungry well yes i ' m always hungry most times you are aren ' t you dad? my my word yes you have a good appetite runs in the family yeah i do right they all got it from you mum has a good appetite doesn ' t she? and your dad does oh my dad oh dear yeah he s doesn ' t stop eating does he when
2368. i like tomatoes you don ' t have tomatoes do you? no that ' s what i thought doesn ' t like tomatoes no mum doesn ' t really like tomatoes either oh it ' s in the family i certainly i like tomatoes yeah yeah you always have s them in don ' t you? we used to grow lots of course hadn ' t we in lodge all down the wall there i had a fruit
2371. be polite but i don ' t like it yeah ah i thought that was a great yeah yeah o cos it ' s actually quite an english thing broccoli the same cabcabbage family isn ' t it? i ' m not oh yeah yeah they serve it a lot in restaurants yes yeah but obviously not where he was from no that was funny are you a broccoli eater?
2384. it ' s is this because people are abducting kids do you think? are they clamping you know you know? i don ' t know but when kids get taken from half the family when someone at our yoga group was applying for one the other day when we went yeah on that meet - up they were filling out all sorts on their form oh really? it was crikey ridiculous
2388. and obviously the the lungs as the secondary uhu erm cancer yeah erm oh god and you know and she was younger than erm but she was such a lovely person yeah and their whole family are lovely i mean i don ' t remember very well but na and were lovely and the gi still stays in contact with she ' s been very ill since as well it ' s just unlucky
2389. ' t think it ' s going to be your sort of thing mm will it just be them and and if she ' s still with him and you? or would they invite other members of the family? i ' ve no idea well if they invite other members then we ' re definitely saying no because she ' ll spend her entire time complaining about them and i ' m not mm and also then threw
2394. ended up back there he has a job interview tomorrow does he? some sort of care working with learning disabilities oh that ' ll be funny wouldn ' t it? yeah never happen keep it in the family yeah how ' s your university application going? it i ' ve been turned down by brunel and i ' ve been turned down by uea and i ' m still waiting to hear on edinburgh
2410. when i actually transcribed evently and it was coming out underlined yeah it ' s not a word yeah so so that must have been a quirk of my mum ' s that yeah from her family yeah that it sounded very legitimate when i was growing up yeah and i thought evently was as word but no they mean evidently yeah and then i i pulled my sister up on it and i said oh
2411. ##gc right cos they ' re worth more cos they ' re are there any? they ' re beginning to yeah really? very good news for house prices yes yeah yeah there was a lovely family of erm nepalese who walked down when i was parking oh they were lovely weren ' t they yeah they were yeah er and two generations of them mm but you know just oh yeah these were beaming
2412. s basically it ' s the same one except it works in a very similar way you didn ' t tell me that sorry? hence the er hence the similar name it ' s part of the same family as in it ' s freaking difficult to get another one so we thought we may as well get the updated one oh right i ' m not quite convinced of the logic in there but alright probably may as
2420. not she does look quite transgender though to be fair look at how bad that plastic surgery is damn it sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry yeah i lost it cheers does was she in the addams family? i don ' t know she looks like she is oh she does she looks like the mum doesn ' t she? she does yeah she would look good as the mum but other than that as a
2431. cos talks about i can remember erm when oh some bloke from the embassy called the british council and i can ' t remember what it was about now was some member of the royal family coming or something i i don ' t know it wasn ' t it wasn ' t when prince charles was opening the new could have been block maybe could have been anyway erm i can remember him saying
2438. ' s life in terms of money and you just never know what? you know? alzheimer ' s is a degenerative disease but you simply don ' t know i mean i come from a family with a history on both sides of living for a long time my dad ' s grandmother lived till she was ninety and does something like alzheimer ' s? it doesn ' t actually affect your mortality in that
2440. five and the reason he didn ' t come out is cos my grandad is my gran was in the navy my dad was in the army my whole f the whol all generations of my family have been in the armed forces yeah and erm my uncle was so scared of coming out as being gay to my grandad because he was so scared of his reaction by my grandad was like i
2445. i shouldn ' t go bald got a nice head as yet so yeah well got a long way to go well i ' m a woman and it ' s less common in women and mm also my family history and you don ' t dye your hair so you ' ve got no hope of yeah it ' s true i was telling s i was telling somebody the other week about that i said my granddaughters
2446. spanish superstitions? oh loads of them absolutely loads yeah mm well i know that erm cos my old work colleague ' s husband is venezuelan and she said that all his side of the family you must put your handbag on the floor or the money will leave oh so that ' s a venezuelan one well we got one what is it? if somebody gives you a pair of gloves as a
2447. deal about children reading primary school and they can ' t read and i thought my god i could read when i was five and so could so could you and i thought well all the kids in our family that ' s because the parents don ' t bother with them and they don ' t read to them or do things with them you know and that has the common thing is to give them one of those
2457. she lives there and her sons live across the green and sometimes her daughter who has a baby lives with her and it sounds like they seem to cause most of the trouble in you know between that large family right from what she was saying it sounds a bit claustrophobic like she was saying oh you know the police often round there i was like oh i did know the police came here sometimes i didn '
2461. what happened? er ' s passed his driving test so all of them now drive erm drives is this one? yeah drives drives ' s just passed his driving test they all part of the same family? yeah i ' m a bit confused as to er are they brothers and sisters? yep these two are ' s sisters children okay so they all drive now obviously is this ' s sister here? yes
2465. think who do you think ' ll lose their hair quickest or i? i well to be honest if you if you look at both sides of your if you look at my immediate side of my family my fath my mother ' s side had lost their hair my father ' s side their hair my father ' s was receding but he wasn ' t a slap head no if you look at your
2466. ' t she? like matured so much cos obviously she had that job didn ' t she so yeah so i think what with getting the job and sort of kind of moving out of her family home it ' s changed her in so many good ways see what i mean though when i was like now i spend so much time with her because she ' s just such an easy person to be with
2471. evidence of this yeah because i ' ve always foufound that funny that like it ' s just like humans and then like in other animals it ' s like oh this is the big cat family oh this is like the canine family like and then it ' s like humans it ' s like everyone ' s human like one human yeah there ' s not not like human r blah blah blah and like
2472. ve always foufound that funny that like it ' s just like humans and then like in other animals it ' s like oh this is the big cat family oh this is like the canine family like and then it ' s like humans it ' s like everyone ' s human like one human yeah there ' s not not like human r blah blah blah and like other human blah blah blah well i
2473. different kind of cat a lion and tiger they ' re classed as different species aren ' t they? i don ' t know are they like variations or something? the species is kind of the cat family isn ' t there? yeah but then again it they with the human thing they ' d be part of humanoids wouldn ' t they? yeah would they be variations on it like cats i suppose or

Cluster 3
0. then your your bathroom or or i could take a conservatory garden room out yeah you can do what you want there right? okay but then this whole rest of the house would have a living room a family house a dining room a playroom at the back yeah yeah it ' s a lovely house to be honest our house isn ' t much wider than this is it? i love this house i love i
1. of si admittedly they were not thick - cut for a fiver wow they were a pound each yeah wow really good value and the the the fish there were all of these the fish stalls there family fish stalls er amazing fish beautiful it was all on ice it was a lovely display and an everything and anything yeah it wasn ' t you know we didn ' t buy anything in there other than erm
3. s like if i could pick an ideal person for my brother it would be her ah that ' s nice yeah ah she ' s so amazing so has he? got over? his ex ' s family like situation? i think he ' ll he ' ll always have this weird mm relationship and like even when he comes back here? probably but i mean none of them are here so it ' s fine
4. friendly relationship yeah yeah i really admire that but there i think there has to be a bit of a line drawn at some point where you ' re like yeah okay i won ' t stay with their family especially if it ' s gonna get in between him and his girlfriend yeah yeah i won ' t go to a wedding with my ex his current girlfriend er my ex ex ' s wedding listen he ' s
7. to me yet oh she hasn ' t replied? oh would be perfect here she doesn ' t shut up i know i ' m i ' m going this afternoon yeah there you go do all the family rounds it ' ll be such a good problem is i think ' s got to come and it ' s makes it really really difficult why does he have to come? i don ' t know unless he
12. and i struggle to find it well they have those kind of events like in summer like the they have the beer festivals and the that kind of stuff you know mm mm i mean some of them are family - oriented some of them aren ' tyou know i mean more regular feeling rather than once a year i mean of course they have folk festival and all that which is very you know prestigious but i mean
15. right plus accommodation okay and travel accommodation in a hostel? host family host family ah yeah yeah and some of them were really bare minimum that ' s another scam as well i know yeah a host family it ' s more like a lodger lodging a bed in a room you know o one lad one lad he was in from er what ' s it called? london met he said um hi his host
24. she hadn ' t even spoken to me for three months god at all > had spoken to me mm and had relayed information but i hadn ' t heard from her for three months they booked a family holiday nice and left the country without even telling me fuck yeah er and i got my a - levels and they went absolutely schiz like they went crazy i was terrified absolutely terrified dragged me round the
26. it mm you know thinking we ' ll we can build something from now you can move on you know my dad ' s nearly dead mhm and you know we need each other this should be a family unit and yeah no that was not the way she led the conversation what did she say? so i was like no mum no no it ' s okay don ' t you worry oh tut well i
27. ' d just say yeah fine just go done yeah wow so that ' s awesome i mean we only ever went to normal holiday places like corfu or mm you know ibiza or just normal family places but it ' s just getting away though isn ' t it? mm um and stayed in the good nice places mm and she was like er yeah we ' ll do we ' ve we ' ve
28. a flight or waiting mm for a seat to come up like it ' s it is a bit of a gamble but you ' re better off doing that as a loner than you are with a family yeah i mean it ' s okay if it ' s okay if you ' re going out to stay with someone mm but if you ' re paying for a hotel yeah exactly that ' s the killer isn
30. he was like have you seen this have you seen this? he was just like what the fuck? like er that ' s the point when you just think right back - packing around france with the family it is then it is yeah caravan it up you can ' t have twenty - six grand holidays no so he was like what the hell? and then he found out that he could get um employee rate
31. s wanted to go mm at easter where they ' re not guaranteed trade mm so yeah coming obviously cos it ' s on the employee rates per room not per person mm so he can get a family room mm for him and his wife and the two kids cos the kids are young in one room wow so it ' s one eighteen pound a go lovely well not eighteen pound for there but yeah whatever
35. clause in my will or contract or whatever that will say you can tell anyone what you ' re doing right and you can ' t blame yourself sort of thing it just always is because got a nice family trip to switzerland with your paralysed relative they go do like and they die naturally yeah but i can ' t think of anything worse than being trapped what? going out and he did get really drunk
36. wait there no wait text language put into that no it ' s not doing it might just be flying madu and mogu so funny i ' m currently are you taking a photo? what? family ha i ' m not in any of these photos what is she talking about? i don ' t finally a house on my wall doncaster ah fucking gay fuck actually thinks that erm i hate him he
38. now they did have a date for i think it was something like the twenty something ridiculous like close to christmas the twenty - first or something yes at christmas i remember you saying then the people the the family that of the house ' s moving into said he didn ' t move that close to christmas and wanted to leave it till after christmas so it was rearranged for the twenty - eighth of january right
39. top baths with the legs oh lovely so that looks really really lovely and a separate shower and that ' s all very lovely erm how many bedrooms is it? three bedrooms oh room for a little family yes the very small bedroom is very small right erm you ' d be lucky to get er er a bed and a tiny wardrobe in it really but it ' s very similar to the house grew up
41. won ' t understand what he ' s saying probably but i ' ll speak to him in english and will be there for a couple of weeks and she ' ll speak in english too yeah but the family will all be spanish won ' t they? yeah and i think it ' ll be the same when we arrive i don ' t think his mum will understand what he ' s saying so he ' ll
42. then she ' s off to peru to go and do the inca trail on about the s fifteenth of sixteenth of january mm and then i think we ' ll go down to and see all of the family yeah it ' ll be about halfway through your visit won ' t it? yeah i ' ll have a couple of weeks round the coast and then probably a week or five days or so to go to
45. erm yeah so we moved out to aha yeah and that ' s where i lived for a while and then got married so er and then came out this way because belongs here you know his family come from so erm yeah yes yes yes mm mm ah so shall we go back to your personal shopping experience? yes let ' s do that ah as i say not happy to have done it really
46. tea tonight lunch tomorrow erm he just wants to start cooking dinners and having them good just for him? just for him yeah cos his mum ' s a vegetarian oh i see i can understand family no and then ' s at his sister ' s at university so he ' s gonna cook a meal for four and eat it in two sittings knowing him probably or a meal for six yes but yeah
62. sort of something like that there ' d only be eighty of them bluh bluh bluh so i thought ooh this might be worth a punt you know they yeah sound like a nice enough family um that they ' d behave properly so i told her and she said well if you know sounds like they ' d be okay yeah i said and also you know they ' re supposed to be going into
64. pea yeah it sounds awful but it ' s just amazing i don ' t know how but horseradish right i ' ve never had horseradish partly because we were never given beef like my family didn ' t eat any beef when i was young because of bse em and so we never had horseradish or beef and so i ' ve never had it i only had horseradish in
65. just different in that it contains mostly figs like dried figs so i got a recipe books for my birthday em which i probably told about but em basically this massive thick was it like an entire family thing where everyone just keeps giving you books? oh dear em no will got me them they ' re like em from the restaurant called leon which is in london and there ' s quite a few of it
68. s going on in reverse well he can speak very good english that ' s a very lucky thing for me that ' s a like a bit of a barrier not for the yes kids not for the family family cos they all speak very good english but the well first of all you know they speak hebrew to each other a lot mm so you miss mm what people are saying and half the time you aren
69. going on in reverse well he can speak very good english that ' s a very lucky thing for me that ' s a like a bit of a barrier not for the yes kids not for the family family cos they all speak very good english but the well first of all you know they speak hebrew to each other a lot mm so you miss mm what people are saying and half the time you aren '
71. they always try to speak english mm if i ' m there and even to each other when they ' re not directly addressing me yes so you ' re still in but you know it ' s your family so you just default to your own language don ' t you? yes if you ' ve got something to say quickly or urgently yeah or even if you ' re just chatting and it becomes animated which it
74. nice group of people here but then you know friends like you and me that are willing to travel and my clan and you know obviously but i ' d never know what to class he ' s not family and he ' s not a friend so he ' s your boyfriend oh he ' s my boyfriend oh damn it boyf i still get have to get used to that the boyf i think i have
75. in i was staying with because you know he was a bit like oh why would you stay with them and not me? but then he kind of understands it ' s like but they ' re my family like i have to see them yeah yeah and i went so i i wasn ' t after you rang i was feeling fine and then all of a sudden it was like oh not feeling so good yeah so
77. best by organising a bit of an event like come along and and talks or just having lunch with a friend or something like that? most of them are just having lunch with a friend or like a family putting it on while they ' re they having dinner or something yeah yes i mean we don ' t ever listen to the recordings so it ' s they they kind of come in and we just check that
82. i think i think i think there are transgender people that are more influential than caitlyn i i don ' t i don ' t know any i i think i i i just hate yeah that family in general yeah same cos cos they ' re just so attention - seeking and like i i remember and it ' s really unnecessary i know i remember i watched this thing where a news reporter got
98. t i don ' t know whatever that ' s what we always used to call i just done one five 0 and got through to speaking to a person talking about the bill before i had friends and family discount with you i i wasn ' t paying full yes but i was always paying the discounted price you ' d never ever ever have got an iphone six for twenty - two pounds it ' s just
109. yeah with his grandson so he ' s father ' s holding his son mm and then his wife was to the side and there was this look of complete like you know love and devotion like through the family you know you could just see in that yeah it ' s like wow there ' s a child ' s come into the world i ' m over the moon i ' m over the moon and yeah yeah
110. everything is everything is contracts mm it ' s not like you ' re doing a nice little all the money ' s coming in you base your you have a mortgage and that ' s so hard and family so hard yeah security just doesn ' t exist anymore and and more so in his line of work that ' s why i got out of it i was producing films right documentaries right i s i couldn '
124. ##m she said i think i ' m perhaps gonna have to move and and i said initially oh oh just shut rooms off it ' s such a shame you know it ' s your mm sort of family home i don ' t they ' ve li she ' s lived there as long as i ' ve done avon so that ' s fifteen years so it ' s plus their girls used to go to school
128. ##mother i i don ' t know about that but i said to are you going? she said no they ' re having a really really low key they ' re just doing oh a handful of family literally a handful of family oh really low key i said oh okay they must do they see each other fairly regular? and i don ' t know how regularly but it had come up because that particular day
130. we just we watched him actually because he was doing it while was playing a match and went to watch play a match and in fact it was ' s you know what we ' re like the whole family turned up to watch ' s match rent - a - crowd as always says as we all pile up to watch but it was ' s that said to me i mean was down on the far far court
131. dunno haven ' t really looked like would? into it probably mm i don ' t know i was just wondering if there ' s any like you know sometimes people allow you to live with their family yeah type thing? yeah i just know he doesn ' t know what he wants to do mm doesn ' t he really doesn ' t except he you know he doesn ' t wanna carry on studying mm
132. here i ' ve got what? nice towels oh thank you for towels let ' s see what ' s on in lots heritage culture food food festival there ' s a food festival on a festival of family fun and entertainment arts countryside craft fair proms in the park the sheriff ' s ride heritage weekend firework spectacular christmas festival carol concerts are you still talking then? i ' m talking i ' m just
133. restaurant ' s called but there ' s one in i think there ' s one in maybe one in york york but there ' s one in maltern north yorkshire erm i went with ' s family a few times and there was a tex - mex can ' t remember what it ' s called i remember going on a good friday once easter and i felt really bad because the fish pie no co
134. air take the dog em but yeah it was you know at the end when she kind of gets a and she ' s like i forgot i ' d forgotten what it was like to have a real family mm and the granny gives her that necklace it really like choked me up cos grandma was trying to give me jewellery and obviously wouldn ' t take it but she used to say like say to you know
137. tomorrow? yeah i think erm auntie is coming over this afternoon too oh right yeah it ' s really busy for me coming home actually yeah you were there ' s a lot of erm family reunion and kind of er yeah yeah it ' s not gonna be that chilled it ' s unacceptable though how much university costs nowadays i think i suppose they had to transfer it over from the from the er
142. comes cos i haven ' t seen for yonks i always liked it ' s a sad fact well and i were only saying it ' s the only time we ever meet up as a family mm is funerals and significant birthday parties oh well that ' s happier it ' s happier but they come infrequently well nanny ' s ninetieth mm was a good party mm wasn
143. b to score the winning goal right exactly and it only turned terribly tearjerking and romantic at the end when he was out with his three daughters i was about to say on the pitch was the family brought onto the pitch? i that ' s his wife stayed in the stands oh very sensible ye but but his very sensible that ' s right young daughter and his two older ones were were with him all
146. knowledge and understanding and understanding er cos i remember when i was young and i was you know the only person ever to go into higher education in the entire family that was a kind of moment of family rejoicing though and people did respect the fact that you went into you know you ' d got er in though in the sense you know of not a very likely candidate why? because you weren '
149. m not sure about access to information we can ' t everybody i mean in this country like if you grew up in the valleys and you didn ' t you know you you ' re your background your family background it makes a difference to your attitude yeah absolu to accessing information no absolutely on the internet yeah if your family didn ' t read books background and things website for information they would rely on
152. on another basis erm for example for example erm a sort of something that ' s ah sociologically based erm so they may feel they ' re erm erm you know there are family pressures following family traditions mm mm mm yes yes yes mm erm or they can be economically based decisions which tends to be more common if you ' ve got something like a recession and were certainly much more
153. erm for example for example erm a sort of something that ' s ah sociologically based erm so they may feel they ' re erm erm you know there are family pressures following family traditions mm mm mm yes yes yes mm erm or they can be economically based decisions which tends to be more common if you ' ve got something like a recession and were certainly much more common in terms
154. time mm mm yes yes erm oh i was the school governor at oh right that ' s very worthy oh very good erm what else have i been doing? i ' ve been doing some family history but that ' s that and that ' s really quite interesting because i ' ve kind of tried to go out sideways a bit so we ' ve actually had four trips to meet relations that i '
155. ancestry? mm i did pay to register with the ordinary uk census online very good erm and i ' ve just started to look at what ' s it called the fam the mormon one the family search family search oh yeah yeah but that ' s better because it ' s got parish records in it as well mm it ' s a huge thing though isn ' t it? all time consuming it '
156. mm i did pay to register with the ordinary uk census online very good erm and i ' ve just started to look at what ' s it called the fam the mormon one the family search family search oh yeah yeah but that ' s better because it ' s got parish records in it as well mm it ' s a huge thing though isn ' t it? all time consuming it ' s mammoth
157. like no it ' s fine but it ' s not even as if like asking someone at cos he ' s got a brother mm mm i don ' t know funny they do seem a funny family ' s was sick on the new year ' s day morning thought oh for god ' s sake you know oh is she alright to leave? her bloody sister ' s eighteen she ' s she ' s
161. competition? yeah they ha they have them quite frequently actually i think it ' s yeah it ' s an easy way for the village society to make a bit of cash yeah thethey have a family fun day in september as well i think it ' s next weekend actually or it might even be tomorrow yeah i think it ' s tomorrow oh right and even that ' s quite divisive there '
164. thousand for me big garden centre there isn ' t it? yeah yeah it ' s enormous no there ' s a story erm that we ' re often told when we go and visit ' s family in surrey that when the er people visited from zimbabwe and they were driving past this sort of like log cabin shop i do it was like a showroom of sort of like little live - in caravans
165. jonathan ross interview why? well cos cos er he ' s just not because i think tim minchin is is quite a kind of reasonable normal guy a reasonable sensible normal quiet reserved quite private family man actually in real life despite the feet the make - up the er yeah but that ' s er that ' s very much a pers like a persona and he does appear without all of that yeah
166. angry in itself like that even i had to pay i mean which i didn ' t have to pay actually but cos the my situation but yeah neither did i because of yeah because of my my family wasn ' t earning as much at the time uh no i just yeah i mean i always get a bit sort of uh um i do get a bit like anti - fees sometimes because i think the the
168. watched it i never really got into it in fact i don ' t even know if i ' ve seen a whole episode oh yeah? it ' s it was it was likable really the family was very likable yeah i re i know the guy with the all all the characters were kinda likable like the mo the mother was like the mother was um yeah what ' s her name
173. when you get out there you just find out what they need doing? you don ' t sort of yeah i think so book into certain jobs? i don ' t know and you go into some family you don ' t know or do you all well do will you all be in like a like a a a er hostel or something house or a hostel together? er no it ' s erm i
182. his his best friend is her brother yeah you know because they ' ve know each other for such a long time oh really? yeah god they ' re a very very tight - knit kkind of family you know so er i i couldn ' t be with someone that was really awful mm about their ex about the mother of their children i couldn ' t be with someone that was yeah you know talked about
187. t remember exactly erm so he ' s got like nieces and nephews and me and basically that ' s it so i mean i think before they had reason to come over and and visit family mm but now no yeah there ' s no reason to come all this way no exactly so mm so far away why does he have to live in australia for goodness sake? why did they move to australia
190. mm all er because they just say they want it mm mm there ' s no earning it when i was when i grew up my mum was a sec oh that ' s me a secretary in a family planning clinic mm mm sorry i should have turned that off don ' t worry erm i ' ll see who it is er i do need to take that but i ' ll take it later obviously er
191. i ' ll take it later obviously er and er she erm er er er erm er erm what was i? oh yes erm mum was a fam fam worked in a family planning clinic as a secretary mm mm and my dad worked in the post office all his life so i came out with a fairly mm mm you know normal upbringing i went to solihull school and i
192. ha erm wholesome tv wholesome tv ah i was trying to remember er and it was basically that we were trying to do we were trying to bring back sort of sunday evenings mm get the family sitting around the television with their tea after their tea or whatever erm and just sit down and watch some non - controversial mm mm probably boring you know but one of the first things we developed and the
194. won ' t go back in no it ' s now gonna get wrapped it ' s fine just just wrap it in the cling film yeah that ' s fine we are the cling film cap family i actually got that and i thought about putting it in the oven cos you know you can melt the whole thing and it ' s gorgeous mm or we had that didn ' t we when we went
196. they said when dad had his party but dad ' s part of the board yeah i reckon they just did yeah yeah yeah they wouldn ' t do it for that cheap for me well you ' re family aren ' t you mm win win yeah my dad was saying that as well yeah if you ' re resident or ha like well your hall is cheap no dad was saying that um if you hire out just
201. statement of why it wasn ' t us and who we really think it was okay erm well as i ' ve said before i ' m a professional man i ' m connected mob i have a family business i ' m rich would you like to go line dancing? and powerful why would i have a gay tailor killed who was giving me i ' ve got nothing to gain gayler a gayler i
202. kill my fa my giuseppe my beautiful giuseppe ah i no i can ' t how dare you insult me so much sticking with marcus marco how could you do this to me? we are we are like family you say? and the accent you ' ve been from bristol for the last thirty minutes erm it wasn ' t me okay so good good defence good defence i i do not need the money if it
205. like you can have for a cheap u resort you get a pool but you ' ve gotta share with like another family yeah so your whole holiday in that villa would be like sort of shared with the family so yeah if you got stuck in there and if if that family had been the same as the f as the family that we saw at the teppanyaki newcastle the you ' d be kinda s
207. yeah so your whole holiday in that villa would be like sort of shared with the family so yeah if you got stuck in there and if if that family had been the same as the f as the family that we saw at the teppanyaki newcastle the you ' d be kinda s kinda stuck wouldn ' t you? kinda in their holiday ohh that ' d be pretty bad no you don '
212. so they were there for a reasonable amount of time i i cooked some scones and we had cream tea and then we took out to the park erm okay oh came as well so the whole family yeah came okay so it was and came down try and get mum down on her own next time maybe and well she can if she trains yeah i mean she can ' t drive by herself no no of
214. ' s doing oh i don ' t know now she ' s changed her course and my nephew ' s also there oh wow doing a course so so quite a few people then so then all the family now are doing something or other that ' s brilliant spoke to i rang she ' s er she said she ' s sent some chocolates although i ' m sure she said oh no i was gonna say
215. which is why we went to ' s and we all stayed over because like you sort of said nobody can have a drink otherwise yeah erm but normally we alternate which year we have one with my family christmas day and then the opposite swaps around but that ' s all had to change cos they like ' s now got his own house and so ' s er my sister - in - law '
216. big yeah i mean we could potentially get an ad er an invite from again we could get an invite from we could get an in er one thing we have kind of agreed er well all all the family ' s agree that ' s parents now are too old to be doing this they ' ve got the house yeah so it ' s not a problem but it ' s too much work for them it '
230. ll just keep paying the rent just for an easy life in a way yeah and i can just go home whenever anyw i ' m lucky i have that option the other girls don ' t their family ' s down in london so hm have they joined the gym? yeah i know i i don ' t know what i think one of them goes to her boyfriend ' s and the other one probably goes
232. ' ll have problems getting a mortgage i just think the housing crisis is disgusting here yeah like i mean pff it ' s so expensive yeah i was in teaching on monday and oh yeah the the family that i the t the woman that i teach is a housewife but her husband ' s doing an mba here they ' re japanese and um they ' re renting a very nice townhouse flat m
236. and she said er that there ' s times when he ' s like eating so much that he started throwing up throwing up? well they sa he just says it ' s like it ' s a family occasion or something and they just let him just eat all day long just crap food they said th i know eats but bloody hell th said his plate his dinner plate ' s the same size as an adult
237. to annoy me about these was that you know they used to come round and they would have like an old lady a young girl with a kid you know what i mean? yeah sort of a family thing so you can ' t so these but we give her time i mean she ' s she ' s such a nice old girl and she come round and she just says what ' s in you might
238. read that bit there and and i say yeah yeah and then she said oh your garden looks beautiful and i said thank you very much and she ' s a very nice and she always asks about the family cos she you know cos she yeah she asks about she ' s been coming for year absolutely years mm she always remembers doesn ' t she? yeah she ' s lovely yeah and and the girl
242. and i talk well bitterness sets in wwell you know we have our spats or have done in the past yeah but you can ' t sit down like i couldn ' t and and at a family do and have a laugh with his new eh erm wife or him with i don ' t know i think now that we could i think now we could be civil enough to each other i don '
243. ' s ex and close with her i mean if i saw i ' d stop and chat to him and i ' m sure you would with yeah yeah definitely because it ' s like all those years family laughs and stuff you remember it all he ' s just no yeah course you would course you would bothers me i think what happens is when when it divides like when a marriage breaks and it divides you
246. divides you you pick up new roots with a new part of a family don ' t you? yeah yeah like you have with ' s family he has with what ' s her name? ' s family ' s family and i know he didn ' t move far but it makes a difference he ' s not in the same area at all so you ' re not really just going to bump into him i
250. comes home he ' s like bambina his kids up and down all the rest of it straight over to how you doing? eater eater muncher muncher italian isn ' t he? family first muncher muncher whatever it is and he ' ll go into shower and take one of his kids in with him does she speak any italian now? very little yeah she should learn she
256. s probably met them about as much as i meet them at the airport that ' s it say hello we had an hour conversation i mean it ' s useful for us we just kind of keep the family separate and it ' s nice and easy but that ' s why the whole idea of like having a wedding and getting our families together just sounds ghastly i can ' t think oh bloody hell we
260. percent have it completely paid for by their parents they live with their parents until they ' re in their parents no worries erm their parents will leave them everything at the end it ' s all about family there it ' s all like yeah yeah i ' m not s actually saying it ' s necessarily a good thing because they have a lot of problems no they but they can ' t understand to think when
264. but no ' s always saying that i don ' t need to see my mum like you do i feel like going shut up yeah that ' s the truth i mean some people need to see their family more than other people do yeah yeah but need is different to want isn ' t it groovy? they ' re not very safe for going up and down the stairs though they ' re fine okay
266. away for me? so yeah the eighteenth of august full name full name i can ' t do anything until i ' ve got that box in the cupboard oh so that one ' s your family name family and then first yeah god don ' t worry about it just cross it out cross it out? yeah so first is second name? yeah go for it and full name so i have to put yeah you
267. come to a head and also the prisons we ' ve got are very very old now as well and some of them need to be shut down not to mention they were built in a different time where family support was not recognised as being erm a key component of stopping reoffending so some of these prisons like dartmoor were built in the most isolated out of the way place on purpose to prevent them
273. yeah i know was there very lately oh i ' ll with no i ' ll tell you what yeah? will be there regularly from september october oh yeah well that ' s where we can do some family history stuff can ' t we? cos that ' s like the the centre ' s there some of the stuff mind you it ' s where all in now where ' s the records office? er
277. ##s he ' s in scotland so i says well i know that does appear to be the correct rumour if i cou if i s can think of anyone that hadn ' t got a second family or a thai bride it would be him yes same as i thought that ' s why i think she found it funny really oh yeah that ' s er so she was off to netball straight after yesterday then
278. part exchanges as well oh god for like yeah so she ' s doing good on that mm she ' s doing well on that that ' s quite exciting so it ' s er er practically becoming a family business well though buying and selling he just buys he doesn ' t sell he doesn ' t shift it on mister trebus he is mister trebus um er but he was doing that wasn ' t he
284. ' ve met woo woo yeah i have have you conceded that ' s not gonna be a possibility? don ' t be harsh what about a relative though? cos you can ' t choose your family so maybe a relative a hot relative on yeah from a tall side tall attractive side he ' d have to be er quite distant with a bit of um bit of chat bless him bit of chat maybe it
285. was having a conversation with someone about weddings the other day and i was like um my cousin esther is getting married in in the south - west yeah and um what she ' s offering with obviously close family she ' s offering the we the wedding at half two mm and then at half past seven puddings what? and like dancing and a disco and that so she ' s not offering food? no not
291. history thing yeah eighteen forty - seven and the story is that that the money was raised from local landowners and according to the book erm most of them reneged on their promises and it was the family that er paid most of it oh right erm but it ' s interesting because erm this is going back to well going back to that time you see yeah nobody saw the need to learn to read
292. cor mm but it was a it ' s an interesting area in one sense because there was no iin most areas you had the gentry yes the land of gentry but there ' s no significant family at all in this area sorry? were yes they came years to it yours must have been the most important house in mustn ' t it? well it ' s not at all that old it was
293. than us he ' s got a full time job working in the nhs right not as a nurse but as a repair man okay so he gets paid a wage that ' s like the average for a family okay but he how old is he? he ' s nineteen okay so he gets it all to himself shit wow so for his age living with his parents he gets paid a lot he ' s yeah yeah
296. ? i ' m gonna be working within a few of those days yeah i can work the day of the party right i probably can ' t work the day after and then if i go to the family party i probably can ' t work the day after that either that bad? i can ask my boss to take one of those days off right but not any more than two especially new year ' s eve
298. apart from apart from who obviously didn ' t go back to america and who didn ' t go back to new zealand but so it wasn ' t everyone but everyone apart from us three went back saw family went back like for a weekend or something and stuff that was everyone but me from england and i was like saw me though and i was like so jealous yeah yeah see that was a good thing that was
300. like where we had christmas like just the four of us there ' s like no arguments or anything we ' re all just chatting about whatever and then you always go to and then you add the more family you add i find like the more arguments you get you get like yeah i remember those now though it ' s not it ' s not like really bad arguments they ' re never like it ' s it
305. a terrorist situation on live tv or somethi yeah it just seems like a really nice really good not nice but you know what i mean like yeah like heartwarming really heartwarming premise a family film such a family film no but er it just seems like a really interesting premise to a story mm think i ' m gonna find us a little but bad neighbours is basically just gonna be bad neighbours all
306. live tv or somethi yeah it just seems like a really nice really good not nice but you know what i mean like yeah like heartwarming really heartwarming premise a family film such a family film no but er it just seems like a really interesting premise to a story mm think i ' m gonna find us a little but bad neighbours is basically just gonna be bad neighbours all over again isn '
309. i think to a certain extent it happens in china as well but not to such a great extent because they don ' t base all their celebrations on alcohol like we do and they ' re also the family value system is they they try and maintain the this thing about harmony which is in my way of thinking just a facade well yeah it ' s it ' s just that ' s not value that you you
311. off of or something her like hand me down or unless she splashed out and got one herself i think that ' s probably what it is yeah it ' s a hand me down it ' s a family air loom did you get it? it ' s a lot more sophisticated than mine though it does the job i didn ' t have to pay for it once money exactly all i need a phone for
314. at all mm it ' s meant to be nice there i think i ' m sure i ' ve probably driven through it but i i don ' t recall it ' s very close to ' s family mm is coming up to join you at all or? yeah i hope so at some point train ' s not very cheap between here and i remember you saying that before it ' s about forty pound and
318. i know you are fussy i er so what was wrong with that one? needed a new washer oh it broken and mm rotted had it? crumbled yeah also the erm family bathroom tap wasn ' t much better no so this chap the other guy on the phone said erm that we wanted the downstairs toilet fixing because it was very noisy a musical one? and they said
320. percent remains mm yeah that ' s what they said twenty percent remains i think mm well i ha i hope you find that interesting mm i thought there would still be more things though mm with all the family yeah i mean it is okay mm mm but as said a lot of things have been lost haven ' t they? yeah like when i went into that er that shop which was like a sentinel for this
321. mm maybe a couple of months ago now mm then we were there for the night mm we went for park - and - ride uhu one i went to didn ' t know anything about it er family keep going and or whatever and decided it was be good ain ' t it? he ' s got his vest on his vest on got his vest on and that he was dehydrated that was
322. ##bby baby face but her their their my uncle ' s step - daughter so whatever she is to me nothing essentially that ' s a stranger this stranger i know this person that i sort of see at family gatherings she ' s had twins twin boys and they ' re called awful yep and oh i was gonna say and cos that ' s laurel and hardy that ' s not what they ' re called but
323. really happened and we both want this to happen again yeah even though we shouldn ' t really do it at all and he was like saying how next time he sees me is obviously gonna be at some family thing oo and he said i just don ' t know how i ' m gonna be with you like i can see it being really awkward mm cos obviously people say to him have you heard from
324. d already been up for like a while at like parties and stuff and then i got on the plane to and i passed out straightaway and i was in the middle of the middle surrounded by a family of obese people and like i was woke up and i didn ' t have any hand luggage or anything and i couldn ' t they were so fat i could literally not like couldn ' t get the
325. their assistant they have like an assistant they have a manager she ' s just like kind of takes care of them makes them tea? no she just like looks after them it ' s like having a family member that travels with you or whatever she ' s so cute and she was like obviously like in like her mid forties and she and you know japanese people love whisky and every she made us take so
331. was this? in street oh right er aye it ' s now er it was donated to the church of scotland the house oh by lister? yeah very good er yeah yes or by the aye the family right i don ' t think anybody ' ll get any of the golden answers on this one cos it ' s really difficult but i would like you right to name the ten most popular winemaking grape
334. make you try and want those ones when i made those clove oranges i would cover the whole thing oh sorry i know but i ' m not giving an like an orange to each of my family members as their christmas present but if i did ah yeah no that was er that was my that was one of my grandma ' s favourite presents every year that ' s what she told you no man that
339. head? they are mostly forward looking yeah they have very poor eyesight but they would see you from that distance and and that ' s him again with the water coming out and this was another little family that came up but it ' s because this is where the freshest water is it comes out here and it bubbles through a little gully down to a m a water hole but there the water the
340. oh well is it christmas day or is it boxing day there? are they not ahead? christmas no they ' re five hours behind oh right mm mm yeah they ' ve gone to some erm family that they ' ve got out there family friends girl called does she like it or? mm family have gone out to see her mm they ' re coming home on the twenty - seventh or eighth i think
343. at one in the morning? i don ' t know could ' ve been watching a film has been to midnight mass? they ' re such a weird no they ' ve been to church this morning family in a weird way mm but they think we ' re weird i think they ' re weird like well we are weird like ' s the one that was saying saying goes ten o ' clock i ' m
344. re going going to and ' s oh for tea? for dinner yeah i thought they were going to the s no they go there in the morning going to see the s they want to do the family round they said and then they erm going to and ' s for dinner i didn ' t have any stuffing oh you silly billy why not? how did you manage that? how did you not notice
349. the only c comedy one uh - huh yeah it was good though i mean i could it would ' ve gone down a lot better in a diff slightly different environment cos it was kind of family - orientated mm you know which wasn ' t really and plus the fact that she ' d got a really bad cold and she was you know tut aw um not the best of form yeah there
350. it ' s only just got going so yeah it ' s only yeah it ' s only early days isn ' t it mm so have you been bugging people with it? well i tried the family and they ' re just not interested ah so um my sister went absolutely mental could you covert co did she? why? she was like it ' s my privacy no er you ' re not allowed to
351. that little row of shops just before you get to the garage then? yeah yeah yeah um mm mm it ' s just on the corn on the bottom mm mm we went to aldi yesterday a family trip mhm bought everything yeah spent twenty pounds mhm oh it ' s great isn ' t it mm it ' s amazing i haven ' t been for a while what random things have happened? mm
352. quite a way away that ' s why he has the house in cambridge i think so he ' s he ' s the one who ' s like starting up his own gardening business so he has their family house? yeah and they live in s in scotland? they live in some sort of abode in scotland oh okay as one d or or possibly the dad died and the mum lives in scotland uh -
353. so i thought a sprinkle lady no i thought the i thought the sprinkler man had come with sprinkle ladies called the sprinklers i see a sprinkle family they should have had their money now yeah probs yeah way oh that ' s a tight corner they ' re really deceiving the roads like cos you can ' t see the ends kind of
356. the way people even now that do watch tv programmes it ' s all changed anyway cos they can watch it online and yeah they do their own thing they don ' t all sit down as a family yeah but you ' d all wanna watch something different anyway probably well that ' s it yeah that ' s what they say now it ' s really different so must be it must have been a nightmare to
357. s what they say now it ' s really different so must be it must have been a nightmare to all have to watch the same thing well no it ' s good like when you ' re a family and you all wa and you ' re all sat in the same room sometimes you know it ' s nice to be you i mean but you ' re not part of a big family anyway are you?
363. let ' s see what for? look at that mum that ' s unkind bom thanks for that have you read this family ballad? i thought doesn ' t it say ballard? ballad of family rules no there ' s an r there b a l l a and then the r is obscured by the dress d well but where are we? alright i dunno where are we? always count b
365. bit but i know you need hot water which is what we do that ' s why we lit the fire this morning just to have hot water but forty gallons don ' t last very long with a family do it? no no our boiler is efficient you know when i consider how much it has come down it ' s come down seventy pound a month yeah since having the new boiler put in yeah that '
367. they more of a? er i dunno i have them every weekend so probably oh okay i dunno if you do up here well i dunno like i think maybe it ' s just a family thing rather than a yeah location thing yeah like roasts are just sort of like inherently british anyway so i mean everyone up where i have like has various things but like it ' s like everyone ' s
379. he ' s pakistani oh i think i ' ve heard of erm yeah and then they were there ' s a debate a debate show and he was saying his question was erm my f my family have accepted who i am so why can ' t the rest of the muslim community accept who i am? and then people on the big questions were just grilling him literally some people were just grilling
382. yeah there ' s not going to be that opportunity again for people no no yeah and in such a lovely sort of cos they ' ve all commented on it in interviews of what a sort of family atmosphere it was really you know? yeah yeah yeah totally supported and you know? yeah yeah just a rare thing isn ' t it? yeah so yeah it ' s kind of sadness that five years old
385. well i think cos i used to watch one or two well i d used to watch two the high chaparral which was on yes yes when i was a teenager cos there was a family matinee wasn ' t there? just yeah that was a j i just loved that yeah so it was like a series but it was all erm oh yeah yeah sort of erm cowboys mm
398. mm and then sort of fell out of love with like british tv and thought it was all really insipid and this all sort of reality culture and how people started calling her and harassing her family and really? you know well like um you know she said you know i ' d be in a cab going somewhere with my kids and you know as soon as the cab go there the paparazzi
399. kids work it out they ' re married not us mm hm kind of thing so they kept ringing the house phone they had like caller id and they wouldn ' t pick up the phone the h the family wouldn ' t pick up the phone it got a little bit ridiculous then they started getting like other a bit like she didn ' t come back she didn ' t answer so he went back after the weekend
402. that ' s not yeah i think you know they they had they did the norm you know mm they met they got married they bought a house they had kids you know they had the two point four family life and mm i think you know it still kills me that it ' s just not what how my dad thought it was gonna be yeah but that ' s life you know you you pick yourself up and
405. cos sometimes the judge shuts it off when it ' s really yeah everyone ' s shouting and yelling yeah well you ' ve got the jury getting on tv and then it ' s where the family wanna sit if they wanna sit in on it or where journalists wanna sit if they wanna sit in it or public gallery anyone ' s allowed in so in i went and this man was going i know you
406. have as much as you like it ' s really popular er amongst the thai people and they have a chain which is built around the same concept and in fact i did it before in china with that family that was like the special meal that they did for me oh gosh of was this yeah i don ' t know what it ' s called i ' m afraid buffet of raw food and erm di
407. ad hoc interventions that they might have with their gp which might be around hrt treatment erm in the case of ovarian cos it tends to be more older people but could be around family planning yeah you know just so it ' s people should know what the symptoms are well no absolutely and and we should follow your story and then i ' ll say a bit about kind of sym the
412. would come to domino one time will you? yeah all the old folk would love you would you take and no no they will hate it just go come to cos that ' s a lot more family friend alright or prefer to go to one where there aren ' t as many people i ' m not sure would i have to play? yeah it ' s quite easy it ' s alright at there '
413. you buy raffle tickets oh very good good night out yeah yeah they ' ve got it have you been? no not yet are you coming to when i go to can do if you want maybe family friendly? you ' d love it you ' d love it although they ' ll start one just took me to domino once in did she? experience then how did they oh it ' s not like that
414. t need a nanny any more cos she goes to school mm erm she ' s four and then and i ' m sure he told me that they ' d never been home to visit the family and i said oh i said did you go to europe then? how was it? and i wanted to say europe cos i couldn ' t remember where they went and she said no we didn '
415. d her dress comes up to there probably just rubbed it over there look at that yeah what ' s that? i had to get out of the doctor ' s quick because there ' s this er family there and they were saying to the doctor that the little girl had had a fever for four days and er it hadn ' t gone away and she ' d been erm sick and stuff and the kid
417. everybody yeah er er like any other yeah white mm person and so i it ' s so you would have to actively work to create that connection? yeah i would either with er through some yeah project family or to actually go out and meet and yeah talk to yeah people say within yeah the local community in and at that point in britain or you start being a bit sort of well yeah yeah i i i
418. twenty ten i hadn ' t been back for twenty - eight years right was gonna ask you incredible that ' s a long time long time yeah and one of the reasons was nothing to do with my family because we communicated i spoke my sister would ring me with six s s on the phone not skype six hours we would be talking wow on the phone and she and then sometimes she ' s ring her
419. six hours we would be talking wow on the phone and she and then sometimes she ' s ring her and talk to her for an hour oh my god so it was nothing big phone bills about the family yeah but there were incidents on previous visits that i had erm that that really just i i decided you know no i can ' t be doing with this and er a couple of them were for example
421. made some judgements about yes about you yeah yeah yeah yeah ye yeah yeah judgment m m m m number two followed yeah or number mm whatever yeah followed by the the next question was who is your family? oh yeah right there you go okay so what standing are are are you on? which is very like here oh it ' s you very much i thought you into this place because it ' s so
424. i mean again going back to this matron she was very tuned in to the health and wellbeing of her her er well her staff really yeah mm very good yeah and whilst she appreciated the family connection and keeping the family connection and stuff like that she felt that when you took all your holiday in one chunk like that then you had the whole rest of the year where you had no breaks it '
433. yeah erm er but i wouldn ' t want to live permanently with yeah people like that you know yeah er but then i would try and get away erm in somebody else ' s house yeah family house and just away between them yeah er and i thought that would be really quite good well you ' re always welcome to you could come and live here there ' s loads of room yeah but but but
442. t go outside it ' s too many people mm so i was happy with that but bearing in mind then that we ' re paying you wouldn ' t wanna spend another fifty quid on ' s family and i says no absolutely not so would you have an issue? well it ' d be sad but i suppose oh whatever yeah well but they don ' t they don ' t but er but if that
443. is and yeah yeah and she ' s inviting erm and yes to be godparents and is coming and yes yes yeah iit ' s not i i know i know i know an extended family thing yeah but she feels that always asks always wants to see always you know yes which makes the effort to go round that sort of thing yeah yeah yeah yeah so she because we ' re inviting she wouldn
444. he comes round a lot and yeah that ' s that is asks about him and i said okay invite yeah he ' s good yeah so they ' re having their few friends then it ' s just family but mm yeah so i think we added that to be about thirty people so so is so inviting and probably then possibly? ' s leaving that with yeah er it ' s not ' s choice but yeah
449. that either he worked at erm didn ' t he? yeah yeah yeah works there as well some bread here as well some french stick have we got any butter? supposed to be sol fe same family working there running it now yeah it ' s on the table isn ' t it? oh is it? sorry i didn ' t know how is it? there ' s some pork pie there as well
452. cos it ' s just exactly the same and er she said you know since last time going in to work at christmas i ' ve done a thousand miles she ' s gotta get to on her family ' s side and i said well what have you done with the new car? done a thousand miles and u say how? that ' s for the but of course down here two or three times '
455. ' t like it at all i do like christmas it ' s really boring it ' s i just hate people arguing at christmas mum ' s always like moaning like you know and peo you know family just like being bitty and like oh come on yeah don ' t need all that stress just have have a good time i think it ' s because and be we don ' t really do that we
456. of my aunties just basically the last few years was like i ' m not cooking i don ' t really you know she ' s not really the cooking type so she kind of like stopped like family big reunion kind of thing so we all do our own thing now which is kind of mm kind of gets bor you know gets mm mmore duller every year cos it ' s just like
461. very well that new year ' s eve does he? and phoned me up at about half past ten eleven f texted me over the road and says oh we haven ' t gone to ' s family as usual would you like to come over for a drink? that was eleven o ' clock on new year ' s eve i said well no no i mean i didn ' t wanna go anyway erm
462. booked a holiday mm don ' t know what he ' s doing she said no we just do our own thing we just g i just go off with the girls i don ' t include him the family stuff i thought gosh you only moved in there in what four months ago? yeah three? a when did they move? wasn ' t that long ago was it easter time? oh i tell you
463. in turkey? yeah she reckons she might move there at some point will she she might go out there? but she works currently at the in oh yes yeah as some sort of liaison type of family liaison officer oh she was telling me about that but it wasn ' t working out as much as she wanted it to d she was telling me about that but about no she hates it and she hates the
465. that yeah that would cost yeah yeah but i think they do like nice yeah but then you ' d need like quite a like a big space to put them in yeah yeah cos erm like family member erm they ' ve got like the nice ones but i don ' t think they actually use them i think they ' re just there for decoration yeah and then they just get dusty and are like
466. everything is okay in bologna apparently er yeah she sort of hinted saying i s i sent her a message about the summer and she replied and sort of hinted that there was something you know some kind of family problem so i don ' t know quite what ' s been going on but yeah oh what ' s happened to her? is it just this bright outside? yes it is mm just this bright outside hm
467. help? you know if they if they ' re not no sort of not it ' s like i said er sort of vague noises about s something not exactly being a hundred percent er er you know family - wise or something but i don ' t know what or you know and like i say if someone ' s not saying anything you can ' t really be like but i want to know yeah yeah when
472. really like it but i th i don ' t think you can you you can ' t manage it can you? they they become erm valued items and people will sell them erm if the family don ' t take care of them and pass them on yes to different generations yes then they get lost anyway yeah yeah it ' s sad that they ' ve become an item for making money on oh it
475. hell are we ever gonna get rid of it? mm yes i think the only thing you can do is to hire a skip go on holiday have someone take it away for you get someone someone in family oh can you come over and get all the stuff out of the loft and chuck it in the skip mm and then that ' d be gone whether they collected any of it and took it somewhere or that
479. grandchildren ' s lives as well i suppose when you have your own children there ' s a it ' s easier you want them to have the grandparents and not to want to keep them and values the family values are very strong in israel like the the kind of bond is is is is erm very you know whatever has gone on as you can see in that whole mess of a scenario you know there '
480. gone on as you can see in that whole mess of a scenario you know there ' s still a very strong sense of everyone having a certain commitment to each other mm which is how it always is family it ' s just different cultural mm mm they all live close together then? yeah they all live in same part of? within striking distance and the kids as well growing up in which is nice although they
483. israel has retaliated and fought for their rights anti - jewish and so on and you know you you only have to meet and remember that he ' s saying that his grandparents lost all of their family to just feel that impact you know that this is a young man who has this history mm and he he ' s now he still had that history it ' s his grandparents it ' s not yeah there
485. say you just can ' t understand why they can ' t vote for the right people and make a make a solution yeah well that ' s what people feel in israel as well you know ' s family considered leaving israel after the last elections seriously because they are no i understand that like the people who want there to be a constant effort towards a peaceful agreement and netanyahu is not on that boat mm
487. always wanted to seek a peaceful two - state solution erm are being erm becoming outnumbered and they feel desperate too you know? nobody wants to live like that do they? mm like ' s family really thought about moving away to america because they thought there ' s no hope left for this place you know? mm mm and what ' s going to happen now in a few years ' time? mm
488. and there ' s a book mm what ' s it called? they ' ve just made a film out of it as well? something about darkness love and darkness mm which is about erm his family coming to israel in the forties okay it ' s good you ' ve got one down there
489. sent men yeah and it was like men and their sons as well oh wow er to the gym just to get them out of the house and obviously i wasn ' t gonna be cooking and preparing a family meal so i was there yeah really felt stand out yes it really annoys me why don ' t you say hello to me in the gym? only one man does yeah? only one man says hello
490. glossed over b but when you ' re sort of like oh it ' s er oh it ' s austin powers who said you know it ' s just a um you know henchman ' s family sort of thing yeah you start thinking actually you know in this scene you know ten people just got killed yeah and actually that ' s really disturbing and tragic um but as a child you just gloss over it
491. religious mm but that comes from yeah i think just that very distinct kind of history of the jewish people and identification with that history and certain kind of cultural practices that go with it mm like ' s family none of them are religious but they observe all of the jewish holidays jewish new year sukkot what have you hanukkah i mean presumably passover you know and there ' s certain like traditional
493. what the israelis think of that i ' m sure they have a lot of thoughts about that mm yeah it ' s interesting i mean i see it you know now that i ' ve met ' s family they ' re not they ' re very erm li you know very kind of modern they ' re not they ' re non - religious people for instance they don ' t have any objection to the fact
500. get in it yeah he plays on his xbox yeah he ' s got freeview on his telly but mm sort of late at night there ' s nothing he wants to watch really so no no family guy yeah he watches things like that yeah terrible really they are quite rude cartoons actually but yeah i ' ve watched them i ' ve seen a bit i just i don ' t find them that funny i
506. when? what when i was growing up whe when on my own or when i was growing up or what? when you were growing up yeah yeah i think the first one i ever did without family was going to italy with a friend of mine in nineteen seventy - six and it was manic it was absolutely manic cos she didn ' t speak any italian right and i was busking it
507. i can actually get round on it so have you already been? em we ' ve been to we ' ve been to barcelona twice and we ' ve been to valencia eh barcelona was partly with the family one year on an architect ' s trip on the occasion as the valencia one was which is great married my own guide book very handy don ' t have to worry about that but we ' ve never actually
509. that lady said to me i said oh what ' s your name? she says oh what ' s his name? mm doh re mi fa so la ti doh they ' re a funny family ' s back so lah ti dah dunno who? who? who ' s who ' s? with a w where ' s he been? oh where ' s he been? i don
510. pounds? you pay your age mm that ' s a different way of doing it clever way isn ' t it? see? erm but then an adult is forty - five pound mm and the family is the family ' s seventy - five i think erm but it ' s it ' s it ' s quite oh no no coucouples are seventy - five but there will be lots of
512. see? cos over five is a child there ' s child badges as well mm right sounds a bit complicated it isn ' t it isn ' t really there ' s just young adult adult couple family and a vice president which pays a hundred and five pounds mm just cos they wanna seem posh erm and so that that ' s it but a child starts at five yeah but you know they
513. haven ' t i ' ve been to two there now and they ' re they ' ve not they haven ' t gone with the times with what people expect of the show the show is is very family focused yes we ' ve got all the animals and things there but not to the degree the show has no but they are all there they have all the prize there erm and the sheep shearers and
515. so i just think yeah so what? yeah like on my one where it was like she was like famalam live there i do not know what famalam meant i was guessing it meant family and i was like so first i commented i was like what is famalam? and then i deleted it i was like i can ' t say that and but she got all of these no actually
516. cheese and that on it but what did we get in this lane for dear? cos you did told me to pull over no didn ' t have time to do too much did we? between family days out and working no and working yeah i mean i was only i was only home a week and a half yeah oh i left my fudge at home oh never mind wanna mint? yeah i '
517. committed to the individual individual er customers mm so i don ' t know how it works for like christmas and stuff like that like you do you go round for christmas i don ' t know do the family take care of is that the time when they you might not have to do that? i don ' t know what ' d happen but then at least popping to a house isn ' t the same as
520. ? i mean i suppose if you haven ' t got any family but most people have some family haven ' t they? yeah yeah even if it ' s just spending it with their er like adult family it ' s still christmas it ' s a shame cos we don ' t have many festivities in this country no got a funeral up the front now yeah not having much luck with the traffic are we
522. it they were quite rich people they rent sta she got her own flat from them and they rented her own private accommodation and she just had to be there during certain hours and they took her on family holidays and staying in five star hotels and all of this kind of thing oh said they were really nice she loved it but she just doesn ' t earn very much money from it but a nice way of
527. it then no no i went to germany twice so you you s have a pen friend mm they come and stay with you and your family yeah and you go and stay with them in mm in their family and it makes you realise that actually what you ' re taught in school you ' re er you ' re ac you ' re taught very formal textbook languages mm yeah yeah but when you get with a family
528. and it makes you realise that actually what you ' re taught in school you ' re er you ' re ac you ' re taught very formal textbook languages mm yeah yeah but when you get with a family wwith a group of children young adults your age it er see even the way books are written now mm compared to b how books were written mm thirty forty fifty years ago mm yeah they were a lot
529. so they were brought up with the language but still the way they were teaching it was very very formal mm mm and they wouldn ' t accept when you say to them well when i stayed with a family well that ' s what they say mm this is how they talk yeah yeah and they didn ' t say this very formal structured sentence they ' d just abbreviate it yeah mm and iit
533. that they were supposed to collect everything else will be left behind oh god see they should have made that more clear shouldn ' t they? i said what sort of removals company gets list from a family home and doesn ' t question that you haven ' t put any ornaments or pictures on it yeah exactly and doesn ' t just say do you have ornaments and pictures? yeah they should have i mean it
540. recording and that ' s about a conversation and not an irritation rhyme that will get in the brain of the person listening i don ' t think we need to inflict it on anybody else outside the family can you read the instructions? okay after we ' ve dolloped it in er to marble the cake drag the handle of a wooden spoon through the mixture to make a swirly pattern don ' t be
544. lot depends on where you ' re living and how much you can get your basic accommodation for and whether you ' re doing it as an individual or as a family hmm erm if it was a family i would say you probably need a joint income of thirty thousand to be able to have some form of house car holiday and as a single person to be able to afford a house and a car and a
546. ' t matter i watched america ' s most hatest fa ha hatest america ' s america ' s taking from americans who can ' t speak english no the american the america ' s most hated family you need to speak american english which is about the westboro baptist church oh yeah oh oh my god i spent the entire programme louis theroux yeah i i watched that wanting to like poke this woman
548. we will select a husband and do they they have to get married first don ' t they? they select one? yeah they ' re and cos it has to be someone from inside the church family gay it has to be someone from inside the church or someone who ' s willing to accept the eighty year old they ' re all loonies just so they end up yeah inbreeding basically and
549. if i stop taking them i would crash and burn and i won ' t even do anything they didn ' t really look a normal night in our flat just seems to be like we ' re watching family guy the word sluggish before so yeah but i felt that oh you you would probably be able to tell if you asked me a math question instead of like what ' s two plus four? don
550. fat is spilling over the seats yeah it ' s it ' s like do more exercise and eat healthily and and and also she said that erm her cousin or something came over there was a family gathering her cousin came over and she lost weight she lost like a bit of weight and she was feeling happy about herself she said it triggered her because it reminded she said it was triggering because it made me
551. possible but it ' s always quantity over quality for one and then i think because they give them such a hard time about other things that when it comes to dis other di kinds of discipline or family time at the weekend like at a restaurant they do they ' re a bit more lax they don ' t discipline them at all you go to a restaurant sometime they ' ll be running around screaming and doing
552. with me wherever i am oh don ' t tell her that she ' ll move in tomorrow yeah i know well she can come down to but i ' m not sure our our flat ' s that family - friendly i thought you guys might be able to come down to visit but it ' s not exactly you know big guess it doesn ' t have to be i suppo well it ' s only
553. would cost a pretty penny yeah i don ' t know train fares aren i know they do or they did have group discounts when travellers are grouped so yeah oh yeah i suppose when you get a family ah do you even have to pay for and? i have to pay for not oh you do? but then like yesterday if we erm we went down to ' s you ' re only if you
554. that ' s if you went up to london you could get those i mean it hahas to be off - peak not like not but but yeah oh really? yeah it ' s like a group family ticket i never knew see it ' s such a rip - off when you that that ' d cost me that it cost me more than that to go to and back twenty - five quid for one
555. ' re not going to be spending hours in round the shops no no well i guess it how much does it cost to get in? do you know the details? no i wonder can you get family coupons and i ' m not sure i know they do do will you wouldn ' t quickly run out and get that washing would you? yeah okay just you can keep talking then i think it '
556. children they can run around that ' s always helpful be able to see loads of geese running around yes they had those for some years yes well i suppose there must be new ones they might be a family cos one of them looked quite young and that was oh oh you can tell the years can you? it was a smaller o well it was a lot smaller so either that or it wasn ' t
566. yeah cos i remember when we when we arrived in bahrain at whatever club he was at this is where we ' re going to have a meal with mm he must ' ve been part of the family part of the company i suppose yes a lot of them have their own clubs yeah i think so ssubsidised food and things and and ' s that was as we arrived and walked in he
570. keep up with it me no it ' s not that interesting unless you ' re fa er not facebook unless you ' re famous it ' s interesting for me because i ' ve got a very normal family mm i ' ve got nothing to relate to so when i sounds really douchebaggy when i write a song i ' m very limited but er but if you were cos you have yeah ii
581. year that one he ' s having the life of riley you keep putting a cup over him and then dropping him before he gets out of the window oh come on no mum there ' s a whole family er you ' re right i mean er a drive around some part of the lake district is nice yeah it ' s beautiful isn ' t it? i just hope it ' s like that yeah that '
582. their education system they were very strongly conditioned not to put themselves set themselves apart mm through any way you know through achievement for instance which you know is one of the main differences i i found that the family thing was very strong yeah you in the when i went over generally speaking when i went to somewhere people would change their routine to suit me in other words typically we ' d work late and things like that
583. in other words typically we ' d work late and things like that mm but the norwegians they were out of the door at four o ' clock whatever happened yeah no chance it was very much the family first mm yeah none of this er you know now of the super super hard work for sort of thing work no well they don ' t have the same kind of the motivation precisely for that reason or that
584. was always a really creative person and he wanted to you know a bit entrepreneurial and there was just no opportunities there for him although i think he stayed there eventually mm yeah erm you said about family we have a couple in the teaching she ' s norwegian and he ' s israeli and they met when they were travelling abroad and he lives there with her now they have a child and erm i was
585. i told you they moved to spain mm did they? oh they did yeah yeah they had a house there erm when they retired and they lived there for a few years and they just missed the family too much and you know realised that that was really what was important to them overall in terms of their retirement right mm so they moved back to england but they moved to de moved to devon for the weather
590. mm and then some of the erm the food where there isn ' t a an english translation we would call it the the maltese term yeah yeah erm but so many people were w you know family and because everybody ' s your family everybody ' s related cos the island ' s so tiny mm and they ' d they ' d say did your mum not teach you maltese? and it ' d
596. be we er should be taking are the ones from the refugee camps mm on the borders of er syria yeah iinto turkey well exactly cos they can be sort of vetted and they ' re family units in the main yeah yeah actually you know because you know people who come over in a boat and say would you like to come through now? i ' m a asy you know i ' m
602. is the best way about it i would have thought it was an asset wouldn ' t you? mm like the silver it ' s well yeah i yes it ' s a national yes asset mm the family silver yeah i think we should keep full control yeah sso do we own it jointly with france? we own erm forty percent is it for no forty - five percent the french state own fifty percent
603. car passes two car passes oh do you? yes oh right what er what ' s this membership? this special membership? national trust yes membership because in the past we had what was called a a family family one membership but because of my age mm erm advanced oh years yeah don ' t mention it erm i you grew out of it have a a student membership and er i mum and dad have
604. passes two car passes oh do you? yes oh right what er what ' s this membership? this special membership? national trust yes membership because in the past we had what was called a a family family one membership but because of my age mm erm advanced oh years yeah don ' t mention it erm i you grew out of it have a a student membership and er i mum and dad have a
608. we ' re gonna have boris boris johnson no we won ' t he ' s not he ' s not intelligent enough i think no yeah but he ' s part of he actually quite intelligent and his family are the public don ' t get the choice are really really highly qualified yeah but he ' s just a bit of a buffoon he is a buffoon but that ' s yeah but part of his
613. washing up though cos i did all of it yesterday no hey i imagine that the one thing i would say and i appreciate i ' ve just told you to get back at the table to have family time twenty to eleven last night you were on the phone chatting we could hear you who are you chatting to? me? yes yes you no the other yeah the other that lives in the house is there
617. erm yeah he is no longer with and it ' s er apparently he said the only thing that was really awkward is that he ' s in a lot of her sister ' s wedding photos like family wedding photos that is awkward that is really awkward yeah like they ' ve been together for like he said about seven years and he ' s in all pretty much of all of ' s family wedding photos and
618. photos like family wedding photos that is awkward that is really awkward yeah like they ' ve been together for like he said about seven years and he ' s in all pretty much of all of ' s family wedding photos and had a suit bought for him and everything and they only got married like two or three weeks ago that was not long ago was it? oh my god that is awkward yeah oh god poor
620. were looking at the menu today cos er i ' ve not been to a bella italia i tend to in all honesty i tend to avoid chains yeah erm i prefer little well i i prefer family run places but just just original places but er i was looking at the menu for bella italia today and er a lot of pizza restaurants do it now they do a really low fat version and it ' s
621. months we ' re not going to nando ' s and unfortunately i didn ' t go to ' s meal because i thought er you know it ' s nnice that it ' s a family meal yeah i must admit we went but i wouldn ' t choose anything there were a couple of people leaving work oh so it was last year erm oh just e no repow no reply hold on
625. and that ' s the prob that ' s what i said to you you have to decide which area you ' re gonna go to to be able to put your application that ' s why that family i ' m talking about that moved into our house mm they had to do it by a set you know they had to get choose where they wanted to live they selected the school chose where they wanted to
627. know make sure you ' ve got a birth certificate and things like that so that you can erm but that ' s all in chinese isn ' t it? ah and it ' s on a family book right i don ' t know how that ' s that works out let ' s see as soon as you take that all the schools go that ' s weird look tried to look they ' re on
628. quickly here mm once you ' ve got that until you ' ve got ' s permission passport and medical even if it is in chinese mm erm and presumably will have her own passport and not a family book mm to do that so would have to agree that wouldn ' t she? to get that done now if you can get past that then i think it ' s plain sailing this end from my point
629. s the bit it seems insurmountable to me cos i don ' t know how it all works and as you say she hasn ' t got a passport currently she ' s on a family book you haven ' t got ' s permission you ' d need that in writing like you know probably signed by a solicitor or something i would imagine which gives permission for her to come erm and you
634. close that ' s really nice yeah he ' s but i don ' t know how to explain it you know sometimes you just meet people and you go we ' re gonna be friends for life soul family whatever yeah whatever happens that ' s you know yeah a dead cert not necessarily a romantic thing going on but you just have that unspoken connection on a really deep intense level that ' s just like a
635. she ' s actually tall like yeah she used to be really small yeah and now she ' s pleased that she ' s small and she calls everyone a midget to be honest she called all her family a midget midgets like when she was around on the weekend and she was ill and she didn ' t talk apart from the time when we were talking about how tall she was yeah and it
641. save themselves the bother guys we ' ve been doing this wrong for thousands of years this year we ' re not going to sa th you can imagine like i wonder what that daddy sparrow coming home to family sparrow guys we ' re not going to south africa this year pack your bags we ' re leaving i ' ve checked it on i ' ve checked it on tripadvisor they ' ve tried to
646. ? i don ' t know i don ' t get him argue it i think he ' s like he was like oh yeah or cos like apparently loloads of people in his family smoke family yeah like even though like really old people and he ' s like oh yeah they ' ve smoked for so many years and they ' re still fine like maybe i ' ve got good genes or something no
647. no i ' ve well the i ' ve done that i that ' s pretty harsh so that means if we ' ve got two four like si eight blacks in now already and remember being you a family member so whoever goes first for me and you has an extra action because we can start in atlanta uhu yeah too sweet no you and you can ' t be anywhere near mm no because if you pick
654. ##ad but her i guess or something else i can i completely understand why it ' s upsetting s for mm i think she just feels like she ' s put in a lot of effort with the family and just wants to be accepted by them i guess and just hasn ' t that would be a nice thing to do to make them feel accepted there ' s always been an issue with though hasn ' t
660. my mum had been trying to get with for a while before then yeah and i keep seeing they that ' s not the story they spun me when it first happened but i keep hearing things about their family they ' re not gonna sthey ' re not gonna spin you the same one my mum didn ' t spin me something correct i mean it ' s just well she was telling me they just met you
677. yeah he ' s fine he ' s fine he s talks about you guys a lot i ' m sorry he doesn ' t have any contact with you guys does he? but we we discuss the family every time we see each other and that ' s not for you to apologise for and equally it ' s not for us to apologise for it ' s just how how it
678. hope so oh god the twenty - fifth as well? it says it says fam i never got to see the photos it says i know we ' ll have to do it next time it says family and first but i just put oh maybe just draw an arrow like sorry i ' m talking to you and i ' m not concentrating properly what ' s family? what does family mean? family ' s
679. have to do it next time it says family and first but i just put oh maybe just draw an arrow like sorry i ' m talking to you and i ' m not concentrating properly what ' s family? what does family mean? family ' s your family name oh right i ' m doing this all wrong family and then what was that meant to be? first? can i lie about my age?
681. says family and first but i just put oh maybe just draw an arrow like sorry i ' m talking to you and i ' m not concentrating properly what ' s family? what does family mean? family ' s your family name oh right i ' m doing this all wrong family and then what was that meant to be? first? can i lie about my age? yeah so just family do you mean
683. sorry i ' m talking to you and i ' m not concentrating properly what ' s family? what does family mean? family ' s your family name oh right i ' m doing this all wrong family and then what was that meant to be? first? can i lie about my age? yeah so just family do you mean surname and forename? yeah it does it it does it it does it
684. mean? family ' s your family name oh right i ' m doing this all wrong family and then what was that meant to be? first? can i lie about my age? yeah so just family do you mean surname and forename? yeah it does it it does it it does it wrong is that your middle name? oh yeah can you tell them to change these forms? oh i thought it
688. yeah yeah no ' s the same? would l would like more yeah he would i think he feels like two ' s a cop out it ' s lovely but he feels like three or four is family he needs a big family and i ' m like and i ' m actually come down to it but financially it ' s nice we can go on nice holidays mm we can do all our you know going
690. works extremely horrendous hours so long hours they don ' t see that side of it but you know he tries to only now work up till saturday afternoon so at least we ' ve got family quality time but he does work yeah extreme but there are there ' s times when we do worry wwork ' s not coming in you know and everything and yeah well you need the money you got a
697. silver car mm i ' ll miss joey but it ' s also is this the name you ' ve decided to give to our car? yeah i will miss our car it ' s been a good family car we need to unpack everything and make sure it ' s clean yes yes i was too yeah do you know what you guys could do? what? next week which would be very helpful straight after
699. s not here say some jazz this is very angel shut up they ' re a bit yeah they ' re not fucking female judge i know about the side i think really look like that kid from modern family enormous ah the plus is fucking but like i think it ' s like nice for like internet got confused but six plus is like don ' t you think you ' ve had a bit too much wine already
702. but we ' re technically a greenhouse so if we go over the limit then we have to pay what? yeah but the the hou the limit is erm is is the same limit for a family of six so we have so i ' ve checked it out yeah so i think it basically don ' t leave like lights on of a night or tvs or tvs yeah it ' s basic stuff
707. did she go and then come back and then go again like? cos she was waiting for the guy to come to the door chinese stop being a dick come on smoke smoke it ' s like family guy smoke erm put it on the side let ' s have a cigarette and then we ' ll eat and play yeah? oh erm has chosen? yeah i did they i got accused of cheating
708. i love you it wasn ' t me minti er nicked two extra ones and gave them to me and minti did? yeah ha silly man silly egg stealer sunny and shay from the family so you can have one thank you thank you for giving me that unless has has got cos i didn ' t respond to your er facebook ' s got it so i don ' t you know what
709. got it so i don ' t you know what he ' s like with easter eggs he is going to eat it so he got himself a flake one the best one sunny and shay from the family bought thirty easter eggs and signed them all happy easter from sunny and shay for everyone in ugh that smells well it does it was just it was just ridiculous i think it was a really sweet thing to
710. ' s got a he ' s got a bag through there because lamb has always been like been made in the factory i ' ve just gone off lamb i only really started eating lamb through ' s family mm cos they make lamb stable door and i ' ve kind of grown to actually quite like it hello hey evening evening all evening all you alright? are you alright? good to see you you too
714. you live living on the edge you ' ve lived in all your life okay and now you ' ve? i ' ve never left erm have you did you go out from? i all my family are from a erm a three hundred yard that ' s not fair radius one spot seriously? they ' ve never they pardon? why do you silly question but i mean i can answer why but no
715. of it ' s a non - perfect venture i really haven ' t been killed recently just in the last three years eh i can ' t remember how many yeah see now this just reminds me of family guy mm that is quite one of the best trailers sorry not trailers title sequences that i ' ve ever seen it gets better mm murdering people? that ' s em no that ' s a john lewis one
723. months or something and she said we planned his final months mm and facebook wasn ' t a part of that plan so mm i read a rea a good thing in the guardian it was in the family bit do you want these? no thanks and it was about like almost like your digital death oh like what you need to do for that but what er what i did then is i posted on there saying
724. do for that but what er what i did then is i posted on there saying and i couldn ' t say her name cos everyone would know oh right i said er someone from er er his family ' s family er asked us to stop posting on there and they ' ll be making an announcement soon and didn ' t wanna upset them cos they ' d have all left yeah mm and they '
727. there was er an announcement from his daughters saying about the funeral and the arrangements and not mentioning at all her oh right you know god knows what er what the story was it was a thing from the family you know yeah the daughters but i mean she wasn ' t mentioned anywhere so whether she had made all this up or it can be a bit weird when people don ' t check this er a woman i
728. go and stay in whenever so lucky so lucky you never saw it did you? did this sounds nice a wine bar al bottegon not far from the academia bridge mm join the locals at this family run specialist wine cellar that serves excellent prosecco at a stand up bar nice simple nibbles to accompany the wine include tomato della sausage and panini filled with prosciutto or local salami
733. your mm the circumstance but there er i think there was possibly more that was e expected you ' d ' ve had to had to muck in too on things like whatever the businesses were like your family that ran a farm or yeah that ' s right or might get you would be mucking in as well so i think erm mm mm that ' s right that ' s right but it is but
734. ##m you know? you see can ' t do that she ' s got to have these yeah problems if you like you know? yeah erm and and yet erm they ' re ' s family so you know yeah there are ' s family you know? yeah erm and erm part of him that er er it ' s like see when phoned him and instead of saying he was fine
735. do that she ' s got to have these yeah problems if you like you know? yeah erm and and yet erm they ' re ' s family so you know yeah there are ' s family you know? yeah erm and erm part of him that er er it ' s like see when phoned him and instead of saying he was fine he said oh i ' m a terri i
737. of you yeah and sometimes there ' ve been bits down there sometimes bits up there you know? yeah erm they erm and that ' s what i love being being in the middle of a family for yeah yeah it is interesting right it is it ' s it yeah it ' s fascinating yeah absolutely fascinating that erm erm yeah i hope i hope that er all of them that they can they
741. t think they like me either erm i don ' t think they like my brother and they don ' t like my mum oh erm so so why do you go cos they ' re family? er cos it ' s my dad not all of them only some of them oh right yeah yeah i like some i like my cousins i love my cousins erm ah do you ever have one
749. there and then she was not there yeah and mm erm and then uu somebody who she attached herself yes onto really yes to feel like she was almost in the gang was yes part of a family group yes and then that was taken away well she was so lucky to have you still well she ' s she and i speak every day on the telephone do you? yeah every morning and erm she
755. downloaded it ' s well well good i love spartacus i ' m in my mum ' s car i ' m in my mum ' s knickers itch itch oh dear ' s family like is genuinely the weirdest family ever they do everything together yep let ' s have a family bash kiki let ' s have kiki kiki only with my family though is he on holiday still
761. ##m er it ' s brilliant how much is it per night? okay yeah shall i put that? shall i put that how much do you pa how much do you charge for wa for visits? family visits no i won ' t because they they haven ' t got the same kind of sense of humour have they? she ' d probably think oh no they want to pay us i ' ll put looking
762. h in he the radio in here yeah oh or the kitchen i ' m talking about the radio in in the dining room in the dining in the in the little room in the little room sorry the family room right that ' s the radio that ' s what i mean that play cassettes and the cassettes u had it that ' s new yeah that is yeah yeah it ' s four years no i
764. wouldn ' t have really been appropriate for them to live together right so he was staying in a hotel or something while she stayed with her mum right and they sort of met okay and i think the family accepted it but they had to go through the motions of oh it ' s just a friendship or i don ' t really know oh okay right but then erm he lived with the girl ' s granny
768. terms that it is yeah articulate terminology mm and she told me more about him that he ' s all of these series about illegitimacy so he ' s he ' s researched the family like so she ' s researched the family and she ' s done an incredible job on it and she ' s done it for her own interest to see whether she can locate this these s from one particular
775. carry on cos i i ' m i ' m engrossed and i think granny could have been getting a little bit wayward in london yes so she needed somewhere with a little bit more family connection yeah but not no that makes perfect sense so so was almost a happy medium between and london? absolutely put a bit of distance between you and the gossip mongers yes that ' s exactly right and
779. been a brother or sister yeah relatives but though my granny didn ' t have any brothers or sisters so erm not quite sure how that works out but but in those days and especially certain types of family yeah the typical thing to do would be if you were having a change in your life would be affiliate yourself to exactly a relative yes and i know lots of people who do that now yeah yeah like oh
783. and i said wouldn ' t it be nice if we could all keep in contact and just update each everyone er now and then you know to sort of keep everyone yeah in the loop yeah as a family sort of thing and you know what? no response at all absolutely none none from which wasn ' t expecting to but nothing from my father nothing and not even absolutely reply oh thanks no kiss nothing how long
799. a message from your computer you know? no i can ' t cos i haven ' t got the latest telephone number i want to see who are his real family yeah yeah i know ' s family were a family that obviously they dumped him they still want me to go around no that ' s not cool that ' s not cool apparently do they? that is definitely mm not allowed well er how would
800. your computer you know? no i can ' t cos i haven ' t got the latest telephone number i want to see who are his real family yeah yeah i know ' s family were a family that obviously they dumped him they still want me to go around no that ' s not cool that ' s not cool apparently do they? that is definitely mm not allowed well er how would feel about that
801. skill to have what? what? be able to eat a shitload i don ' t want to eat a shitload why? like when i went to when i was in istanbul with ' s family the only way they were that you could sort of get em to like like you is if you eat so much of their food yeah no that ' s true that is a really good skill if you if
804. she got a boyfriend? no why i ask i should imagine that you kind of made that a bit difficult i mean the fact that you ' re no but are you just mates? grooming her family yeah why do you act like a married couple then? that ' s it yeah why why is it why wwhy is she dropping her? clothes all over the house? don ' t know gotta
805. punctuation last term for my grown - up students on apostrophes? er no no no not er no full stops commas semicolons and colons and do you know what family i used to represent the different ones? us? the simpsons so homer simpson is the full colon cos it ' s a kind of a big pause i think yeah a big pause i ' ll have
807. working class and all his family he ' s one of seventeen mm hm blimey great at christmas presents ooh great christmas and it must eat up most of your salary no? presents for the family? i don ' t know i mean eh they didn ' t have salaries they used cos four or five of them they used to sleep in the shed in the garden there wasn ' t enough room
808. he didn ' t he died when he was forty - eight forty - eight so em so i remember it cos it ' s the same day my finals started at university oh no yes so the family came i thought they were coming to see me and they said so i had to go back and i had two of my final exams they came up i had a week i was going to do revision had
817. really appreciate what you ' ve done i said it was just the walk he said i know but yes but it ' s boxing day and people don ' t make time for yeah people outside of the family on boxing day i thought well anyway well i thought about i but she was quite upset and organising friday night like for you me and again round mine mm for a glass of wine or whatever but i didn
818. yeah and she got a smile and bright sparkly eyes when she was telling me so all the body language was right but they yes but they er and his dad were having a christmas day with people family over that ' s right on boxing day so yeah he had nothing really particularly to go home to cos his dad was out at friends or something yeah cos he goes to friends for christmas day so
820. but they were very friendly with them because of they she they brought the photo album out to show me various people in their the sort of children that and the s were featuring in a lot of the family photographs so you know there ' s and and so they were really friendly with them and they lived next door right next door there and erm said i ' m i ' m not sure when they moved
824. outside waiting you know that ' s what you do you don ' t actually try and be the centre of attention at somebody else ' s wedding cos the centre of attention is actually the bride and family mm you are just you know as a guest you ' re along to make it go well but but came alon i don ' t know the whole thing she was hyper i thought and yeah and very
825. and is still obviously very bitter yes i think she ' s that sort of person but as a shock to her well it is difficult isn ' t it? mm if you build your life around a family and someone goes pear shaped but you know if he didn ' t feel the right way about her any longer he was doing her a favour really you know i think he looked at it he ' s going
828. oh we ' d we ' d like to remain a friend yes i ' d like to get him a nice er car i ' m just gonna give him the spare one thing is well i thought family when you do things like that people look at you doing it and think ah that ' s so sweet that ' s just if i did it they ' d go tight bitch yeah but he knows i haven
830. say have you got any holidays booked? i ' d say have yeah cos you can ' t help holidays yes yeah it ' s the twentieth of janua are you are you trying for a family? for a fortnight i don ' t think you can ask that but er no i know they should be able to i thought you were going for a week i didn ' t realise you were going
831. it behind or take it with you yeah then yeah mm but then is there space in your life in spain for an umbrella that sparks joy? it doesn ' t rain in spain mainly on the plane family in andalusia will never end oh dear yeah right what time is it for a wander or a coffee or a tea or a no i ' m alright on the beverage front it ' s three thirty
832. and that just takes away all value yeah it yeah exactly like as an indian being at those festivals i just felt like it ' s almost disrespecting right what my culture is and my family and my religion ' s about exactly like i i i i do understand why it ' s kind of weird uhu because the thing is so something like yoga has been so divorced with actual with what yoga
835. of greece and romans and yeah i know portuguese most people did well accoraccording to yeah but appaapparently according to mm according to ' s mum and all of ' s family and our history teacher the portuguese were the first the portuguese brought perhaps they brought that erm the international kind of trade of slaves to the world which which ' d be sounds correct mm yes and that was
839. yes well yeah particularly if they ' re not from army families cos i mean it does tend to be yes particularly families well particularly the officers tends to be in the family doesn ' t it? family yes yeah that ' s right but the the regular soldiers they need that input from someone when they ' re still quite young to know if oh that ' s for me or that ' s not for me
844. buy the same thing eight times though? well i we stopped there it is we stopped buying presents for individuals and we were just like right let ' s just do secret santa buy for one like one family member there it is where ' s it gone? there it is oh where ' s it gone? yeah and make it a nice thing rather than like eight pieces of tat yeah one nice thing how
845. i read a thing when a load of girls came and she made them a massive bubunch of brownies so maybe she like tailotailors it to people we look like a carrot cake family carrot cake family it was lovely it still is lovely it ' s still there mm cheese below the burger is quite a controversial choice yeah it ' s yeah talk me through that decision well i was hoping it
846. thing when a load of girls came and she made them a massive bubunch of brownies so maybe she like tailotailors it to people we look like a carrot cake family carrot cake family it was lovely it still is lovely it ' s still there mm cheese below the burger is quite a controversial choice yeah it ' s yeah talk me through that decision well i was hoping it might have melted
847. all the very best to baby jesus oh no wait which one was this? well we can put to baby may he the second coming are you having any kind of like naming day or? we the family have asked us a little bit yeah are you interested in anything like that? erm circumcision said he was going for we don ' t we ' re not sort of we ' re not
848. day but i think just having a ceremony for the sake of it i don ' t know yeah i think presents though my brother ' s probably having a naming day so you ' re just having a family party welcoming him to the world yeah well that ' s a good point there ' s also a dress that you ' re supposed to wear in the middle of or gown that has been in our fa in
850. day but the naming day thing like my my both my niece and nephew had one is was just a bit daft because it all started it was just gonna be in the pub just ever all the family together which sounded lovely and then they said a bit like oh do you want to kind of be the cos you ' re you like chatting and you ' ll quite happily stand up in front of people
851. was like we ' re here today with it ' s like you don ' t know the kid at all like and you ' re talking about him when the whole point it just was bit weird a family member could just go up do a better job yeah choose their own reading not have it this erm what ' s the word? prescribed for you mm it just seemed a bit mad when save yourself a
852. a conversation where they went well because we don ' t actually believe in organised religion they wouldn ' t have had that conversation i just think it ' s nice to have a bit of a party where family gets together and everyone gets to see the baby yeah you don ' t need someone to organise it do you? i yeah exactly it doesn ' t need it was all a bit daft the kind of
853. that at kfc though cos you always used to go in at kfc it used to open at eleven and you always used to get people coming in at eleven o ' clock getting a a family bucket at eleven really? yeah honestly i ' m not even kidding i used and apparently i heard somewhere some kfcs they do a breakfast like you get chicken and egg in a wrap urgh no
854. do they? no they don ' t and it was just really weird like you know you just literally open up you ' re tired you go in and oh yeah can i get an eight eight piece family bucket please like it ' s eleven o ' clock you why? you weirdos get a life probably just only just got up eh not got up just going to bed yeah just about to go to bed
855. one ' s ever been prosecuted yeah or investigated and apparently it happens to like thousands of girls every year in the uk over there really? not by doctors necessarily like most of the time by you know family members or mm and stuff like that erm but there was this man ' s been bought to court been brought to court and he ' s been acquitted and the question on jeremy vine was whether this is
857. would be up quite high at three thousand feet? would it be a raven? kites? no it was either it was one of those those was it or was it black? no? that family was it? yeah mm i think i think said it was a raven it was up quite high yeah? need to look up the difference between ravens rooks and crows? and between crows mm mm yeah
858. to him properly oh of course i haven ' t seen you since the wedding how was it? busy very busy yeah um good though? nice wedding? no some nice wedding some kicking off with the family? yeah kicking off with staff cos basically the the f and b staff weren ' t on the ball at all so but yeah his his reaction wasn ' t warranted at all we had the security
859. somewhere to live er and er the state would pay the rent for him but it needed to be a private landlord and blah blah blah and so he moved in with her erm and you know her family were going well what about all of these you know all of these sexual assaults? and do you not feel threatened? and she was like oh god i didn ' t even that didn ' t even cross
865. that ' s all it is just to check you ' ve got the lung capacity to deal with an inhaler well apparently eh when was it? last week or the week before was at a family do no i think it was over the weekend and was at a family do and all of her family were smoking but she didn ' t good it was very proud of her good but so she ' s
873. say yeah to not take her for granted and to appreciate what she ' s got yeah well that ' s the thing cos you would think that having spoken to you know once or twice about your family situation the thought would ' ve occurred actually d ' you know i haven ' t had half as much drama with my family as i ' ve as ' s had with hers maybe i should be a bit
875. a good situation very very strange i ' m gonna fill this with the okay and i will get the thing for the gravy yeah that type of mentality i saw in earlier today but so family? yeah shit played there um he said oh well my dad ' s i can ' t believe he didn ' t come over at four and i was like yeah i said you know it ' s pretty
876. harry no absolutely wi wise words wise words buggers i ' m going to have a very quick shower and then come and check on this that sounds wise you may see if there ' s a good family movie yeah i ' ll see what i can find on there if not you ' re gonna have to enact something for me for my own entertainment a play well i think it ' s going going to
877. there ' s ' s just put through a whole load of stuff i ' ve got almost identical load of stuff in my barrow how can they possibly think yeah they must think they ' re a funny family he buys his own look perhaps they perhaps they just only eat their own probably goes home do you know what we had a couple came through but but people say people know that you ' re together and people
880. york actually did you? first time yeah that ' s it no yeah we it was either new york or chicago we flew to no we flew to chicago so that was a long journey was that a family trip? no no that was a student you know working ow we we everybody at that time went away from the three or four months during the summer and they worked abroad oh right right and america was the
882. rough play which doesn ' t and that ' s why she doesn ' t bond as much with the two grandads yeah mm yeah cope mm mm i was giggling with that when we all had that family day mm and we got the hungry hippo out dad was actually genuinely competitive against yeah two years old it ' s quite bad he ' s like really trying to win it ' s like dad you have
883. about three or four o ' clock in the afternoon so that ' s really nice i can have a lazy day mm and i think she ' ll probably just stay till friday because she ' s got family stuff on yeah yeah i can imagine and then i ' ve got saturday sunday monday just to catch up with sleep and potter about yeah and come over here one day mm erm so you aren ' t
884. like to do it cos he never used to so i feel he ' s really attached himself now mm well although he ' s settled ages ago i mean it ' s that kind of attachment to family to the person who owns you to a degree i mean cats don ' t really have that the same as dogs do they? they don ' t have that unconditional love for their family the way
886. he ' s in hospital yeah it ' s the best place for him it isn ' t like he ' s sort of wandering around the streets is it? no some people when like when their like family are ill they become quite like yeah they lose not lose their priority but they kind of just they go a bit crazy themselves don ' t they? she ' s lost it i think i mean lost her
888. would just stop in that doorway never in my bedroom just that room yeah i just don ' t like it maybe someone ' s died in there before well i don ' t know because this was a family home and like the amount of generations that people have lived and died here but i don ' t cos wh didn ' t didn ' t you convert it when you moved here weren ' t it
890. so strong here but in japan it ' s not that unknown okay mm and i think it ' s an ageing thing mm but i ' m close to my you know brother in a way a family member and then you know and then my news gets circulated through him in a way mm so there is kind of you know indirect mm contact with the rest of my family i just see my brother or i
892. alcohol alcohol yeah so it just seemed bizarre that you would have like this little wake in a pub yeah so basically once you all got there and everybody started to have a drink it was just like a family get together people just down the pub down the pub yeah and that was it no more there was no more tears me you know like my mum said said said you would have thought that someone would have spoke
893. oh it yeah it was just weird it was and the way the actual buildings are you are outside yeah then you ' re sort of standing round going well what do? i ' ll wait for the family to turn up yeah yeah but they can ' t talk to everyone no erm and of course they ' re emotionally overladen anyway and then you get in there and the something happens that takes you
896. i mean the the downside i suppose with the with the erm being you know erm buried is that you actually have to wait around for a slot yes that can be hard going for the family erm yeah it just depends on where your local kind of burial you know ground or your local cemetery would be but it ' s it ' s a bit yeah that can be problematic mm mm yeah yeah
897. my friend who is a really good friend well we all used to go to school together it was ' s mum who died but who i know and she went out there to spend some time on a family holiday and erm she yeah she did make a few comments and was like right g and t sort of at about eleven in the morning kind of thing yeah oh but quite outwardly about it not like
898. know in people ' s houses oh gosh and they they they ' re in you know there they have to clean it up i mean they have to make it erm for the families so the family haven ' t got any idea what ' s actually happened no because you can ' t be having that sort of thing so i can see why they get paid quite a bit of money well no yeah yeah
899. bit because if they ' re not there wow there ' s going to be all hell to pay because you know you know you can ' t even get the coffin you can ' t even ask the family to carry it unless they particularly wanted to you know but not really no yeah yeah yeah no yeah yeah no i don ' t think there ' s many people that do it now do they? that '
900. a a pot to pee in you know if you hadn ' t been able to get a grant how the hell could you have done it? wouldn ' t have been able to well no unless the family co would have had some it would have had well it would have had to have been a family loan all the family chipping in or a bank loan yeah some people have to get bank loans but you
901. how the hell could you have done it? wouldn ' t have been able to well no unless the family co would have had some it would have had well it would have had to have been a family loan all the family chipping in or a bank loan yeah some people have to get bank loans but you know i just kind of think whoa you know i mean i don ' t know i don '
902. you have done it? wouldn ' t have been able to well no unless the family co would have had some it would have had well it would have had to have been a family loan all the family chipping in or a bank loan yeah some people have to get bank loans but you know i just kind of think whoa you know i mean i don ' t know i don ' t i i '
903. stressed out but he was stressed that morning the reason why was because he had another funeral service that very morning and the person who said that they would organise the flowers hadn ' t so this was a family member who had just obviously forgotten to organise the flowers so he was having to do it now right yeah so he was all in a panic and then anyway he came out and he was having his little cigar
904. oh he said oh yes they do and and we have to you know present the body he used very sort of grave words but you know the body needs to be presentable at all hours for any family member far or wide who ' d flown in from new zealand or whatever and had only five minutes to go and say goodbye whatever you know and i was like oh mm mm mm yeah so they have to
905. ' s life that you think that they want that with them you know i ' m like okay she ' s dead but alright i can sort of buy it that maybe it ' s more for the family to think that it ' s quite comforting mm yeah yeah mm mm and er so i said oh right well i i and i pulled pulled out cos i didn ' t know what to bring so i
909. of oh well that ' s life just yeah just it ' s all going to pass i ' ve always always said to my girls i said you don ' t have to it ' s like with family i said you don ' t have to like them no but you should always love them yeah erm which we do get quite a lot of in our fam it ' s like with i mean i
912. of f fellas and i think one of them is her father or uncle or something do you mean she ' s not even employing anybody to do it? no i think she ye i think her family ' s doing it for her why? well she ' s working all the time yeah but why but nag but er if she can afford why can ' t she afford to get one of the many
914. to do with it but i ' m like and then because that ' s a lot of money that is a lot of money like we probably wouldn ' t even put that in for like no a family me obviously you guys would be different i know but for like a family member yeah well that ' s the thing i was i was speaking to about it and she goes well i was at her she was
920. you not? not over christmas i mea i ' m with the girl all the time yeah but would you not like to have her with you? it ' s you that wants her up for family reasons not her well i ' d like to get to know her hello auntie hiya hiya alright? give us a big hug then no sheep today? sheep how are you doing? he '
939. so relaxed with her and well i ' m glad you two get along just yeah i hope she did with me too but she ' s i know she did she ' s i just she thinks my family are very talkative and very chatty oh that ' s nice to get on with but erm it was lovely really enjoyed it it was just nice to go up to the park and you were lovely
941. we had nescafe did you? well what year mm was that then? that was erm sixty - nine where did you find nescafe? i didn ' t buy it but the family seemed to have it it ' s who you know isn ' t it? i used to take it back in my suitcase with sausages and you never had butter except that special corfu kerky
943. forget about my father mm i have mm they ' ve got muddled it ' s really frustrating you should write it down yeah we should write it down cos mm what an amazing and there are family though on the internet you can find ships with the lists of the passengers on them that came back they can ' t find a name on any of those but mm she was a happy person didn ' t
953. we went to london for the night that ' s right cos they were yeah they were there wasn ' t they? they were there but the last time we all went and saw them as a family was when we went to france together which was two thousand and ten cos it was just after dad ' s funeral is that the post? no i ' ve had my post oh it ' s mm
954. they choose it right i think they find it yeah all a bit too much to mm so they ' ll happily on christmas eve you know be picked up and taken and and mm say hello to the family but no that ' s h that ' s how they like it now mm that ' s their choice cos they ' re quite doddery but yeah so mum ' ll go to and er yeah and
955. excited about no no i know but no i mean i don ' t know what they want but no we ' ll just no i mean to be honest with you that ' s probably gonna be our family christmas present isn ' t it? well yeah yeah because even though we ' re we ' re not really paying for accommodation although i think it would be nice to have a a a couple of nights in
956. ' ll be the same this sunday what it what perhaps you might have to do is maybe once every six weeks or something just cross the calendar through yeah and not yeah so at least you get a family day yeah yeah the pressure ' s off of him well we never get a family day because he plays football mm but at least it ' s not all day i mean i said i ' d go and
961. pressure off the two of t the couple exactly and when that ' s somebody that and dad ' s perfect for that yes exactly and er and whether it ' s somebody that ' s as close as family or somebody else that you build into your life to allow that well think about all that and and blah de blah and yes of cour and they ' re all examples of exactly the same thing yeah you
962. about a week up in or just under i dunno lost mm track yeah and then at my parents for a couple of days as well over in new year so mm we ' ve done the full family experience you ' re like year yeah that was a bit more tea drinky wasn ' t it? well in some do like a good walk yeah like we saw friends and yeah things so erm saw
964. the way back we decided to cement it by giving him a christmas card oh crikey it ' s true saying thank you for the yummy milk moo moo thanks like you know beyond family member - ish did we actually send any christmas cards slash did you send any that i wasn ' t aware of? yes there we go then i made it completely random who got christmas cards from us
968. that you can pick here yeah yeah mm mm what dad had gone out picking? well i think mm we all did oh there ' s enough for two isn ' t there? yeah yeah like the family they have mm sort of you know the street i grew up on had loads of erm it was built on an old orchid and there were loads of victoria plum trees in people ' s back garden so
975. he was in star wars oh right but he ' s a really really good actor that was about the maori communities in auckland yeah and it ' s about eh it was actually about child abuse within the family there for okay but it was a very interesting film but quite violent was it it was set it ' s a really famous em once we were warriors yeah it ' s really famous that and whale rider i
976. er erm mum and i and all the nurs that ' s hard isn ' t it? er yeah it it was really hard but a ccouple of my sisters and that lot the family everyone came to see him cos we knew it was that point you know got a hospital bed in for him erm so everyone came and had a bit of time with him yeah even when he was
981. ' ll he can hear you and if he ' s there in drifting in and out of sleep and consciousness as such then and he hears you all laughing and chatting that to him is the fa happy family home and that will actually make him happy so keep doing that you know just carry on oh and she said sometimes we go in houses and everyone ' s so sad and they ' re crying yeah other houses
982. way somebody actually decided er obviously er for a funeral you raise money don ' t you? for one and donations yeah so you didn ' t have flowers? just er donations? yeah and just did family flowers what we actually did was erm mum did a spray and then the children we all cos there ' s seven kids between them yeah erm we just did one nice big spray and then we
983. methodist church we did they do the cremation first yeah and then you go to the methomethodist church for a celebration of life oh okay that sounds nice so yeah so it was family only up at the crematorium and then we went to the the celebration of life at the church that they go to right yeah oh s oh that ' s lovely and we di we collected money for
986. yesterday we went to the space show and she was like oh no you should have waited for me to come i would have loved to come with you guys we could have like done it on like a family day out and that kind of stuff like and i was just like no actually it was like a date day and like yeah it might have been sad but yeah me and my boyfriend enjoy doing that kind of
987. but she got back on the sunday and i left tuesday morning she got back sunday afternoon we had monday together that monday i specifically said to people don ' t come over i ' m having my last family day at home me and were just like watching having like a harry potter marathon doing puzzles cos you know i ' m sad mm erm at home and she was popping in and out seeing other people
990. t it? oh yeah i keep forgetting it ' s friday so it just really annoyed me and i was just eleven weeks just i know it ' s hard like and there ' s always gonna be family members that my mum says yeah like when she was saying oh i haven ' t seen him for and then she time and i was thinking well bloody come around more often yeah this is the first time you
991. the that was the that was the primary school primary up to age eleven yes i was at mm which was a bit rough well i lived erm i lived at the bottom of in yeah and my family all went to right and then i had an aunt and uncle who lived just a bit up the road on that estate and my dad went to erm the school that was in the middle of that estate
993. ' s actually an island now and it is called well there used to be a farriers there and that was my mum ' s family ' s farriers right and she lived well the family on which doesn ' t exist any more and she lived in a street just up and it was a big family that all lived around this square and right most of the brothers were working in the farrier
1002. but you have obviously given it some extensive thought and what i ' m trying to say is that like maybe i ' m just maybe i ' m just in me own little world like but all me family ' s like this as well me dad ' s like this he ' s got like a a sort of grasp on what ' s happening but not not necessarily like like if me dad sees this thing that
1004. amount of money on benefits benefits yeah like thirteen babies and i thought that it ' s it ' s affluent to have a lot yeah because obviously you ' re spreading uh y y you spread your your family and that that includes not just your genes but obviously you ' re spreading your uh y y culture as w like your yeah if you have a family that ' s successful then obviously the more in it then
1012. same guy who erm who i think has swindled me of yeah two thousand six hundred rial yeah sorry two thousand six hundred dollars but also you assume when things like that happened and the family is stealing from us same uncle that ' s weird you let them get away with it but that was small that was small things it was toilet paper it wasn ' t all yours well no the toilet paper
1013. or can you just take those? yes because that ' s actually ' s and she might like a cup of that later it it ' s probably indicative of his underlying dishonesty yeah and your family friend was very disrespectful as well which one? that old woman oh there that that woman and got away with it when we went to their house? yeah she was a fucking bitch
1017. yeah i have a different we had a conversation the other day where you started defending it yeah er and you know were all uppity about it well because and then because i just look at my family you don ' t know anything about it i look at my family yeah this is what i mean that are muslim it ' s part of your culture because it ' s part of your family background yeah i
1026. i don ' t know really whether either of them well i suppose was but isn ' t really or wasn ' t i think he ' s changed a lot wasn ' t really kind of a reliable family man shall we say right he has changed for the better over the years but i mean their relationship now i ' ve known them two now it ' s been volatile for quite some time for for years co
1030. mean we ' re very lucky we found it ' s a bed and well bed and breakfast for want of a better expression but really they they sort of treat you like you ' re part of the family you know? it ' s a lovely lovely place that ' s nice and they ' ve just added a jacuzzi for sprig this year just in time for us to go up yey
1032. they could leave also if they if they had a job at christmas time oh i see and they only they could only leave if they got a job mm and we finished up with eight and then big family isn ' t it? yeah but then look this is how this is how i come to get a job in engineering because mm the the headmaster he said uh come with me i think i got a job
1034. sleep a bowl of pasta and a good night ' s sleep so i ' m going by myself but another friend of ours she said she felt she should go and support erm and none of her family wanted to go so i said well you can come with me there you go but i said to you know is it one of those do we need partners? no no no there ' s lots of mum
1039. do you know what i mean? no it ' s gonna be intense you ' re not going to do a and like pop out to the kfc or whatever i think i ' ll get a family bucket no no definitely not it ' s a good one got to be there so we did this erm nct course which is the national childbirth trust and it ' s an antenatal course oh
1042. long that ' d be it yeah but it cos you can ' t remember anything started about the history of the erm it ' s the first time in her life she ' s been short family home at and she ' d written that and then they they persuaded her to expand it a bit and she wrote what what she called the diary of an ordinary person was a lovely little title yeah which then
1045. don ' t think but my dad loves cheese and i had this i had this fake uncle who came to our house in malaysia who stayed there for a while fake? like fake fake erm like family friend yeah like family friends you call uncle oh yeah yeah yeah and like he erm it ' s not real fake sorry go on remember like remember ex - uncle yeah like erm ah he he used
1049. to know with her isn ' t it? difficult to know whether she ' s lying or not yeah but she ' ll have to prove it in writing now mm so shitting hell you ' re family eh fucking nutters aren ' t they? the lot of them but the thing is it ' s for you like there ' s no sort of relief there ' s no let up i mean obviously you
1051. ' m not fussed she ' s alright we ' re we ' re good to go at the end of the day none of these are moving out i ' m not moving out it ' s family innit really so you might as well yeah yeah but i ' m not on facebook or got a phone number i ' m not on facebook you ' ve got a phone number i haven ' t got
1054. yeah yeah so they they erm are really heavily influential on you but because they ' re so influential on your development it ' s actually bidirectional because they are actually influential on the immediate family as well yep so so for example oh so the child is indirectly affecting itself? yeah by affecting those around it? exactly so all good gifts around us mm sent so a bad marriage from heaven above a
1057. there ' d be those different forces going mm in my it cos er iit ' s possible unless there was ample contact with parents is it could cause erm disachment from the actual family and that can create issues mm yeah with children erm angsty issues yeah definitely i was thinking erm yesterday about how a boarding environment yeah yeah mm like really makes what do you think that happens in
1063. we need to get rid of stuff we need to get rid of stuff not keep it and i ' m like no there ' ll be a reason why we keep it someone will need it in the family might need it if he comes back home might need it if he he ' s never coming back don ' t do it i thought i thought if he doesn ' t come home this time then it '
1067. kept saying stop it what are you doing? stop it yeah so it was really nice yeah ah it was really nice and we ' ve got it all on camera and stuff why not mummy? the family not that you haven ' t been for the last so many years but er no i know but maybe this year it will be like yeah well as you say you know you feel committed and together and married
1070. ' re walking into no but it ' s not just her everything it ' s her friends her family yeah her dad could be a complete nutter no yeah yeah see i had these visions that the family had locked him up inside sorry you sound like you know what i ' m like i ' ve got a vivid imagination yeah i get i got worried in korea every time cos we were very rarely apart
1071. i ' d like to find out how you are alright sweetheart bye that ' s your auntie i haven ' t seen her for a while no but maybe in the summer we ' ll do a family party shall we? erm and get erm to meet all the monsters is he living in your house now? i don ' t really know you don ' t know? i mean he has a
1072. your work crosses over yeah and you can probably interest each other in various things anyhow it ' s lovely to see you thank you for lunch see you soon yeah see you soon and love to the family yep and make allowances for goodbye bye bye
1073. we just we can just talk naturally right? yeah it ' s funny though cos i ' ve i ' ve done that with erm er like other people like the family and everything and every time i say talk naturally they go oh it ' s weird isn ' t it? it ddoesn ' t matter as long as you ' re just talking erm there '
1075. sort of erm even go near that side of life erm yeah it was bad enough trying to take all of you up yeah on a train once a year yeah when you ' ve got the family railcard and each child went for a pound yeah er return it was fantastic yeah but erm but no erm yeah no i ' ve got i ' ve i hahad to buy a family and
1078. and because it ' s winter i can probably walk home every day might not want to in the morning but well if you can come christmas yes but no pressure cos that ' ll be a nice family christmas wouldn ' t it? yes it would be nice mm quite squashed after this just this big bend here a train is coming on time yeah think so quick roundabout watch out oh okay this way yes
1079. it ' s sh i it ' s weird though because she would tell that she wo i ' m taking her to a party in gre in devon and like in where? devon yeah like a family party thing and like it ' s sort of totally fucked like you can say that stuff like to people who like you don ' t know and whatever but it ' s really awkward for me and i '
1088. ##hereas others ' d just be like so ' ll know about your blog as well not all of them only a few oh yeah yeah but i think others do though like cos others are family it ' s so weird and i ' m just like oh god like i know that ' s the problem like when you have one friend who knows it just gets out and it ' s just horrible like
1090. evening like we ' ll have roast ham and stuff yeah yeah that ' s what we have and we ' ll have like snacks as well as that cos we usually have a little party with the family and then christmas day we ' ll have erm christmas dinner like the whole thing probably second helpings then in the evening we ' ll have like cake and whatever like yule log or something and then
1091. whole thing probably second helpings then in the evening we ' ll have like cake and whatever like yule log or something and then boxing day we ' ll have probably another roast mm in an different family ' s house and it ' s just oh my god food it ' s too much when you ' re talking about three roasts in the space of three days it ' s really awful ah wow that
1095. conversation with me about it anyway and then yeah at secondary school we had the same thing again and got free tampons which was a bonus and then my mum who had been long left in the family home by this time mm hm i remember her sitting me down and she said something along the lines of your tits will grow and you ' ll bleed don ' t get pregnant here ' s a claire ray
1101. good that ' s almost professional i said what the hell do you think i ' ve been doing for the last forty - nine years yeah i know you never get any er credence from your family do you? no no no nnone at all no no i ' m i i i mean i ' ve done with my art i ' ve done quite well and my b my my brother and
1104. don ' t have much contact with him now because they pretty much resent so oh it ' s another uh they will probably especially if they ' re female they would look at it as though their family was a prototype erm and he ' s now got a new family now this was the to block out all the wrinkles to save the family i think the main problem is with their uh now '
1106. re female they would look at it as though their family was a prototype erm and he ' s now got a new family now this was the to block out all the wrinkles to save the family i think the main problem is with their uh now ' s had three children and she ' s thinking well i wanted you to be a grandfather to my children and you ' ve barely got any time to
1112. but he got it from he knew back here in school he ' d always fancied her uh it wasn ' t reciprocated she was afraid it took a while he started working for family business uh it took a while before their relationship blossomed um and his position erm he rose through the ranks erm in the company there became three partners that ' s his father - in - law
1114. and go home oh no and where were you staying then? wasn ' t that a problem with your accommodation? with em family and friends and whoever anyone it ' s been so random from like close family to absolute randomness and there was one time actually in delhi when i i did i did get stuck and and because it was quite a sure safe seat and then what happened was there was fog and you
1116. know loads of flights were delayed and whatever what happened in this instance was that i ' d come from the punjab i ' d travelled down for five hours and friends not even my family friends of the family these like they had said oh you know they took me out for like nice dinner and they said you know cos it looked it was quite a clear flight and they said oh you know fine bye bye
1118. her thyroid so you know dodgy and that was a couple of weekends ago so i need to see her next weekend but that ' s so i don ' t take it lightly actually and my em family side we were very close to em em you know how it happens you know like my one of my dad ' s best friends his you know we and his wife my mum and dad were very good friends
1121. but the whole family just sort of fell apart no the dad was so in love with his wife that he just he was quite reclusive he just like lost the will to have any sort of family relationship now what a shame are you still in touch with them? i am with the youngest with my cousin and his sister they both sort of live em like they live quite close to my parents ' house
1126. s been just extended er didn ' t you have a gardener? yeah the driveway ' s huge as well so oh we ' ve got a huge driveway can you tell it used to be like a family home? does it feel like a family home? no they ' ve completely gutted it really? yeah they said they he said they completely gutted it cos they got it it was in a
1127. you have a gardener? yeah the driveway ' s huge as well so oh we ' ve got a huge driveway can you tell it used to be like a family home? does it feel like a family home? no they ' ve completely gutted it really? yeah they said they he said they completely gutted it cos they got it it was in a really bad shape so they just literally completely
1128. it really? yeah they said they he said they completely gutted it cos they got it it was in a really bad shape so they just literally completely it looks like it would be a nice family home yeah i i think everyone else in the street is families yeah the audrey hepburn picture ' s weird they found the audrey hepburn picture is that the one that was in the app? yeah mm it '
1130. wedding anniversary at yeah and and i can ' t go we sorted the christening out today we went up to oh sorry dad no you ' ve gotta go instead we went up to see represent the family we we sorted the christening out with oh excellent in the conservatory which they ' re refurbishing at the moment right so is that gonna be refurbished by the time we yes i think we '
1132. d know if they were ever needed yeah but yeah the only small bedrooms are the ones next to the bathrooms aren ' t they? yeah but then they seem a bit close they ' re to the family that ' s what i think i think they ' re too close cos they ' re normally separated out yeah and then it ' s obvious the stables have never been converted into rooms mm mm and there
1134. son cos she ' s really beautiful mm er so he gets really upset about how it ' s being treated oh right okay anyway yeah they get they take it back to the shop cos the family don ' t agree but the son gets so upset that he like chases after them and nearly dies in a car crash oh but somehow the robot saves them that sounds quite good yeah yeah mm so this it
1136. s gonna be linked to status and money so well there ' s dowry payments so oh right the guy has to actually pay and the oh the girls like for whatever reason or maybe it ' s the family i ' m never quite sure go for the highest bidder mm so then that ' s nasty that ' s not good that becomes something else then yeah but i i don ' t like that idea it
1137. ' t work out and i ' d say why and they would say it was usually the money they just mm asked for so much like they ' re really greedy who and who gets the money the family? the bride gets it the bride? but i wonder how much is actually given back to her parents yeah yeah it seems quite dodgy cos if the bride gets it and then they get married don
1138. you wouldn ' t think so and they never publish their divorce figures oh right like but yeah it ' s crazy crazy high mm mm yeah it ' s weird i reckon a lot of them though the family pressures them to get married the boys and the girls so they get married to keep them happy knowing they can get divorced within like a year or so yeah and then they can kind of be with probably the
1139. ##ful very yeah and that yeah yeah very but with the men oh it ' s really awful oh okay just just can ' t but they don ' t love their wife they marry her for kind of family reasons and yeah they don ' t really get on a lot of the time you know when it ' s strange yeah living together and then they might not it ' s strange isn ' t it? want
1140. they don ' t know how to relate to each other oh cos they ' re segregated you mean just with social situations and yeah yeah so then the first time they have a like a non - family member it ' s their wife if they ' ve never spent time with yeah so then it ' s gonna be awkward isn ' t it? yes it is very strange yeah for both sides yeah yeah especially
1143. wasn ' t right next to where they all lived either there was no you know they ' d actually made an effort to go to study at this place so now and then the the themes in the family so she ' s done this incredible amount of research she has teems and teems and teems of this stuff she ' s obviously somebody who likes that you know ancestry and everything mm she ' s
1144. know i think eighteen forties so i was there for a couple of hours and we weren ' t just talking about that but no no no it was quite like a nice way to learn about a family learning about her interests learning about where how to actually go about researching your family tree because it ' s not obvious especially when she started twenty - five years ago before all of these you know internet and oh
1154. as well like you know like sometimes you know when you ' re in a bad mood? sometimes you just wanna be in a bad mood and when you ' re in front of somebody else ' s family you can ' t just be in a shit mood like sometimes i i come home from work and i ' m not necessarily a bitch to but i literally just think i a i just wanna be in a
1156. and i can ' t have had two shit economic ones i get more out of this one than my fiesta lousy but then you sort of ask around and like you ' re asking like ' s family and it ' s all the same but then again they don ' t particularly drive a long way yeah i get erm so you se that ' s it it ' s cru i think that '
1157. i ' m into it now no that ' s prob oh do you want to do the last bit? mum? oh i missed gimme gimme gimme just one thanks do ' s family ever celebrate like christmas? er you know same traditions? yeah i don ' t actually er they have christmas trees stuff like that but they don ' t hathey don ' t have christmas dinner do they
1162. jumping in the deep end well she did a brilliant job didn ' t she in the end? well she jumped erm she did do you mean in a massive pool? or the diving pool the family pool? the the family pool well she was fine in the end which way did she jump in? on the other side? doesn ' t? she just where you used to jump when you were diving
1163. well she did a brilliant job didn ' t she in the end? well she jumped erm she did do you mean in a massive pool? or the diving pool the family pool? the the family pool well she was fine in the end which way did she jump in? on the other side? doesn ' t? she just where you used to jump when you were diving yeah and did a lot
1164. i know yeah i do miss having a close close friend i mean i ' ve got yeah which is ' s lovely but is like my sister really i feel bad really that she ' s she is family but i ' ve never really treated it her i mean i guess i think of her as family but yeah i haven ' t like so much treated her as family for a long time well i don '
1169. the boat whether you ' ve had training or not you know and you ' re trying to get into a an already very formed erm bonded tight - knit group yeah yes yes kind of like a family yes yeah yeah and nothing is more tight - knit than a tank crew but in a way i didn ' t think they were really really nasty to him what? in in a sense it was kind of
1170. one like that i think that ' s still there but the wo the woman who eh thingy she ' s sold it now the one who used to own it oh has she cos it was family a family owned thing mm she died she was very old yeah i was there once and seeing her in a big rolls royce it ' s the only thing worth going to in blackpool really there ' s the
1174. by the time i was your age capri do they do capri ' s any more? no i always hate capri ' s were always horrible cars they were sort of sports cars for the family you know oh sort of sporty but saloon do you wanna get another load of washing in? yeah but what ' s happening to it all cos i ' ve got to put it all away tumble
1192. ##i and a delicatessen in stratford mm erm my grandmother ' s father was a chauffeur in a stately home erm and actually worked in buckinghamshire when i when strand was her family where he was the chauffeur for for many years and then he had his own cargo his own cargo right after th after the war mm where erm erm which iit still exists but
1193. life is is great in th in the sense that the erm that ' s what a social condemnation and the covering up of things mm erm what edward norman called the secrets and narrow privacy in family life mm er are not nearly so s not nearly so so covered up as they as they once were yeah so much more healthy oh is going up this is supposed to be a quiet environment not as only
1199. she ' s lost both within erm six seven months so yeah really soon mm mm yeah but i was so glad to be there to sort of offer my support to erm and to see the family as well they ' re a lovely lovely family and the service was nice and a few people gave their eulogies and erm his grandson so ' s son is quite religious and he did a reading er
1201. ha ha but yeah mm it ' s funny what you say about you know going back and feeling sort of loved and appreciated and i think whenever i go home you know apart from sort of my immediate family it doesn ' t feel like that because mm and i think it ' s because we ' re all in our like early mid twenties and everyone ' s coming going leaving mm away and come back yeah er
1202. surprised how racist the chinese students were against indian people oh yeah i mean really really surprised yeah and i find if the chinese girl were to have a a black boyfriend they would be you know ashamed the family be very what a shame yeah like no i think you ' re right i mean er the teaching it ' s a lot of different skills that you ' re pulling together all the time mhm and even
1210. gonna feel so bad when they first listen to it i know erm so yeah it ' s a collaboration between them and lancaster where they want recordings of people just having like conversations between their friends and family and that sort of stuff does it have to be interesting? no good cos erm but they pay eighteen quid an hour ah not too shabby yeah so we can split this yeah you should
1211. should keep it in the fridge we ' d better eat it all now before it melts some more yeah i don ' t think i could eat it all i need one of these horse show great family day out park that ' s where house is isn ' t it? i think so is that where it is? must be i think it is house where the horse show is? is very nice it
1212. gods was like half cat is that bastet i think? and then they had like the sphinx didn ' t they that was like half person half half lion? was that a lion? yeah same family well we ' re coming up to i think this is where we got stuck last time we were just coming out of yeah last time going on the i think it was the m40 or something but that
1215. at the time it ' s nice to erm hear from you again yes stop it thank you sure have oh oh yeah they were they were good to me i ' ve got the rest of the family with me as well if you want to talk to them? ah no we ' re playing a game actually sore throat good what ' s that behind your ear? wow oh what ' s on telly
1216. were not a member yes i think you ' re right i don ' t think we ' d go as frequently if we didn ' t have the membership because it is quite pricey especially for a family but i think they ' re a good day out for a family er if you do have the membership tickets yes and when we went to nunnington hall which is one of my favourites in this area we
1217. ' t think we ' d go as frequently if we didn ' t have the membership because it is quite pricey especially for a family but i think they ' re a good day out for a family er if you do have the membership tickets yes and when we went to nunnington hall which is one of my favourites in this area we were able to take a picnic so that helped keep costs down a
1220. to share with people that you don ' t know? well i think if you if you go by yourself then you would but if there i think there are cabins for two three and four for a family up to six people yes yeah i think that ' d be really good and do you is it a nineteen thirties style or? erm i think it is yes is that steam or diesel? it '
1224. ' m like what? what? what? what the fuck? so he ' s been sending like it ' s not his actual cousin he he ' s not actually related right but they might as family friend ' s cousin? but they might as well be related cos they ' ve grown up like obviously cousins right right so it ' s still a bit bit weird fucking weird but anyway she we '
1225. screamed i know that ' s wrong what but how weird is that that his mum knows? his mum shouldn ' t do that no it ' s weird i know especially if it ' s actually like family it ' s weird that ' s weird but like obviously this girl and her boyfriend ' s mum have like also been chatting about it and so like well what are you gonna do and like what are you
1226. you are? i ' ll need to record that is that a tv programme? not just a question mm it ' s a yeah it ' s a histor erm erm it ' s family er celebrities they get a celebrity and and they trace their ancestry back the lineage mm there ' s been a f f er there ' s been a few interesting ones brian blessed last week it was good yeah
1232. is definitely a way that it it can be seen and also a way that it happens especially erm the kind of polar opposites of er something being loved and kind of like worshiped within a family that sticking to it or something being shunned erm because i think especially within the young teenage years erm what parents champion and love and also hate and kind of vialise i think those things
1233. s good or social constructs and i ' m pleased yes mm like erm example being i mean you you could look at it broadly and say that everything er is caused by social construct ie that family is really into football the son likes playing golf they ' re both under the umbrella of sport and because the family uhu love sport that ' s the social construct i think you can get very you can
1234. could look at it broadly and say that everything er is caused by social construct ie that family is really into football the son likes playing golf they ' re both under the umbrella of sport and because the family uhu love sport that ' s the social construct i think you can get very you can reach very widely within that idea but i i do think that there does get there there there has to be a
1237. in i hope to god he doesn ' t doesn ' t think he will did you say it ' s november when they vote? mm it ' s the autumn what do you think and ' s family would vote? cos they ' re quite conservative aren ' t they? yeah but i don ' t know if they ' re so far right that they would vote for him do you know about trump
1238. ' ve gotta have a sale have they? they ' ve got twenty percent off still really? yeah got one with that ' s it ' s been years in in but the that last sort of family run shop you know but there ' s another isn ' t there? where?? er i thought that was there ' s and and and yeah and whatever it is yeah but i thought there was i
1239. she doesn ' t know what to say oh and it was so awkward and we were just like oh my god and then we went through like this next bit and this man and it was like their family are in the woods and they ' re like coming to find you and it was like he had a chainsaw didn ' t he? shh that ' s not the part oh you ' ve ruined
1240. it dad and this man was like preying you you like trying to freak you out and like you walk round and it was like raining and this man like jumps out and like go are you the family? like that and he goes yes damn arse i am the family and i was just like okay and then he was like you smell like poo did he? oh lovely and i was just like
1241. freak you out and like you walk round and it was like raining and this man like jumps out and like go are you the family? like that and he goes yes damn arse i am the family and i was just like okay and then he was like you smell like poo did he? oh lovely and i was just like fine and he started like chasing us i was like ah and then the
1242. but you don ' t know if the results have come in from? no no i didn ' t i didn ' t oh gosh imagine having to wait on all those results well apparently half the family this is what said erm cos said said well you know at the end of the day how how bad can it get? erm might have lung cancer i might have breast cancer and ' s
1243. me either because it was was home for a week and it was the day before he was going back so she said we ' ll probably go out they ' re going out for a dinner for a family meal yeah erm they ' re expensive aren ' t they children when they ' re univer they come home and you feed them come home and you take them you take them out you know a family
1244. meal yeah erm they ' re expensive aren ' t they children when they ' re univer they come home and you feed them come home and you take them you take them out you know a family meal or whatever yeah why was he home? he ' s only just gone back i don ' t kn i can ' t remember now oh something to do with a revision week or something oh i '
1245. those to her i said oh they ' re too hard cos she doesn ' t have her teeth in i said oh right said she can manage them oh yes you ' re allowed to give them family is allowed to give them to her but we ' re not so we ' re just letting you know so okay it ' s a shame isn ' t it? it ' s so she just oh well
1249. hand side yeah coming back by yes it yeah yeah that ' s it well it was the same bloke who built that right okay built this house in yeah and we lived there but it wa family was rapidly expanding and we started with two when we came here then we had and then another one was on the way and farm had been empty for eighteen months mm cos in those days nobody wanted to
1253. i feel like well that ' s what i wanna do i just it it it costs two hundred and fifty pounds for three but then think about how nice it would be to have like a little flat family and have like it would be nice like tv oh like be near a sainsbury ' s or like a lounge so i can actually carry my coke load you could have a little lounge and it would
1254. well i think erm you know have you been watching that shop for less no recently? erm i ' ve watched two now it ' s where they basically go and do an intervention with a family okay who are like shopping ridiculously yeah and they ' ve all got certain problems and erm basically firstly this this family they they their biggest problem ' s where they don ' t look what ' s
1256. then they have a day off for whatever the husband ' s name was for him to do whatever he likes yeah so he can still go anyway er this last week ' s one their biggest one was family er were buying brands okay basically just buying brands cos they think it ' s better yeah erm and the wife she ' s got four kids so she ' s buys things she says she not the
1259. ? i only went on one bike mm i went on four uhu i only went on i went on three before we went to that place uhu so i went on the bouncer bike the family bike and the beanbag and the what? and and the and the one which was with this little seat in at the front of the carriage was this in the afternoon before you did it after school as
1260. and the one which was with this little seat in at the front of the carriage was this in the afternoon before you did it after school as well? yeah so who d pushed you around on the family bike? erm well there was quite a lot of children on it and they had a per and they had a person on and it was really funny is the family one where there are you ' re
1261. d pushed you around on the family bike? erm well there was quite a lot of children on it and they had a per and they had a person on and it was really funny is the family one where there are you ' re all peddling? yeah or the one where you ' re sitting in the front? no you ' re all peddling we ' re all peddling yeah and then
1262. in the front? that was the same one oh i see that was the sa well what about the other one when you were on with mr? that was the same bike uhu that was the family bike no but the one with you had a a place to sit in the front didn ' t you? yeah that ' s the bike yeah that was the bike you sit in front alright but what about
1263. sit in front alright but what about the one where you ' re riding it like with miss? that ' s not the same thing that ' s as the one you rode with that ' s the family bike well there are two different types of bikes aren ' t there? right good grief and then i went on the lying down bike right and it was quite funny cos i didn ' t and what
1271. ? it ' s a bit weird it starts it ' s they use a lot of weird sound effects in it and it starts with like a black and white movie of a tree and f a whole family tied up in a hangman ' s noose like just standing on the ground and it ' s all in slow motion and you see this like saw on the end of a stick come out and it
1272. rope and they all like get pulled up and there ' s like the four like the kids and the oh god really? the parents just like being hung there and the whole thing is about in the family the same thing happens to these different families one child will disappear and then the rest of the family get murdered like horrifically and it all gets caught on camera erm and you find out act i mean
1275. met him in queensland house on the strand before we went and then he was going to brisbane as well you see and he was getting so c see i h i i swapped house and car with this family and he thought he ' d swapped a house with this chap but what he didn ' t realise was he was he e he always intended to buy his own car so we got out there and he
1279. t know but my point is that ' s why in some ways it ' s a really good thing and not a narcissistic thing to put stuff up on social media of yourself and your family especially video cos imagine if you ' re ten thousand years from now or even a hundred years from now or two hundred years from now and you ' re looking back and go oh my god that '
1282. great as long as it ' s warm and dry got it is dry yeah got two toilets now get you with your two toi mm i know got two toilets? you ' re a two toilet family two toilets mm that is fancy though that ' s like it ' s funny er the other day said we ' ve never lived in a house when we had two toilets it was yes we have our house
1290. me and three other people? no no i was just joking oh but yeah i thought you were being serious i thought that was a thing ticket for four no i know ' s serious face like a family deal isn ' t it serious i ' m just worried that if i go my dad will want me to hang out with him yeah well i ' m sure he wants you to yeah we ' ll come
1293. he ' s like shows total lack of understanding and i don ' t know where i was i was like i heard this really interesting about this like i don ' t think if he read any books family i don ' t think he ' d but like you like as you say it ' s just understanding did you send a message to my phone? what? no oh oh right yeah sorry that was last
1294. just understanding did you send a message to my phone? what? no oh oh right yeah sorry that was last week i don ' t think i did hilarious erm go on the fam what family? er yeah he w like both so they ' d come over from ireland or something like the family mm? and they were like and er it it was i think no it wasn ' t where where
1295. was last week i don ' t think i did hilarious erm go on the fam what family? er yeah he w like both so they ' d come over from ireland or something like the family mm? and they were like and er it it was i think no it wasn ' t where where were they coming from? wasn ' t from ireland at all it was from it was like in the
1296. really her parents could never cope with the readjustment because the kids could speak english yeah and the parents couldn ' t and it suddenly was this really weird and very poisonous yeah dynamic then for the family it was difficult because like cos you ' re cos you can keep things from the parents? hhe like and like the the but they also had like no that ' s it it was my
1297. i just couldn ' t remember why? what was the original? i just couldn ' t remember another story we were talking about and she was like no shut up she was like ah there was this family that came over i think it was from ireland i think i read about it yeah that dangerous country where they can ' t speak english sounds stupid i think oi top of the morning to you there ireland
1299. phonics and their maths and things like that they ' re put into erm ability groups as opposed to age oh yeah so now he ' s in year one he ' s in a family group yes so erm he can be in a maths group with children that are older yeah that ' s what my yeah or his age so that ' s what my niece ' s school has been
1301. never been able to walk slowly particularly well well that suits you and then well doesn ' t it? yeah yeah exactly go marching ahead we find it difficult when we go out it ' s fine with family and stuff but yeah yeah if we ' re travelling with friends and things they ' ve got to start walking or up their pace a little bit so tell me about your family then so there ' s you
1312. actually yeah i think we met was it? you may have done october maybe that one time i was down she ' s she ' s kind of like yeah i mean if there ' s ever a family do or anything she ' d be there she ' d be there yeah yeah but erm i mean all she wants is to meet someone and be settled down ah is she the one who wants? yeah
1313. it ' s just thinking about lots of things at once yeah i think you ' re right erm yeah so in a way i suppose it ' s kind of nice that he has and around some family children that are still family yeah yeah definitely yeah whatever the situation is it was all strange for all of them us having a child right yeah initially and all of that and i think erm can you see
1314. about lots of things at once yeah i think you ' re right erm yeah so in a way i suppose it ' s kind of nice that he has and around some family children that are still family yeah yeah definitely yeah whatever the situation is it was all strange for all of them us having a child right yeah initially and all of that and i think erm can you see them? we ' re
1317. in sixth form as well you get four across your sch your three in your school life and t and one in your sixth form could you erm go to the gaudi unfinished basilica of the family? oh they will do where ' s that? it ' s in barcelona it ' s the famous cathedral it ' s really it ' s beautiful oh right yeah well said that there ' s a can
1318. not wearing it mother erm well you ' ll look out of place then i ' m staying in a youth hostel but i ' ve got a private room however the private room is for a whole family yeah so i just have this whole family room yeah a whole family room yeah they ' re quite good well how much did you pay forty quid for the whole room? no more expensive it was seventy
1319. ' ll look out of place then i ' m staying in a youth hostel but i ' ve got a private room however the private room is for a whole family yeah so i just have this whole family room yeah a whole family room yeah they ' re quite good well how much did you pay forty quid for the whole room? no more expensive it was seventy oh blimey blimey but
1320. place then i ' m staying in a youth hostel but i ' ve got a private room however the private room is for a whole family yeah so i just have this whole family room yeah a whole family room yeah they ' re quite good well how much did you pay forty quid for the whole room? no more expensive it was seventy oh blimey blimey but that was like the cheap
1321. ? twenty - ninth of september oh yeah i ' ve got to remember that haven ' t i? and this last year i took her to harry potter world and she didn ' t give a shit family growing up erm yeah oh i did know cos ma had a birthday card for her that makes it even worse dad don ' t remember and he doesn ' t your own sister ' s birthday so
1322. you on your sixti no i ' m here because the car ' s in for a a repair oh i ' m here as well do you wanna go for lu? we can go for a family lunch are you here monday? yeah we ' ll go out yeah we ' ll go out for lu we can go to lunch in in er not erm at er in how ' s that? yeah
1323. out yeah we ' ll go out for lu we can go to lunch in in er not erm at er in how ' s that? yeah we ' ll go and meet mum and have a family luncheon how ' s that? how ' s that? aren ' t we cute? and then i can be like ha ha in your face you weren ' t here for dad ' s birthday and
1324. but very nice and then erm so we ' ve seen some houses near there just on rightmove and they always looks lovely but really expensive oh yeah erm cos that ' s like family heaven there you know? there ' s good schools and commuting that ' s right same with erm and what about erm so i told you did you know? yeah and is that also
1325. quite emotional it ' s kind of er she has all these her emotions have a kind of about a fr yeah it ' s all her emotions and erm memories and er you know how how the family and how important the love is you know is from your parents and mm yeah i ' ve read really good reviews of it i ' d quite like to see it in the cinema it ' s just an
1332. a sieve to but no one wants to know how to cook like heston no one ' s like d ' you know what? i ' ll just go and get some dry ice for the family dinner hes heston ' s great though heston does some some really whacky stuff yeah he does but no one wants to cook like heston though do they? depends what he ' s
1333. mallaig he had a car he had a car as well i think and there were other people that were gonna join him so it a bit of a different kettle of fish i think it was family or people were coming up did i tell you that i i wrote and erm reviewed his website and he wrote and thanked me? no you didn ' t ah a cursory acknowledgement and er
1334. the case of a concert i don ' t know maybe it ' s the concert organiser the promoter mm but that that could include the copyright holder i mean supposing elgar ' s got family do they b er iis elgar out of copyright? it ' s seventy years i suppose he would be does that mean that people can just print the music? copyright doesn ' t last it '
1335. t tell them one thing cos she thinks they ' re bored circus she does get that chip off your head she doesn ' t tell them one thing what do you mean? erm like the family that they don ' t know she does the hoop do you mean? yeah yeah well i i think they ' re kind of they kind of think she ' s quite cool but they ' re not really
1338. type of book group a book with wings? but i dunno when she ' s gonna have who does who does she work for? well she ru she runs her own business it ' s a family business it ' s is it advertising? it ' s in it ' s down beside the? it ' s thirty odd years old and it ' s down beside the sounds like centre you know when you
1343. all his family yeah mm he ' s got sons and and they ' re all related they ' re all well almost all not all but most of them are related mm mm the vast majority are yeah mm that ' s
1347. fair enough yeah why won ' t you tell me? because only my family that does it like this oh really? yeah oh okay fair enough then oh that ' s cool it ' s like a family thing it is mm she does well whatever is in those spring rolls she uses them as well to make burgers out of it so she like oh right puts them into like a patty shape and fries them
1349. you get like and then when he said to him so what do you do every day? he said i go out and get my fish he said i get a couple of myself for dinner with the family and then i sell a couple to my friends and we swap it for like other things that we need basically yeah yeah and he said and then what do you do? he said well then i he said
1356. the co - worker yeah that ' s good yeah er event airstrike remove one faded from any city relationships the same just read out relationships if you start your turn in the same city as a family member gain one extra action that ' s what me and had mm so that ' s that was pretty good and that one was pretty good scars scars faded cities they ' ve all been marked haven ' t
1357. say it was moscow that was on four or five yeah one two three is perfect apart from that and that ' s it so there isn ' t another option to have a co - worker no this family members is the one me and had one his co - worker was me and dad past past cars yeah co - workers is really good though yeah but also remember that ' s a free action at the start
1358. moment wasn ' t it? don ' t really wanna risk it though like oh da da da da da oh it ' s fixed yeah but that but that ' ll be leaked by hyundai a bit family guy really isn ' t it? did you hear today on the on er news mm mm hyundai are now the first car manufacturer that you don ' t have to go through a dealership to buy a
1359. i think i order for to earn more money he works in london but obviously ends up having to spend a lot of time commuting there so a lot of the childcare falls on like other family members and things like that and i think she ' s oh it ' s gonna sound really condescending she ' s just a hairdresser so i don ' t think she brings in a lot
1361. so anyway the min at the end of the party the minibus had come at one o ' clock in the morning and he ' s at this party over late night way north of and the the family that they ' d gone to the party have some land in a haulage company there now and there ' s a bit of a lake there and he suddenly with the minibus ran off in the dark
1362. we are so no i i would like to i would like to go again would you like to go again? i yeah i would i enjoyed it i i might i i wouldn ' t mind a family dday out again it was alright i wouldn ' t mind i wouldn ' t mind just us two i might i might keep my eye out on the et and stuff see if they have it cos
1368. t aged which i thought was quite strange like they kept it the same which what ' s it about? is it about her like loss of memory? it ' s about like dory finding her family i think is it a prequel? or a sequel? a sequel ah cool i quite fancy going to the cinema like i went to the cinema so much last last week cos there was so much on
1369. t think she ' d dare i hadn ' t even thought about it i don ' t think she ' d dare not invite you she would not i think she would erm she does have a family hen do and then she ' d invite me to the other hen do but not to the wedding oh well i ' ll tell i definitely think i definitely think she ' ll be first cos i just
1375. is he yeah what are you doing? yeah and like also as well she came out for ' s dad ' s birthday now i ' m just like boring you with the life stories of ' s family it ' s fine i feel like i have to talk to someone about it cos i like talk to about it yeah like oh by the way like she ' s gotta stop feeding your brother cakes so
1379. a build another building it ' s gonna be higher than the first building build another building next to it it ' s not gonna see it but granny did do it yeah erm yeah like ' s family get l erm loads and loads of money cos they the new building cuts off ten percent of their natural light how much money do they get? er like like to like not that much but it
1382. by my fire have a chat and they still said no? and no er this is what i ' m gonna say and c why don ' t you invite and? cos they ' re well family is and obligations why don ' t you invite erm no and? is it this one? yes no it ' s not it ' s the next you can ' t get down the next one i
1383. ' s house are you going home for it? are you not spending it with your parents? no i spend like new year new year ' s day with them like we have er our celebration like family celebration on new year ' s day yeah like with the meal and stuff but new year ' s eve so will you be in france for new year ' s? yeah yeah yeah cos our christmas break
1385. ? huh well i should ' ve thought so yeah but it ' s okay for him to do it at weekends as long as he doesn ' t during the week that ' s the attitude of one family hm that i ' ve heard of recently really? what? yeah huh gosh because it ' s er because again it ' s in this area yeah that ' s where it all happens from yeah and
1386. lose what what looked at somebody else ' s twitter account quite a person quite high up within a within an organization and it was oh i ' m just gonna have a few shots getting ready before the family come round yeah and you ' re thinking er why are you why? why do you need to do? yeah it ' s er it ' s wrong it ' s why do you need to do it
1387. why? cos that ' s mean why is it mean? well why would i make you do that? like she has to do that because she ' s well we could do a joint effort family so joint effort man mm yeah you do the typey typey and i ' ll do the sayey stuff you would know how to do it actually cos you do english too yeah you could potentially
1388. ##nt and solved them all oh it was really nice yeah i saved myself about three hundred quid nice but yeah it was nice it yeah with the sims i always like i spent ages like making the family and making the house really nice and then i ' d just get really bored playing with it like you know mm and then i just don ' t play it again for six months oh my god me too
1390. you ' ve now got them there and next door there ' s a few they ' re not particularly noisy they have small child erm how many are there? dunno no seems to be one family yeah well that ' s good yeah er fuck knows ' s beginning has chatted to them they don ' t speak any english do they not? told them off when they ' d dumped some stuff they
1394. he was a really cute like kid i would i would be proud to have a son that looked like ah i would like get all that ' s nice like make all the custom christmas photos of like family photos and everything show them off ah put them in pageants like pageants like should be but yeah pageants should be illegal i think they they ' re illegal in france i think we should follow france
1395. yeah and have dinner yeah like a pauper and their sundays would be very they would do almost nothing on a sunday oh except for eat they wouldn ' t nobody works they will just eat at a family ' s house so would so they probably charge up for a week on a sunday whereas i think we ' re a bit busy on a sunday mm our day is anyway but they have their siesta
1399. not long term weird in a way cos it ' s weird in a way cos i was thinking well we ' re not biologically related because they was a kind of yes with the the family that ' s right mm but she was i mean only used to work part - time because she was finding it difficult or something to mm yeah mm he ' d be well he ' s be home four
1401. example the i don ' t think there ' s the cos they ' d never think oh you know families just d it ' s interesting isn ' t it how you know and and ' s family wouldn ' t either be like oh isn ' t it b they might say the odd thing like oh they ' re much calmer than us or but i mean or we ' re like wwwhen we
1404. catholic mm environment erm but so and then you know we were quite er apart from fr i i i could always makes friends you know mm er er so we didn ' t have any sort of family stuff going on when you were in mm and really it was it ' s more friends mm yes we had a bit but er yeah and yyour granny yes we went up to scotland and yes we
1405. sixties yeah me too erm but anyhow for some reason or other yeah it ' s gonna be cooked round at at ' s house oh okay erm that means that yeah but it is her family yeah erm and she and i kn i know it ' s kind of but she kind of quite likes that doesn ' t she? erm oh yes she does but adores it really? really
1410. of time without having another grownup so they ' re kinda like they they they speak everything they ' re part of the family yeah pretty much like most of them are brothers like they but they are family if you know what i mean like be like surrogate family yeah yeah but that ' s a shame mm but he just says i ' m too annoyed all the time at him but want to go to
1412. or whatever and definitely then it ' s like exactly yeah it ' s too far gone yeah yeah yeah that ' s not that ' s not what you wanna do cos it ' s erm family in the end exactly and it ' s like well they just can ' t be together or whatever so he ' s gonna come to oh yes? to see me i didn ' t wanna ggo and
1414. like me and my sister would just stay in our pyjamas till like two in the afternoon and then like i dunno then we ' d maybe go out for a walk mm as a family when er cos that ' s what our family did oh god that sounds tragic that ' s what you do in you go for a family walk because there ' s nothing else to do oh mm and
1416. ' d maybe go out for a walk mm as a family when er cos that ' s what our family did oh god that sounds tragic that ' s what you do in you go for a family walk because there ' s nothing else to do oh mm and yeah so that was yeah i hated sundays as well it feels like it feels to me like four o ' clock all day e yeah it '
1423. passed away and he said they kinda looked at me for a reaction yeah yeah cos they don ' t know how to react so they ' re waiting yeah and i suppose it is at the first family well nana died but they that was seven years ago so they were younger so they were much younger yeah they were younger and they didn ' t go to the funeral for that but erm and said he
1438. you know is that what happens in a small team tell me more that ' s what happens isn ' t it when you get involved with a small team sort of you know a a a like just family kind of run completely business u i i i you know i don ' t no work you need i don ' t work with people at this level i mean i know it sounds really awful but i do
1439. the people i didn ' t take these but he took these mm n these were some of the people who were there he was funny the guy who took the photos mm finally erm that ' s family who were there so that was that really wow yeah completely i mean you know rural i mean it ' s nothing oh there ' s nothing there no no and it ' s beautiful and it ' s very
1442. i ' ll get her a like a couple of like a book or a couple and then that ' s her sorted and then i ' m not buying anybody else anything and then it ' s just family and stuff i ' ll just buy your mum and dad another voucher for yeah no i never buy her owt well actually i got her a hip flask last year didn ' t i? oh
1444. and then suddenly yeah but i liked him yeah he seemed quite erm but he must ' ve thought yeah i ' ve seen what they ' ve done to ed miliband do i want my family to be under that kind of pressure? yeah cos hadn ' t he been under a lot of pressure with his wife and died and everything hadn ' t she or something and he was? yeah yeah
1449. that direction we weren ' t really paying much attention to like maps or anything like that found this little restaurant on er er on the side of the beach which was really nice it was just like a family erm run thing in the middle of nowhere there was nothing else around it it was really nice erm had a nice big meal there erm and then went to the main town kos town which
1450. gives it yeah erm yeah had had a sort of salad and things like that and with it just generally had a look round the town cos it ' s really a sort of nice and all family - friendly there so erm and but one of our one of my friends there had fallen off just before we got there and erm yes he broke the brake lever on the bike but we didn '
1451. ' s nice yeah isn ' t it? yeah yeah yeah you know i ' ve known for and for about five or six years right you know yeah we ' re proper mates but mm and the family well that ' s not a nice thing to say yes anyhow th i was l well that ' s fine cos i ' m used to it but it does yeah but i ' d ' ve
1452. it the that one there? mm have you seen it? i si sent your mum one that as er of the well the she was sent one of the tls it ' s all about the family really so it ' s a bit of your history yeah cool yes well spotted i had my friend was here the other day and he had the book in his hand he was standing like this and he said
1453. i know there were thousands of people how did you meet up again then w w as you weren ' t stopping? cos we all to go for the last part cos they have like a family reunion section right sadly none of my family were there at reunite with me but erm your mother she yeah your mother went she went to she went to liverpool this morning god erm so had agreed to
1455. odd year old woman bless her so this this couple a lady and her daughter mm kicked us out of our our seats mm me and mother you know no sort of oh bloody hell yeah and then a family this this lad they had a young kid and the kid just didn ' t wanna do it oh so was he got on the top of the bus and thought that no i don ' t wanna do this
1457. grown quite close to oh yeah yeah yeah he ' s quite cool though erm but yeah is another one where we on a weekly say this is yeah which is quite cool yeah and then obviously like family yeah and just people yeah that ' s true but yeah i wouldn ' t say there ' s anyone really my age walking a similar life to me mm that i ' m rreally close to down
1481. in this state of mind where he will think negatively about anything he has been extremely depressed he has no motivation he has no self - confidence and it might seem like he does because you know in a family setting he can be quite cocky not er no i wouldn ' t have said that but he can be quite bullish mm um but that comes from something else yeah i think well we ' re probably the
1482. ' ve got a bigger garden probably although theirs is on the end they might have a big garden yeah it ' s oh no no that ' s interesting hmm? it says ground floor oh maybe the family want to move they ' ve only probably been there less than you ' ve been here i know and it ' s one eight two five hundred that ' s ridiculous but they spent loa they must '
1483. mean it ' s big but it ' s really it ' s big well there ' s not you ' d have to put stuff in wouldn ' t you it ' s actually unless you had a family it ' s actually not that big it ' s nowhere near as big as mine and it ' s really in a bad state mm really in a bad way but er you know first time buyers might think
1486. is yeah but we ' ll see what i imagine it could be quite different i ' ll have yeah the mince i ' ll have a go is often on special offer mm and they do the family bag now don ' t they which is they do the family bag quite good yeah um the quorn mince at the moment is buy two for three pounds oh okay so i ' ve got those mm
1487. be quite different i ' ll have yeah the mince i ' ll have a go is often on special offer mm and they do the family bag now don ' t they which is they do the family bag quite good yeah um the quorn mince at the moment is buy two for three pounds oh okay so i ' ve got those mm yeah i was gonna make a big batch of chilli what
1491. the milk she ' s really she ' s just living on milk and eighteen months is not enough yeah yeah but yeah she looks healthy so well i ' ll see her in we ' ve got a family wedding in june in amsterdam ah ha so she ' ll be out there so when ' s and going? potentially next sort of april eh may june time ah that gives you a a year to a year
1492. s and going? potentially next sort of april eh may june time ah that gives you a a year to a year make the cake then yes well i ' ve got about four before then wedding cakes family wedding cakes? and eh and others i mean i ' ve actually got one for a girl who was at school with and she text she put see i ' m on facebook and she sent me a message
1502. north quite a lot as well to see them yeah yeah i think i think just having i don ' t know i didn ' t realise until quite late on in life that actually like spending time with family isn ' t a given it ' s and like you obviously your they ' re like blood relatives and you care about them but when you you just actively love them at times it ' s like the best
1508. cos it ' s not their fault no you can live your entire life with a person and not know them it ' s dangerous yeah like like him committing suicide? it ' s dangerous for the family if the thing is he can never be brought to justice now cos he ' s dead as well no but alalso what really irritates me is like suicide like that is someone ' s
1509. be affiliated and be known as the paedophile ' s daughter mm cos it ' s not just the paedophile ' s life that he ' s affecting it ' s all of the family what if they ' ve got kids? what if they ' re in secondary school? that those children and like everyone sees it on facebook oh like your dad ' s a paedo and their life is
1511. and she ' s got like a bit extra in the bank which is really good why did she get that then? at why? just because she paid the higher fee rates and i think her your family income has to be so much and whatever it ' s worth looking into though oh see that ' s where like there ' s certain criteria you have to fill fulfil to get it but yeah just
1512. t have a clue what to get them like why doesn ' t? yeah she should just ask him and get er him to ask or yeah something i used to do all the shopping for ' s family did you? and i enjoyed it but like he just he just never did it so i was like fine i ' ll do it cos it ' s a joint thing anyway so i just did it
1514. s like bit scary probably didn ' t have air conditioning no maybe yeah i mean it looked no looked rough i think he was notorious for dragging them through places it ' s why your that they were family motto was can we eat it in the ambulance? yeah yeah mm ah and that was lovely and then but we didn ' t see the s on that leg of the journey did we? we just went
1515. yeah at the other beach and we saw avocado trees we ' d got uhu south enough they were huge yeah avocado trees yeah it was nice there it was like kind of a family campground thing it was quite family friendly and but it was cute it was like a proper american experience we had a a second erm uhu in a night in a row having erm the er slim
1516. we saw avocado trees we ' d got uhu south enough they were huge yeah avocado trees yeah it was nice there it was like kind of a family campground thing it was quite family friendly and but it was cute it was like a proper american experience we had a a second erm uhu in a night in a row having erm the er slim jim burrito for dinner with
1517. of strange up there it was yeah well we were sleeping at like eight thousand feet yeah and then we went up another couple of thousand to walk around or something yeah we had breakfast with like a nice family of cool oh yeah we had to media people i ' m not really sure who they were but they were cos yeah we had to get seated with you it was the system wasn ' t it?
1519. yeah to be a cunt and yeah yeah yeah but apparently that ' s just not true yeah and they had to change a lot of stuff before they made the film because the er either for the family or the of the showman himself were still alive? yeah he ' d sued the er the stage the people who wrote the stage play fair enough it ' s not it ' s still yeah it '
1529. of the money from my nan she ' s got nothing they ' ve taken it all you see but she still likes that that you know that that power to associate herself with yeah that that kind of family so yeah she ' s always she talks like the queen you know and she ' s like oh yes oh even though she ' s been completely fucked by these people you know they just took the whole lot
1533. about two lines but you know mm it ' s nice to know she ' s okay yes so grandpa and are at ' s today so oh that ' s nice that ' s a good sort of family time all meeting up mm i suppose christmas and the summer isn ' t it? that people sort of yes yes cos your father was keen to go wasn ' t he? mm very keen yes but
1548. mm it sounds really strange doesn ' t it? but not but it like i think it ' s at feeling like feeling like a child again like freedom yeah it ' s just relaxing especially living with family and which is s is absolutely fine yeah erm but it is nice to cos i don ' t get the house to myself that often no i ' ve just been like kicking back make the most
1554. wanted to be in the path mm mm of what was happening you know yeah she didn ' t wanna be cooped upstairs mm upstairs no she wanted to be right at the bosom yeah of the family so erm so she died away in her she died in the living room and erm yeah i thi you know i i ' d come down in the middle of the night cos i couldn
1555. bit more about so if you like to books like to read books how often and when and? yeah what do you like to read and? when and why? and we ' ve got to do family but apparently we get the topics to choose from she said you can choose a couple of topics oh and then you just have to talk about it so oh okay but this is gonna be longer than the other
1561. then right it ' s gonna go to oh er and is it called what is it called? odd places oh but er? yeah we ' ll see what happens well i think i might well located family yeah to go and see that well i think i ' ll look out for that get all the tickets stage you ' re allowed cos you can give them away cos there ' s stage that '
1562. at the moment is we have ieb which is the mm and then we have the uk schools team mm mm they both kind of work independently of each other despite that we ' re all under the family of education mm mm erm they have their own editors project coordinators whatever you wanna call them and then we do our job we don ' t do any hands on editing but we organise the development editor
1563. t move to i know you want to move to but you only wanna move to cos like your friend lives there and you know you can ' t live your life through your friends but you know family ' s so much more important like we ' re important to you like you ' ve got to prove that we ' re important and was like wow this is my birthday and you ' re just telling me
1569. erm greece spain mainland? or like are you talking like majorca? menorca? i ' ve done like tenerife yeah and spain i ' ve been to gran canaria like family holidays and stuff mm erm gree i love greece i went to greece where did you go? a few times crete and santorini? oh no i wanna go to santorini though it ' s
1570. living out of the country for a while so we ' re not as tight as we could be but he erm he didn ' t invite any friends actually by the looks of things it was just family yeah oh was it? yeah it was quite a small affair he i sat down with him i went through the photos with his with his wife now and er she ' s indian of indian descent oh nice
1571. through the photos with his with his wife now and er she ' s indian of indian descent oh nice erm and i didn ' t see anyone there were no friends yeah it was all just like family yeah so i didn ' t feel bad i bought them a wedding gift mm so i saw him yesterday so it was like really rushed oh nice that ' s cool so then you got the train back yesterday
1580. twelve twelve years between and him mm twenty - eight twenty - eight mm see i can ' t actually imagine actually physically having a child but i ' m i can imagine her wanting to have her own family what do you think? i don ' t know cos will she not want all the attention that and have had? mm yeah but she wants it for herself not for someone else mm she gets jealous
1581. now they ' re retired they ' ve got the money neither of them are or are in the best of health and why not enjoy it while they can? if they want to enjoy it with the family then no i ' m not saying that i just mean the whole jealousy thing and the whole that ' s nice mm whole thing with they ' ve been on holiday with you i need to go on holiday
1582. there yeah cos you don ' t pay for children with that one oh i see yeah if you ' re if you have membership mm you get children membership yeah with it yeah that ' s a family membership yeah a family membership which is cheaper than that ' s what we did thinking we could take take anyone then yeah which is take the little ones as well than the national trust yeah mm yeah like that
1583. you don ' t pay for children with that one oh i see yeah if you ' re if you have membership mm you get children membership yeah with it yeah that ' s a family membership yeah a family membership which is cheaper than that ' s what we did thinking we could take take anyone then yeah which is take the little ones as well than the national trust yeah mm yeah like that that seems such a
1586. good at doing organised events aren ' t they? cos they ' re quite i mean ten pin bowling should we do ten pin bowling? they liked that yeah i think yeah i think something a family activity forty - five minutes up to four people nineteen quid or whatever yeah exactly payment the cost of it ' s irrelevant yeah nine thirty am to ten fifty pm you know i think i think why why
1588. see where they go yeah on those cats that ' s it that was very funny and they they were they had the the urban cats in bristol where they were good yes oh yes that was it this family found out that their cat was menacing all all the other cats in the street and there ' s this other cat down the street that was so nervous and its owners couldn ' t work out why this cat
1590. brothers like no the brother was like in prison and i don ' t know did he use to play for newcastle? bat batty bar barton bar barton yeah he ' s horrible they ' re their family ' s like they ' ve got a just a they ' re chavs just a bad family haven ' t they? wrong ' uns ah no but no they are wrong ' uns but uh
1594. ##f well i ' ve got one bed and the pull up before it just had well why don ' t you ask them to change to er the other room? well i asked for a sort of family room for oh that ' s why for and to come that ' s why but actually here i ' m all on my own is not coming? he ' s gone off cycling where? but he '
1595. s annoying because erm if you could persuade to have for a whole week then well they are this week then you could go into a smaller room mm save some money and then move back into the family room mm there ' s no difference in the size it ' s just yeah but it ' s got a slide it ' s you know it ' s those beds that fit underneath you know? yeah but
1605. t i don ' t think we ' ve ever had one though so erm gosh yes when you look at it it really is well er well i suppose er years ago i remember ' s family went on a a cruise up and down these fjords the fjords i suppose yes yes and i suppose yeah when you think about it we know the edge of it ' s all fjords there '
1609. superinjunction on it oh there her fiance and the family asked the police not the reopen the investigation oh gee they got a call one night yeah that ' s weird if you had a family you ' re going to want to i always wonder like all the secrets that you have and like wonder about like is it all just in one file in one safe somewhere? x files do you know what
1611. madness as well like if they if apparently like cos i read a few things around the case that they didn ' t show in the documentary it was a flawed documentary in some senses but like the family were not just a pain in the arse they were like made life hell for the community and they were disdespised not just out of snobbery like they were just a pain in
1612. of them really didn ' t and he testified the things that we know didn ' t happen and he ' s got a a attack record as long as your arm as well and he wasn ' t family and the brother delete and the brother deleted her answerphone messages yeah and that was never like and he was just like oh yeah i just guessed at what her password was i would just say i knew
1613. it ' s never gonna it ' s never gonna happen so why specifically? ah okay not never unlikely to happen mm well this is quite unlikely it was really generally we only see each other mm at family events mm well erm and family events are sober in your family? yeah your family ' s different peter no our family is normal well his family ' s different in one direction my family is different in
1614. s never gonna happen so why specifically? ah okay not never unlikely to happen mm well this is quite unlikely it was really generally we only see each other mm at family events mm well erm and family events are sober in your family? yeah your family ' s different peter no our family is normal well his family ' s different in one direction my family is different in another direction fair enough another direction fundamental
1620. just saying woody it ' s i can ' t remember what it ' s i can ' t remember where it ' s from it ' s sort of a it ' s just an aristocratic i think family sitting around in the drawing room mm discussing words oh okay i like the word eh i can ' t even remember what word it was but it was sort of it ' s eh i ' m sorry d
1621. t yeah oh and he said something rather interesting at the end of eth last episode which you weren ' t there for which was to james oh i hope you ' re shot in front of your family which according to offcom we can now say that on television y who ' s that clarkson or hammond? yes clarkson god he ' s such a dick well no no i think his tv personality is such
1624. my god he is he was the bt advert boy he was yes do you do you remember that like? i fucking loved that like little advert like when they were just it was like the family and it was like a kinda story and yeah i remember that can ' t believe it ' s over think it ' s not so sad it ' s not been on for years that film came out seven
1626. only got a two seater we had to walk it wasn ' t that far it was only half a mile or so and then we got stuck at the bus as well we we missed most of the family reunion basically yeah we did cos nobody could come pick us up in these two seater cars yeah yeah know what i was going to say? is what happened about his car the other day? cos
1628. if you ' re trying to please people who care about stuff you couldn ' t give two hoots about no i know that ' s what makes it har well it hard when it ' s family because when it ' s friends if they if they ' re you know they probably wouldn ' t stay my friends too long if they have expectations like that from me but if you look at half of your
1629. we were talking about yard sales he was cleaning out the loft and he came down with this big painting of a sunflower did i tell you about this? i can ' t remember like all my family was there and he was like look at this i just found this in the loft this could be a van gogh and i i was only little i and i ran over and i picked it up and it
1630. it started? yeah but that ' s what erm you know that ' s what a lot of these families do that ' s what chinese families do especially yes yeah yeah yeah they look after the family you know they lend each other money yep yep um i don ' t know if they charge interest on not that much up you know but even if they do and they charge a lot less than the the
1633. you? and you do reach a point in life and career and whatever that you ' re gonna go this way or that way and it it usually is job or job or like home life effectively yeah family - centred i just don ' t i at the moment am struggling to see a job that i could love so much that i would be prepared to like put it first yeah cos i just get so
1637. like like just endless like pin dropping silences yeah uh i ' ve never really had that as you say as you say i think i ' m just i guess you ' re not used to a family with uh i don ' t think there ' d be ever more than a few seconds of quiet on your family no there ' s not much quiet not with me brother me brother would just talk even if
1638. you say i think i ' m just i guess you ' re not used to a family with uh i don ' t think there ' d be ever more than a few seconds of quiet on your family no there ' s not much quiet not with me brother me brother would just talk even if there ' s nobody there i i ' m sure he just does he ' s a he ' s a a
1639. ' t as though she come from a poor background background well she probably wouldn ' t have got u to university if she had no just cos of your level of education and the attitude of the family yeah but yeah it ' s a shame i guess too many people started to go to un they they just turned it more into a business i suppose like everything yeah wanted everyone to go to university it '
1642. but thethey are a little bit possessive of their nests they get a bit aggressive yes erm but i can ' t really remember many things i remember sort of visits to other members of the family and yes what about erm did you ever go sort of on on a f sheep farm or erm one of those large sheep farms they have in in the centre of australia? no no visits there
1643. ever whatever i mean we ' ve gone and watched and sometimes on the sidelines there ' s been people watching who ' ve sworn and the ref will say you know or even people like this a family club you know oh yeah sorry yeah absolutely and one the pitch you ' re not swearing cos there ' s people you know a and it is it ' s very very much keep it down this is
1648. s that dip selection doing there? well what else is it i mean cos it goes with the like the the general party thing yeah but this is like a dinnery thing it ' s a family buffet you know suppose um then we ' ve got look at that leg of lamb oh well i was looking at some of them today actually uh were you? it ' s about it ' s about sort
1649. ' s er there ' s no catch i promise you it ' s it ' s it ' s like university of and government money so it ' s fine well we can get all of ' s family doing it yeah honestly if you ' ve got scots the celtic fringe we ' re having this is how you spell heaven isn ' t it? heaven and and will do it we ' re having erm
1651. describe the incident as a complete mystery one expert who didn ' t want to be named said what clearly has happened is clostridium botulinum has found its way into the sauce and the family has consumed it like what sort of a sort of a quote ' s that? it ' s great isn ' t he that guy it could have been anybody that guy didn ' t want to be named
1655. take have never called themselves british is ireland in britain? northern ireland no not not in gre you ' ve got to do your history not not in great britain the actual this is an irish country family but and that ' s er mm yeah sometimes they but sometimes they called ireland english and they call them the british isles just in a geography sense ye er yyes okay i in in a geo i didn
1660. kitchen diner yeah but it was basically no i mean no but yeah you ' re right no you ' re right i dunno like you could see yourself easily managing to live in this space as a family it ' s a big old space you could but just think of a rainy day can ' t get out of the house no it ' s nice i really like this place no no it is but think
1661. in eight volumes oh very nice so that ' s for people who are visually impaired yes yeah so well people with visual impairments i think is the correct term right yeah yeah no i erm my family kind of you know once they start one of them ' s you know do you do you sell bibles? i ' m after a new bible oh really? ah so i give them the catalogue and
1666. quite a lot of the erm recipes on there oh erm and she ' s oh is that her is that her mum? yeah ah these photos were in the guardian oh really? yeah the family guardian gosh you ' ve known quite a lot of people in the guardian has has been in it as well? erm no she ' s been in she was been in the observer actually no it
1669. you know that she does these things herself for example no but it ' s a s it ' s a part of certain cultures though isn ' t it mm like it ' s like you say the family bubble and outside the family bubble mm are the people are non - persons you know yes almost yes there ' s no mm consciousness of the no no wider community isn ' t it and and and i sometimes
1671. bit mm often when he goes to japan mm he ' s the kind of the outsider the person who doesn ' t really you don ' t need to figure in these decisions even though you ' re family or and he ' s black as well oh really? that ' s interes that ' s an interesting so he kind of doesn ' t really yeah cos they ' re even more quite yeah prejudice
1676. older they are they are i think it ' s sensible i think there ' re times that we may be might be ready to have children would be in our forties but i think like ' s family hit the menopause at like twenty - six or something yeah it ' s not that bad wishful thinking they ' re in their forties they ' re not twenty - six forty yeah maybe '
1682. children and their children and it just gets on on and on doesn ' t it? then you come and home and it just a bunch of people you don ' t really know apparently that ' s family hi that is pretty much what family is mm just you know er dealing with a bunch of people that you don ' t really know very well yeah apparapparently you ' re closer to them
1683. gets on on and on doesn ' t it? then you come and home and it just a bunch of people you don ' t really know apparently that ' s family hi that is pretty much what family is mm just you know er dealing with a bunch of people that you don ' t really know very well yeah apparapparently you ' re closer to them than anyone else but not really definitely
1686. kid that never really fitted any kind of social group yeah you always get those at school definitely get them in and i just don ' t really know well in cha like in chapter we there was that family wasn ' t there? do you remember the really weird family? and the mum used to walk all the kids to school oh yeah i don ' t think any of th there was an older boy who
1688. got like such bad damp the windows are rotted there ' s like cracks in the walls the bathroom needs replacing the whole bathroom needs replacing the whole ground floor needs replacing really did they yeah did the family live there at any point? no so the the house it was just for the kids was bought erm oh really? when came up from what? i ' m just gonna buy a house for my
1704. oh and then there ' s a man the man out of the window and he ' s like in the back of oh wait no is that is that the one where they ' re like ha the family are hanging is the conjuring the one where at the beginning they ' re hanging themselves? no no that ' s ssinister no that ' s sinister oh okay oh sinister did you like that
1705. twenty days extends to twenty - five throughout the year yeah the good thing about england though is you choose when you take that mm and ho it ' s been really hard for us we got like a family wedding or like something else is going on you wanna come home you can ' t mm you can ' t like you we may get good vacation but it ' s when they dictate it ' s
1715. breadwinner or breathering yeah breathbreathering i never knew whether it was breatherin or breadwinner breadwin it ' s breadwin yeah i ' m the breathering of the family well i said my breathering and they were like what? breathering breathering yeah he ' s now blubbed blubbed mm what ' s up my blub? what was it before? bread
1718. that was awesome that got me that got me um some points because er the er my sister ' s off to brazil soon so not the sister we met fashion sister and um so there ' s a family get together next weekend um so i think popping home was gonna like little bit of a rescue thing rather than going sorry can ' t see my sister off going to wash some dishes fifty kids that ' s
1720. yeah so yeah families are weird aren ' t they i find families weird i was reading something interesting er on the um resurgence um and it had had an interesting comment not i haven ' t to my family but it was just an observation that said that every family is broken sta you start off with a you know if you get married and you have a family so you start off with a broken family because
1728. and it just took an event? yeah and he said actually if you think about it for you to realize it you know you you kind of extend that there you have to assume that everyone ' s family is in some way broken um and you have to be proactive to try and keep it together and to um you know help it survive so well no family ' s gonna survive without work no exactly but
1734. that ruined her life did you say? no the boys ' life that ruined the boys ' life oh ruined the boys ' life they ' re not even meant to look at women no that are not family and even family have we not are we done with the washing of our hands? yes i ' ll have a wash fuck off mm so this is the this is the grace and and it ' s about
1737. mhm tut um to which like and i stayed in the same room mhm and he like er he drove me up and everyone else kinda turned up cos they were just close to the family yeah um she had this gorgeous louis vuitton dress on and nobody noticed but i noticed she had jonathan james shoes on do you know what jonathan james is? like shoe zone oh covered in you know
1740. again look today ' s date date and this time they tell you how they want it written here they don ' t tell you how they want it written here it just says name here it says name family first mm somebody ' s clearly not looked at it properly as a quality and curriculum reviewer i would say it needs to be reviewed right okay we ' ll tell them if we get a chance well er they
1747. met her years ago yeah yeah yeah you should erm you should take around or you ' d probably get on with her if she was out of the situation yeah definitely yeah of of all of the family and so that would what would that that would do to his mother? do you know where he lives? because if ever you were passing that way say i don ' t know where he lives oh give
1748. you ' d probably have er yeah yeah you ' d probably get on fine yeah i think i mean i it is a bit i just it ' s got to be ' s fault cos is family oh yeah i just reckon i think it ' s a bit odd that she really doesn ' t have anything to do with any of them like and she ' d like obviously you ' ve had your fair
1749. s doing that ' s what ' s trying to do yeah yeah yeah stay out of everything yeah so then you think okay she could be a little bit like her because mm but then again ' s family are just they ' re just so oh everything is just well i don ' t know why wants to be surrounded by them because she doesn ' t get on with any of them no i mean at your
1750. s no connection with me and them whatsoever mm erm i don ' t you know particularly get on with them and can ' t i mean every t every time we go out for any sort of family get - together you know after it ' s like hours of oh well you know all this and you just think oh she just competes with her sister for who can do the most erm oh yeah outrageous
1754. well it ' s not about everyone anyway it ' s about the two of you what about if you said okay well let ' s have the child but adopt it? immediately put it into a loving family of course you can ' t get rid of this baby you believe that you you yeah you shouldn ' t end this life yeah but we can ' t i don ' t want it yeah and if you
1755. yeah i can believe that it seems that if you pursue education you don ' t tend to do it well you ' ve gone the edge er you ' ve gone the academic route as opposed to the family family route haven ' t you? but maybe it ' s as you become because you ' ve postponed it a bit you start to develop these ideas of what a child should have a what a child a
1756. i can believe that it seems that if you pursue education you don ' t tend to do it well you ' ve gone the edge er you ' ve gone the academic route as opposed to the family family route haven ' t you? but maybe it ' s as you become because you ' ve postponed it a bit you start to develop these ideas of what a child should have a what a child a kind
1757. adults and then they should also be spending most of their time not just with a couple of adults but with a wide variety of adults that are able to teach them but isn ' t that what a family is? aunts and uncles and yeah you need a good family network so then again i look at my own life and think well you know i don ' t have a good family network i don '
1766. age mm oh right and the the way that they talk to each other i ' ve never really listened to the conversation but it ' s like an aun you talk to an auntie or a family friend you know? yeah anyway the last time i saw him i was in a hu a hurry but i just looked up and i just saw his face and he ' d got his hood up mm and
1767. ? yes three bedroom home in with my husband a good job managing care homes and three beautiful children nine six and three - year - old was from my previous relationship but was raising him as his own family life was organized chaos camping holidays and cup - cake baking marathons and every s sunny weekend we had a splashathon in the kids ' paddling pool good times but then two things collided i had
1768. and make up for the ones i ' ve wasted so now five months on we ' re all trying to be upde beat and try not to think of me as dying mm er sunday ' s family day and we all have dining table dinner monopoly dining table we all have dining table dinner monopoly blah recently wrote me a letter saying how proud she was of me i wept as i read it it was far
1770. ? yeah it ' s pretty bad pretty bad so that ' s a bit of a shocker ow yeah so i think we might be needing a trip to a and e tomorrow sunday oh yeah mm family outing to a and e yeah i ' m really scared well i mean if they do decide to drain it they ' ll give you a local anaesthetic you ' ll be alright i ' ll be
1771. and watch over your loved ones which would you choose? to be an ectoplasmic entity a ghost so you can haunt them if they ' re disrespectful or be the family cat who can pee in the linlinen cupboard if they speak ill of the dead? ghost or a cat? er a cat a cat cat? yeah cos then you actually do things anyway like
1777. he kept hiding little yes bags of gold around so that you know he could give them to them next time they came calling and h he hid other little bags as well to make sure that um the family could always eat in case he it ' s like a mafia arrangement well they did demolish some of the things in the jewellery quarter uh huh and they found these gold oh yeah sweepings ah well they
1778. ' m seeing on thursday and see if i get things organised okay super so the week after not next week cos the on the twenty - fifth we ' re going out we ' re taking the family out so it will be the first week probably in april yeah lovely yeah hmm before goes back to india yeah i was actually thinking about the photos and stuff would would maybe like to help you do it rather
1779. a yeah yeah that ' s there quite the right size i mean a lot of them obviously th the american they they wouldn ' t know the people anyway so it ' s only the people they the family people that they know yeah that would have to be included in this yeah because there ' s a lot of the others they don ' t know but if you wanted if there ' s a particularly favourite photo
1780. you? yeah what a lovely picture she looks very sparky doesn ' t she? she ' s beautiful and slept in the same bedroom mm hm they shared a bed that ' s when all the family were at home mm hm so how many how many pages do you think you might be i would he has to go through them actually i mean he hasn ' t yeah there ' s still all together i
1782. waste of time by other things yeah doesn ' t it? because and find you because you ' ve posted this we recommend this yeah that ' s right yeah well if we just had the the immediate family and you know yes including you the wider that yes that wouldn ' t be so bad that but you ' re right that we no we do have a few others don ' t we? well i suppose
1786. be yeah mm yeah erm yeah but still but it still hit you though don ' t it yeah i mean throw you yeah of course it does you can ' t help they ' re like the family aren ' t they? yeah it ' s funny you know even today today there were two pieces that other groups played and when they announced one which was the titanic theme oh what? yeah the titanic yeah
1787. that ' s another sad yeah erm what was her name? er she used to work on the nursery and she got meningitis do you remember that? and mm we were friendly with the family and the kids grew up with their kids yeah and she died it they were but when she had thought she had flu yeah then on the friday she had a really bad headache but she was working and i
1789. ##ging no first first of do get plenty of seagulls around here yeah it ' s cos the sea ' s just down the hill it ' s not far is it? we might get family there actually come and visit i mean if there ' s one place that they might come and visit it would probably be wouldn ' t it? might bring up on the train that ' s if he ever
1794. sit down at the table and finish your breakfast please? thank you jack - in - the - box good grief i ' m making an l - shape well before then you need to choose a a family day out that we ' re gonna do in the middle in between your birthdays don ' t you? or zoo yeah but it ' s up to isn ' t it? why have you put your
1801. to make t crushed chilli pepper how do you know this? mr gave us their chocolate drink oh what to drink it yourself? yeah was it nice? no it was terrible now is this a family? because the very first people that made chocolate o were the aztecs like a long time ago and their hot chocolates were very very bitter i think it was well not hot chocolate as in food chocolate
1808. dad i have a family business and the thing is that i i say that those things are are important they ' re also very practical as well hmm i mean i gain a lot of privilege from having family business uh they ' re a pain in the ass as well but if yeah i mean potentially it would be nice just to do london for a bit ' s great because it ' s got largest amounts of
1809. slang it ' s uh expletive expletives slang it is nonetheless rude boy that ' s very bad you ' re a rude boy that ' s very bad so how ' s the family business going? is are you pretty much? it ' s good touch wood yeah are you pretty much taking over? no no i ' m step back hmm i ' ve taken that ' s why i
1810. period of time because i ' ve learned all of these different kinds of structures and you know kind of how to work within management structure work within an environment uh hmm then you w worked walk into a family business and it ' s chaos perhaps with the chaos it ' s like you will do what i say when i say it is it your dad? yeah in control that ' s your job and um and
1811. hmm uh people don ' t you know that closeness that our fathers had when they were uh you know kind of f wherever they were from africa pakistan sri lan wherever there was a you know the the family unit was slightly different so we want to see how british society has affected that in a way fantastic sounds like phd material i hope hope a lot of good stuff comes out of it act i hope that it
1813. uh you know it ' s also it ' s also kind of nice because um in previous projects it ' s just been like oh yeah we ' re doing project blah blah but now because of the family aspect because he ' s got a little one uh and also because of the fact that um you know wanting to do a lot more of my own stuff away from the family business we ' ve kind of
1814. but now because of the family aspect because he ' s got a little one uh and also because of the fact that um you know wanting to do a lot more of my own stuff away from the family business we ' ve kind of come together at exactly the right it feels like the right time like hungry to do something so so yeah hmm hopefully it will be a good a good one sounds very interesting hopefully
1815. system of you know there ' s workers there ' s there ' s er italian er boss mafia yeah bosses there ' s there ' s the rich and the aristocrats like bruce wayne ' s family yeah and everyone lives but it ' s only when it starts getting unfair and worse for people obviously the people at the bottom like you know they always talk about gotham ' s underbelly it ' s
1825. sits mm but you know but it ' s not like making a chocolate blancmange and mm setting it in a pastry i was trying to describe it this was at that party on yes ' s family party mm and i was talking to his sister - in - law yes yes and erm she said how she liked school dinners and i said i wasn ' t sure i really liked school dinners very much
1828. kind of you know but yeah no everything ' s good things are good like his family are now giving me books to read oh wow which is always good yeah so get er get in there with the family so they ' re all just lovely so yeah yeah no like we ' re just mooching along not really like making any big decisions like moving in with each other or anything like that things like that
1836. you ' re just showing off mm put all the ginger in mm this is good this looks good what looks good? well it ' s food it smells nice it ' s just done in possibly for family ah sorry yeah i ' ve bought loads more leeks again they ' re just on such good value at the moment it ' s fine leeks good i like i think they make a better base for
1839. bit of the pantomime yeah it and they h put it on plates instead and then she met the queen of hearts and she was quite nice but her and she imagined the the invitation for her family then they came and then she erm she the queen of hearts where she plays croquet a person erm was playing croquet she erm there was a there was a thin pack of
1840. and who was playing the queen of hearts? justin justin? it ' s always justin playing the pantomime dame? mm yeah and then erm she gave them to erm the p their family while they so she could play croquet but instead the mum the dad and the sister mm they didn ' t know that they were for the prize so they ate them all oh but the queen said
1843. em i was staying there for about two nights oh she lived there? yeah she lived there she oh she was in banking? she was in she was working there and she was living in this host family house oh i see and i lived with and like i stayed with her and then she we went round together oh and she so she was in a language course or was she working there? no she was
1865. ' s a girl so that ' s maybe it ' s very strong dog it is very strong dog but she ' s so cute and fluffy talking about the other side of the other side of the family how is the wicked witch of the west? dunno oh no she ' s from the east actually no i w i didn ' t go i did go and see them when they came back from er
1866. d been down to the south of spain to stay with her mate but and their kids had gone with them and ' s son and his partner had gone with them so it was like it was like family on board well it was it was like it ' s only essex the only way is the only way is well it ' s the the only way is but in the south of i ' m surprised they
1867. t a disney world oh but they could ' ve gone to the nou camp oh they could ' ve done they could ' ve done and cannes it ' s so horrible no wonder we hate our family and they hate us so they went down there and i only went down there because i ' d er i ' d left i went over to take granddd out or out in the er in the car
1868. nut job ever until december kim ' s breasts are fucking huge oh and she ' s shocked she she ha she has shocking stretch marks and saggy breasts kanye doesn ' t even find her attractive a family insider has said that ' s so horrible well excuse me excuse me but i don ' t what ' s that? i don ' t have shocking stretch marks or whatever no it ' s jjust the
1871. ##aching some haddock in olive oil he always goes on always goes on as if he was brought up in sao paolo he ' s always it ' s what it ' s about you get the family together you get everything picked out it ' ll just be like posh pub food yeah and everything will be posh curry fancy burger yeah so i don ' t if that happens i ' m just gonna
1872. work is i know that ' s really good is but that ' s not really until the end of october i ' m looking forward to going to oxford and and manchester yeah that ' ll be fun family tandu tandu that ' s and manly a manly hen do a manly head do stag do yeah that ' ll be good like i hope ' s got his home by then cos everyone could
1874. us all these erm little pipe cleaners mm all in different colours and she said she wanted us to erm to represent ourselves as we are erm you know er to represent ourselves or our family as we feel we fit into the world mm and and and i did erm did a did the austin seven and i did two figures to go in the back didn ' t i? yeah that '
1876. that i don ' t know if he ' s paying very he won ' t be paying very much rent or you know that kind of thing he he might be con contributing because it ' s his family it ' s it ' s not like he ' s gonna be paying commercial rent so it ' s not going be quite as bad as was no who seems to be doing okay in her new situation yeah
1879. to eat well i wouldn ' t go into a pub just to drink really i ' ve i ' ve she likes to go the which one? the the is a erm it ' s a family sort of erm restaurant yeah mm do a really quite nice carvery erm and it ' s four pounds i think four four pound fifty or something for a carvery mm which is fine cos
1881. ##m we ' ve got a camera so we can see who ' s coming up the dri i wouldn ' t want to live in such a mm a big house if i was like a big family then okay mm but like and jodie ' s yeah they ' ve got a big house yeah they have yeah i ' m so jealous of their trampoline their house yeah their trampoli their
1882. are more much more professional in in running in their business yeah you know the business is run much more professionally yeah but you know during that era all these businesses were run by sort of were sort of family businesses and they were sort of you know just run into the ground weren ' t they? yeah yeah and like the people who owned them used to take as much as they could out of it they used
1883. t you couldn ' t do everything without no it ' s like you know if you have a break in and stuff like and there ' s these people sort of yeah yeah you know devastated all their family photos are gone and things you think well i know yeah worse things have happened yeah of course they do and then next minute you read about you know goes through some town in africa and set fire to everything
1884. work in eight hours you ' re not sufficiently efficient mm hm hallelujah yeah that ' s a good point yeah but the northern europeans seem to be leading the way on that with more emphasis on family and less of an emphasis on work yeah it ' s good i don ' t know i don ' t know because i don ' t know where i ' m gonna go with this sentence i ' m
1885. was born oh yeah erm to sort of tell her that oh yeah you know? and i felt erm but i just i went mm i thought well yes you always give them music but for family you know? yeah yeah erm but because she is she was born in the january and was born in the erm the october so they ' re both that same year seventy - three yeah oh right
1886. ' m not su i i get the impression when she says things about her friends is there like there ' s not that warmth there when she talks about like me and my pals mm mm like family we ' re all like family with the way is and things oh but erm s family was in d dublin just outside of dublin oh are they? so they didn ' t have any? mm no
1887. get the impression when she says things about her friends is there like there ' s not that warmth there when she talks about like me and my pals mm mm like family we ' re all like family with the way is and things oh but erm s family was in d dublin just outside of dublin oh are they? so they didn ' t have any? mm no no i didn ' t realise
1889. sea look and the spires of rovinj the spires of rovinj i knew you were gonna do that are you gonna write some your memoirs down when you ' re older cock? family ranch fortuna oh do you know what i could nibble? oh for god ' s sake you ' ve just stuffed your face with pork and chips stuffed my face? stuffed my face? i '
1890. such but you can identify the two figures and tristram doesn ' t really figure in it very much does that make sense em it ' s a very odd novel it ' s more about his family and what happened before he was born and what happens when he ' s a very young child and stuff eh right and is a vicar yeah? yeah eh very nice interesting just to to yorkshire and about yeah
1896. parents? and i ' m like oh yeah they were in fes and france with my sister how long ' s this dinner ready then? they ' re like oh yeah they ' re on a family holiday without me and they were and people were genuinely like excuse me we did offer you the opportunity yeah but after i ' d already booked to go on holiday other w elsewhere no but you were you said
1899. blunt was a politician that was called he was called out by margaret thatcher in the seventies as being a communist spy in the war no he wasn ' t a politician he was the the the the royal family ' s erm top bloke to look after their entire private collection in the uk he looked after the collection okay of that of that yeah so he was put in power with the the king and
1902. will translate it over here ah if need be and that that ' s why i said to you you need it as proof and you could be i mean i don ' t know how much erm family allowance is but it ' s quite a lot about ten pounds or more it might be even is it? i don ' t know it might be even eighteen pounds a week which is a lot if you
1903. yeah like a dude gets pregnant it ' s like eerie indiana and it ' s a bit like roald dahl a little bit erm kind of but not really but like in that really sort of family like story kind of thing we should watch one it would be great together mm we could watch bmx bandits nicole kidman ' s first movie oh yeah yeah erm that ' s like this that '
1906. downsizing so they ' re selling their current house pocketing pocketing the difference basically yeah yeah and hoping that ' ll mean that erm can retire so they ' re selling their three - bed family - size bungalow people are thinking now same size as grandma ' s really yeah erm yeah er same size as dad do you want er a drop more? i ' m alright thank you you ' re
1910. because er he was with that the er rising presence of erm the bolsheviks in erm england would have greater effect if the er russian royal family were in the uk mm cos they were actually family weren ' t they? they were mm having said that er the kaiser did not make an offer but obviously that would have been because er germany and russia were at war at the time mm was there anything
1915. ' s a shame and then apparently on the site where they got massacred they built the church i found that quite surprising really and there was the little mosaic pictures of the yes was it all the family? or just those four girls? erm i think as far as i ' m aware i think it was the four girls four girls and they were worshiped by i think they were greek orthodox people
1920. of history books i ' m not sure and that historian orlando baigs said why would they let one teenage girl run away? cos apparently there was just one person shooting at each member of the family so there was a whole group of soldiers there ' d be five children and mum and dad so that ' s seven and i don ' t know whether they had any or mm uh well as you pointed
1922. into your board games there ' s so much be like yeah there ' s so much more out there whereas monopoly is almost like oh we don ' t really play our board games well we play a family game once a year and we ' ll just play that yeah whereas do you play lots of board games in your family? oh i am the board game queen really? cos then ah it ' s
1927. ##m shortlisted and did she end up with someone? no basically they dropped those couple dropped out before the serie they literally went did all of that and then they backed out of it yeah because apparently the family put pressure on them and i can imagine that cos like i can imagine that i guess you sort of like go you ' d humour whoe your daughter or whatever through it and then when you realise
1931. ' s done mm and it was like a picture of fifa and he was like there ' s my weekend and he ' s like you ' ve just told us that yeah you ' re like doing family stuff and then it ' s quite clear you ' ve just but fair enough fifa is fifa but it is stupid though isn ' t it like ' s forty minutes away he could have come saturday morning and
1932. is i dunno dunno erm but then maybe not because it ' s his brother who ' s organised it and it might just be a case of like yeah his like the guys from the family and your friends from school erm so i just put i ' m out that saturday erm would really like to catch up with you soon though and then and then put sorry that ' s my hen
1935. lot of a lot of uh thank god through the toilet it is pretty much yeah luckily that ' s really funny what? being and the jews? yeah yeah it ' s a problem in between his family i ' ve watched episodes but not as much? i haven ' t got that yep so you? yes just after i uh one and all lost and that ' s seven that ' s quite a challenge
1936. serve serve oh there you go family what have you done with the shallots? they ' ve yet to be served oh sorry and i ' m on my own well that looks tremendous actually oh mm mm yum oh mm thank you dear
1937. getting bigger now erm yes yes so the whole connection though it ' s amazing isn ' t it? yeah really it is you know in way i know is a sort of focal point for the family but erm just how shshe would have been there i don ' t know she would have been there from gosh i suppose well i went sixty - four to sixty - seven and she left
1939. ' s an old man and he ' s in his eighties i expect and he ' s just continuing on what he ' s done all his life really because he also erm so he does his family of ' s as well right but then he does as they as they branch out he ' ll do you know the the branch of where if married so and so he ' ll marry oh right he does
1941. s scale yeah yeah okay you know but but i ' ve never met him but through all his letters er he he ' s quite outspoken and that but what is the connection of the family to the family? oh he ' d i think he ' s a sec a third cousin to me i ' ll tell you now right can i take that from you? yes and i ' ll i ' ll because
1958. baptist chapel and its ministers and its members it yes fifty years isn ' t it? forty - one mm so he compiled this and actually i all the ' s mentioned in this booklet are my immediate family erm and is my father but so i ' ve kind of i ca i don ' t know that there are any fo oh i don ' t i thought i might have underlined different people
1960. the first one when he see she ' s a widow right yeah but she ' s the first one in eighteen seventy - one farmer of four hundred and fifty acres who went to so she took the family there she took the family there from cos she ha her she was a widow yes and she thought she would try something different i suppose yes i don ' t i i don ' t really saw this
1961. see she ' s a widow right yeah but she ' s the first one in eighteen seventy - one farmer of four hundred and fifty acres who went to so she took the family there she took the family there from cos she ha her she was a widow yes and she thought she would try something different i suppose yes i don ' t i i don ' t really saw this as an opportunity maybe oh
1962. ' s a brilliant thing and this old woman knows a bit about it yeah yeah you can get passenger lists wow so i put in and get all the passengers lists and then put them into the right family yeah wow but it doesn ' t look as if he ever married because there doesn ' t seem to be any ' s left but no oh i ' ll have to tell you another story so there they
1963. you see i ' ll tell you this one cos they ' re all families of them and if i remember right but then i communicated with this chap in america mm and that ' s his family mm and let ' s get to him this one is really lovely because we ' re related to this man twice oh when i get to him mm mm there it is oh well then we we can that
1965. gulf of knowledge that you have that ' s very impressive and there ' s but there ' s one in one of them i ' ve written it down and it ' s not to do with our family but it is somebody bur buried my i s i wrote it down cos i thought it was so awful erm may his soul rest he was bu oh and a baptist buried in the grave like
1966. great - great - grandfather ' s wedding erm so i ' ve actually got quite interested in my great - great - gra no my great - grandfather erm er and so he took the family out to oh i see yes and granny spent her formative years in in so i i some of these are missing i ' ve actually taken them yes but erm that would ' ve been my that
1967. don ' t think right cos somebody was telling me that erm not because i was saying but they were saying that erm they wanted to to get into looking for their you know oh yes family search i think that ' s place is called right they were saying well i don ' t know if i want to use that one and i was saying why not? you know but as you say the
1969. were royals but they were thrown out so they yeah now that ' s a wild generalisation but they do like it oh my grandma she was you know yeah that kind of business yeah erm but family search ' s used family search i quite prefer erm find my past find my past yeah really or ancestry dot com i mean you have to subscribe to it so you have to make a payment yeah
1970. thrown out so they yeah now that ' s a wild generalisation but they do like it oh my grandma she was you know yeah that kind of business yeah erm but family search ' s used family search i quite prefer erm find my past find my past yeah really or ancestry dot com i mean you have to subscribe to it so you have to make a payment yeah but they ' ve got
1981. means raining hard but we also say i just said it i ' m going for a pany pany it means a wee i only use words like that when i ' m in the company of family stylistic variation yeah yeah i definitely myself the gypsy blood comes out yeah go for a pany or legging it yeah legging it ' s raining hard legging it is running is raining hard yeah and
1982. t it was so tender last time as you get older you see what you put your parents through you know the time we went travelling and stuff? mm yeah my brother started doing it recently and the family you do worry quite a lot yeah was get was really worried you could see he going to thailand he was really worried about him went out there is going to thailand christmas yeah well i ' m worried about
1987. re pretty well placed aren ' t you? you ' re there aren ' t you? five minutes from and five minutes from the centre of town really i mean if you were for instance an academic family er you ' re not going to have that much money but and you both worked at the university or something like that right that would be well yes i mean and this is well walk to work this is
1988. living together and getting married and stuff and that was within within three weeks definitely ah mm and has he met the boodhoos? mm even that within two months we ' d done all the family stuff oh yeah do your parents love him? mm they do they really like him ah so yeah i remember at the time everyone was going oh this is going too fast it ' s not gonna last but
1996. ' s been getting up early in the morning and taking her friend to the hospital okay er organising food and she ' s been looking after them and er she ' s been up looking after her own family oh but erm oh yeah so but and they ' ve given her lots of fruit you know cos people obviously take fruit to hospital and erm we ' ve got all this fruit at home and
1999. to eleven i said that you were eight cos you are nearly eight erm this will include talking to schloppy which is the charac the puppet on camera taking part in some other family first activities erm and being on the receiving end of some bad jokes erm so yeah how exciting what if what happens if we find them funny? i ' m sure you ' ll be allowed to
2002. re chores that the child ' ll have to do yeah you should you should do a certain amount yeah without being paid for it yeah and and and the biggest nark we had was er we got family allowance and they thought that was for them they did you got family allowance that ' s enough that ' s that ' s money for us no it ' s money to buy you food and clothes she was
2004. i don ' t know how old she heard it at school didn ' t she? or whatever mm she must ' ve heard it at school yeah perhaps they were all saying it to their parents yeah family allowance should be for us not for them mm they don ' t think how much you gotta pay out for em buying when she kicked her shoes to pieces bought her a new pair of shoes thirty - five
2008. occasion what? you went when you said family when it ffamily then f you you raised your eyebrows did i? yeah when you said family oh like this well i don ' t know why family and she went it was like but you do family and went you do not have two parties wha i don ' t even i don ' t think even the queen has two parties she has three er
2011. i don ' t wanna go in the rocket oh those erm there was those twelve singers the other night they were quite good what the blokes? yeah yeah and last night there was that family of singers did they get through? that family did they get through? the neales yeah yeah they got through yeah you liked them didn ' t you dad? i did like them yeah i didn '
2013. to the wedding? it ' s ' s wedding it ' s right after christmas so i will need to be oh right around er you made it sound like it was like some sort of like important family wedding that would stop er stop you coming no cos i ' ve got grandparents are getting married? yeah it ' s about about time erm so yeah so my parents have basically said we ' re
2017. they went off sort of together with a few of them ' s close to them all that ' s nice the oldest with the mm brother not there but she said he noticed how different was with the family because she reverted back to being a child with the parents it was it was a little bit difficult to get used to it but that just happens doesn ' t it? yes perhaps a few days is enough
2019. to or not cos he was here and could see what was happening mm and said he thought erm she thought that she should stop having these sort of conversations because it wasn ' t helping the family that ' s what she said but she must ' ve meant dad and i i think yeah erm but anyway took it into the psy not the psychiatrist some sort of counsellor and she got really
2023. because erm er because they need a younger work u w they need more people for the workforce but also traditionally what used to happen erm was that erm as you had a er an extended family the the youngsters used to look after their parents or grandparents mm right er but you might ' ve seen on the news the other night that because erm this is a real paradox because people are living
2024. doesn ' t it? yeah yeah that says a lot and i i think erm but er aand and there ' s erm and i i asked someone who what ' s happened to the family? erm and er it ' s it it er we you can ' t always you always don ' t know what the full truth is mm but what they say is that most of the f yeah
2033. yeah and i think that ' s why yeah don ' t like it because she was d she ' s made me so scared like you have to be home before it ' s dark mm bless happy family oh so i think that ' s what happened and she she ' s adamant it ' s not i ' m like mum you conditioned me gives you some psychology in there she was like no i ' ve
2036. ours in particular to see it to see it yeah mm yeah and and well we knew her when she was supposed to be bad and we were at village hall to a dance yeah right? and the family were there and she was and right as rain and her mum said can you take her home now? and she was having a wonderful time dancing she was dancing right? and having a fantastic and her mum
2039. just picked it up sorry just picked it up sorry just picked it up just just sorry just picked your message up or something like that er had a rather mental night er say i had a rather mental family piss - up last night or something like that piss - up it wasn ' t in the dictionary not that oh the pigs oh i love the pigs in the space of fifty yards that ' s impressive nice
2040. cancelling it and i keep pressing close rather than cancel erm because my it ' s got an extra set of buttons of to to mine hi sorry just picked your message up had a rather mental family piss - up last night erm er erm er driving at the moment er er brackets typing typing erm er er er and then just details details details exclamation mark okay i put hi
2041. driving at the moment er er brackets typing typing erm er er er and then just details details details exclamation mark okay i put hi sorry just picked your message up had a rather mental family piss - up last night driving at the moment typing so do you think that should be er you trying to just pick a message up comma yeah hyphen et cetera rather than full stop full
2042. rather than full stop full stop it shouldn ' t be a full stop it should be a comma or a hyphen after pick your message up? yeah because that the had a mental rather family had a rather mental family piss - up is explaining the reason alright okay why i ' ve just picked it up honestly comma had a rather you ' re not very good at this you paused in a
2043. stop it shouldn ' t be a full stop it should be a comma or a hyphen after pick your message up? yeah because that the had a mental rather family had a rather mental family piss - up is explaining the reason alright okay why i ' ve just picked it up honestly comma had a rather you ' re not very good at this you paused in a full stop kind of way
2044. you ' re not very good at this you paused in a full stop kind of way no i didn ' t i paused so you could write it hi sorry just picked your message up had a rather family piss - up last night that ' s better driving at the moment bracket is typing close brackets full stop details details details que exclamation mark yeah is that a question mark and exclamation
2048. i ' ve never discovered this world before and you can tell from the feedback and the reviews that well not everybody but if you pick the right ones based on reviews they treat you like part of the family and mm mm nice in they can be having a traditional whatever meal with that mum or grandma ' s cooked and be at the table with the whole family and other volunteers so it ' s exciting can '
2052. so no it ' s not and then yeah er i know this friend who once move up to manchester they bought a house oh yeah? and it ' s like erm it ' s like a family home it ' s like a three bed they ' re a couple and it ' s like a three bed house with garden like amazing just done the kitchen living room and dining room it ' s like really
2056. go visit them i don ' t even like them mm like if i really worry well i don ' t i don ' t i don ' t why would we? we can have a two week family holiday well i use the word worry but if i ever get married i don ' t w i ' m not inviting them mm i don ' t want to pay to have these people at my wedding who
2061. ' d eaten so far is there ' s a pub just out on that main street we came in and that ' s just because it ' s up the road so when we moved we took the family there and we went for a really good carvery in a pub actually dean street oh yeah it ' s very close oh is it? nice near oh we walked past didn ' t we? yep so
2062. don ' t have to go for any job interviews i don ' t need to dress up smart we ' ve already i mean i was only home for a week yeah this and a week in my family i managed to do twenty hours of recording so that was like three hundred and fifty pounds just for i did about four hours oh wow they paid you though? they ' re paying me at the end of
2064. would imagine one of them might be like erm topicality like what topics are people talking about depending on their relationships cos in one of the questions they ask you is you know is this close family is this friends is it loose friends is it this kind of stuff? so i guess add to the topics that is spoken about because they asked me to list every topic there ' s and i mean today
2068. i had a family of mice living in my wardrobe and it turned out to be a bottle of lemonade? so she heard the rustling of the lemonade itself and thought she ' d got a family of ice in her wardrobe did it want to explode in her wardrobe? must have done it really made me laugh that ' s funny and her friend wrote alcohol dot dot dot because no good stories start with
2074. wednesday? yeah okay well i ' ll just drive straight from th well i don ' t know whether to drive or not cos the like said that my car will be a hindrance on his family for the whole time do you think they ' ll mind? well ththey have the they they ' ve only got er two spaces on their drive well i don ' t know oh i see i
2075. with who before? kate oh yeah i mean kate died did you ever see her death scene? it was the worst death scene ever she got shot and there was no blood anywhere oh it ' s family television you can ' t have blood in family tv wasn ' t even a speck not even a tiny bit you know just with her and mark had got together was there not splatter on the
2082. lifestyle out there it ' s lovely it is definitely so cos i i mean living in a foreign country is not something that ' s ever ever appealed to me much mm hm em and with my family being quite as international as they are yeah em i ' ve always have kinda had that opportunity yeah yeah so eh but no i ' d much prefer here rather than yeah and then go travelling there if you
2087. ? are grown up now no i ' m but that way you wouldn ' t have to move all your shit you know? cos where would you put everything if you rented that out to a family? and you think you think the damage and is gonna do compared to having like a family in there it ' s children and i mean er just for an example no it would be like renting my
2106. of l it ' s almost like a lack of manners mm yeah erm they have some really good family values and mm the mother always yeah puts a lot of emphasis on them being together as a family and yeah the mother is only something horrendous like thirty - four she doesn ' t look old does she? she ' s not she ' s like only a few years older than me and
2107. gonna have to turn it off mm cos they they all shout don ' t they rather than speak? the or at least the one i saw yeah and i think it was christmas or the a family night it ' s all a bit chaotic and they were gonna do some sort of charades sort of charades or something and it was all and dad disappeared off to go and go to the pub or
2108. we had a look in there no where ' s this? where was it or something? no there was no chairs or anything oh b and m b and m home yes that ' s right value family value yeah it ' s not very good in? yeah it is like an american supermarket isn ' t it? yeah but if you keep going and go to where that italian cafe is oh yes yes they
2114. ' ve already done street view for it and it ' s quite near to the well it ' s a short walk towards that place we had a meal which side of town is it? for the family with the family remember? that ' s right in the middle where we had a meal? yeah it ' s well if you walk up the road that is at the end when you what ' s go
2115. done street view for it and it ' s quite near to the well it ' s a short walk towards that place we had a meal which side of town is it? for the family with the family remember? that ' s right in the middle where we had a meal? yeah it ' s well if you walk up the road that is at the end when you what ' s go into street yeah
2122. could start a restaurant he could do that thing is he works in the restaurant with his parents and they ' re really quite pushy that he stays in the restaurant cos it ' s like a family business and i said what would happen if he left? and was like oh they ' ll probably never talk to me again which i ' m sure is an exaggeration they would talk to him again
2124. actually he was like oh you got to be more careful i was like sorry i ' m a novice they just stand on the slope having a chat they don ' t get out the way so funny family have a chalet in france and they were skiing a few days ago whereabouts in france? they were all experienced skiers but it hilarious his aunt reminds me a bit of dawn french a bit big quite
2127. that sort of thing never really works so um i when i i ' ve never been on a stag night myself but uh yeah i don ' t really like the idea it ' s not always family and friends is it because no just different groups of friends like it depends on it depends doesn ' t it i mean but i think there ' s certain things about it that that i wouldn ' t like
2129. shshe was you know and so that ' s awful she was just swept aside and she didn ' t know what was going on with and i mean and all the next of kin were the family she was completely distraught and we ' d actually w the these two that well that one and his sister were small tots we ' d just got down to which means pile two small children into a car
2138. ' re trying to charge him oh no he ' s never stayed in travel lodge in fact the night that they said that he was there he was actually with my sister they were out it was some family thing and they were out and erm but but they ' re insisting they ' re saying no it was him mm and er then they said they ' d got erm a driving licence number so said
2141. like some llaw from the sixteenth century which the college is allowed to keep it so long as it has livestock on it for six months of the year otherwise they have to give it to the royal family oh ah give it back to the queen so there ' s like these two cows that just like chill and like fat cows that can ' t even lift onto their legs they ' re just like they just
2142. the they lost the trojan war and they try and set up camp in in italy and they ' re there and they ' re hunting and they kill someone ' s deer and it ' s like a family pet deer so they ' re sort of they ' re all the italian people get annoyed and they start having a war with the trojan people oh my god i ' m gonna tell well send the her the
2145. just your ceremony and then later on you have your wedding blessed or something if you that ' s entirely up to you but you do it because you want to not because you think oh gosh the family like it to do this i mean i ' m sure that that yes knowing me what would you ' s parents what would you say i should do? don ' t get married just don ' t get
2159. s she ' s not giving him room to have both and he ' s being weak so he ' s he ' s yeah i thought a near death experience might have yes brought him closer to his family but maybe it pushed him further away rather than pushed him oh yeah i think it it seems to it it does seem an interesting come in dear tuck in i ' m full up it does seem an interesting
2167. t have any of those things tut when his daddy abandoned him literally every single film is about father yeah abandonment close encounters er richard dreyfuss goes off with the aliens it ' s like family? what family? see you later he ' s got issues i don ' t think he directs films really anymore spielberg i thought he directed war horse oh was that hi or did he just produce it?
2169. the evenings very often but what they didn ' t what the lady didn ' t realise her elderly mother lives with them oh no and she would sit in the living room with a tray mm and the family would sit in the in the kitchen or on the dining room so the dog would go into the living room and just sit like that so mum old dear would every single time would feed the dog oh no
2170. yeah she got an alert that she ' d gone on that er just yeah i was just think er cos of that my one of my oh what is it? somesomebody vaguely in the family ' s daughter they sent a a snapshot on facebook and said look this is er you know only on tinder or whatever and somebody had gone oh hi how are you? i ' m okay how
2171. it and i loved the way she was always referred to as mrs smiling there was only one or two occasions where the main character referred to her by name yeah and erm the the the oddball family oh yeah i thought was fab i really liked it because if you read any of those kind of thomas hardy type you know books where they are kind of all set in the countryside yeah but this is
2174. out on her bike oh that ' s good hey you put my birthday in just checking don ' t read someone ' s diary you ' re a health champion for the team yeah for the teams a family practice teams you know they ' re lovely teams you know the river team is the same word as the river thames? no is it? yeah it is yeah just like the river tees and the tyne
2175. difficult to have a conversation with didn ' t they feel sorry for her or something they helped her with her bike or something once yeah and then she kept coming round became adopted apparently we ' re her family she just came round randomly and just kept walking in the house yeah they didn ' t seem to get rid of her either she was really fat as well did you know anything about those boys dying just outside
2176. i suppose that ' s not so applicable these days no i don ' t know i think it ' s just a way to save money here sort of thing and mm you know they ' re very family oriented more than in england yeah that ' s true i always feel weird saying that like you know in england people don ' t care about their family it ' s different but it ' s just a different
2180. on how they actually find other people through their own direct experience yeah i know then in my experience of human beings is that we all want to love and be loved we all want the best for our family yeah we all want to have enough of everything and we generally do yep you know i worked at charitable organisations where people are living in extreme poverty and so it does exist it does exist in uhu in
2182. s hilarious i dunno whose name it is what ' s your baby boy called? oh lovely no a surname i think not a first name oh okay that ' s any better we ' re the family what ' s the english equivalent? skidmark? oh dear okay so yeah that ' d be good mm yeah we ' ll see how we feel anyway yeah still trying to decide and i need to
2185. get called fam what? what is that? i ' m like i ' m not some hygiene product what are you calling me? what is that? fam it ' s like short for family alright fam? what is you know these who is family? chavs what is their what is their issue with family and brothers and mothers and? i don ' t know i don ' t know
2191. a good cook mm yeah but she doesn ' t really like cooking doesn ' t really no she doesn ' t enjoy it she says yeah i suppose it ' s different when you ' ve got a family if you ' ve got to do it every day well i think your dad does a bit of cooking occasionally maybe mm if ' s not available he ' s not bad mm well i think i think said
2193. it ' s an acquired taste if you don ' t like spinach then you won ' t like nettles oh yeah it ' s a very similar flavour i don ' t like the cabbage family at all no well if you don ' t like spinach you ' ve had no then you ' re definitely not but nettles are incredibly good for you they ' re full of iron oh that
2196. that we know and erm i ' m thinking and yeah that ' s five oh right mm i had a feeling we knew more vegetarians i can ' t think of any now even ' s family yeah are meat eaters yeah mm well that ' s like religion you choose it after you ' re of course you do so old don ' t you and momost er girls try to be vegetarian er
2197. s not fair is it really? i mean i suppose in a sense we we should use them but well we could use them we but you know we we have the right to the rest of the family would like to say well hang on a minute we ' ll have only the yeah common two - letter words needs to be one or the other in at on up doesn ' t it? yeah yeah either
2198. like this whole month has already you know? i know hurtled through oh yeah i i dunno whether that ' s because i ' m in a different place and it all feels quite new but family name erm? with two ns okey - dokey and age? seventy - two right till next month oh right okay what date ' s your birthday? twenty - fifth of february okay i can
2199. been i have to say i haven ' t been in the itself so i ' m sure the itself hasn ' t changed that much cos it was a delightful right delightful place a l a lovely family that erm were running it and i think still do and they had a house here as well in erm but i mean this was the other end of the earth then from the right okay yeah sure
2201. that he does keep in touch with ' s got a house in so oh right we tend to see them here yeah more than we see them in the uk yeah i ' m the one that has family erm with a sister and family there and close cousins mm so we do we do sometimes mm stop over on the way mm either to canada or on the way back mm d ' you? erm
2206. stone building that is now today oh right okay cos it ' s the same family oh is it? mm oh and er and they were housed there while they were building this new school mm on family land mm mm erm and of course as soon as this building was done they moved all the children up here and moved the er newspaper into ah that building er and then they were growing so fast they
2207. the kremlin and it well it was very interesting yeah but we but then after glasnost we were actually the first state comprehensive school that did a russian exchange an actual exchange oh wonderful family exchange mm that ' s very interesting mm and so the kids obviously s responded well i mean the british kids g really liked being in russia and enjoyed the exchanges yes they found it very different yeah aand
2208. but they di there was a fair chance they ' d get hold of me on a sunday morning would i get hold of the s they and they were because the k you can imagine the type of family it was if the kid was like that the family were were fairly elusive i ' d got to get hold of the s and get one of the s up to birmingham to collect their oh gosh child
2210. erm erm the daughter of a cousin of ' s as it turned out erm but she erm was even from the age of three quite a talented little actress right used to entertain the family with her acts and went to drama s went to saturday drama classes and was erm spotted by a drama scout mm and joined the erm national youth right theatre wow and did erm the ragged child
2211. i used to go and i ' d cut through the church and i always used to when i had time go and and just read and you sort of look and see how old people are and the family and yeah erm you know like they had two children or three children that died and then there ' s one that died in the forties and you think actually look one of them made it and just
2212. don ' t think i was even in my teens i said look at all these babies that died why were the babies all dying? mm and he said erm because there ' d be a a family grave and the children all made and when you look at the dates that they died as well they ' d perhaps be within two weeks or a month yeah and he said it would be what did he say
2215. all their sports and their clubs then no that ' s true actually and you know if we could keep they are expensive aren ' t they though for us? if we could keep one holid one family holiday a year well they might not wanna come that ' s the problem but at least with skiing because it ' s an active holiday they ' re more likely to wanna come with us yeah yeah but it
2216. windscreen? wanna go and get cats out of trees? there ' s brains all over the place is that what you wanna do? i wanna be in a community job where everyone works likes a family i wanna help people yeah? i wanna work i ' m sorry be in a fire house right that yeah that is part of it you ' re part of the team but you would see a lot a
2218. don ' t know anyway nan is running out of money right? she ' s running out of money i don ' t know where that ' s gonna go do they come to the next level of family? i don ' t know but the care staff have said to mum oh she ' s really strong she ' s gonna be a hundred and five but she can ' t afford to stay there on her
2220. enthusiastic and was going to do it and then he sort of no no nno you know i didn ' t want to he was all shy and everything and so they said er do it as a family come on so the three of us ended up doing a pitch for some oh ski hat had chosen but once he got into it like we sort of started him off and once he got into it you know
2221. won ' t you? because yeah so we ' re gonna have this huge amount of people h h living at i know aged a hundred that are going to have to be looked after yes by the family or and if if naif nan wasn ' t well if nan wasn ' t looked after shshe wouldn ' t ' ve lasted this long but i mean she ' s literally she ' s fed
2222. said and i didn ' t even run and i said i want to be waited on hand and foot for the rest of the evening athleti er cross - country is not for us as a family no no it ' s not for us draw a line we ' re gonna stick with tennis draw a line much more civilised anyway what was happening at the in the at school i ' ve got to
2224. else ' d be able to fit in type of thing which is very mean mean? i was gonna say then but true true i know but but yeah i know but if you start hearing your own family but she ' s not that big is she? no she ' s not erm but er yeah so i don ' t er oh how is? she ' s not very good i don ' t
2225. and went down there and erm i can ' t remember what happened but there was a big hoo - ha at the table mm i think on christmas day? yeah on christmas day oh typical family do then? yeah yeah and i i dunno who i can ' t she did tell me but i can ' t remember and i ' m not even gonna try and dig deep and find it mm
2228. he ' s got his brothers and sisters he might have nephews yeah but they ' re not his descendants are they? no but they would have been an an heir wouldn ' t they? well family get heir hunters on to it mm yeah find the hunt find the family that ' s good that is yeah you watch heir hunters? ah it ' s a good programme it ' s very exciting when they
2231. s yeah but yeah it was absolutely amazing and cos we had the the spitfire flew one the wing mm yeah and it went under the other wing and that was because the erm the people the family of the guy that flies the spitfire they were actually on the the sortie that we were on oh so that was why he we nobody else had the spitfire apart from us lucky lucky oh i tell you
2232. ? and that was with you you remember and from the ball? yes yeah yeah cos ' s obviously battle of britain yeah engineer or whatever so yeah it was a open day at raf er a family day rather so every you went on there was all this stuff going on mm and stands and stalls but the people that were with the battle of britain memorial people were in that separate bit yeah yeah and nobody
2239. ah well huh have they got their summer holiday planned? yeah bacton bacton? oh right what up in that cottage yeah? yeah whose cottage is it? oh i think it ' s f family cottage yeah yeah and i went to bacton the other week and i ' m not being funny it ' s a it ' s a bit of a it ' s a bit of a dive ain '
2241. meant so she had to mm explain what mm a midnight feast is and she ' s learning arabic and yeah and she loves it there she ' s er she talks arabic it ' s a really nice family did we tell you about the the women ' s day that was the other day? no there ' s there ' s a women ' s day apparently international women ' s day oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
2245. ' s just it ' s just precisely but they ' d literally be sleeping like hang on like there like that see? like four like very affectionate people who are very well acquainted well like a family in other words? yeah yeah no but i think you would like there wouldn ' t be much room to like wiggle around oops yeah yeah well well yeah i helpfully left that on the table
2255. the family the durrell family moved to corfu when oh really? when gerald durrell was a kid and he was just amazing that this english family and he wrote a lovely book called my family and other animals about being transplanted out of grey old england to corfu at the age of nine yeah it ' s worth reading the tretraudy tetrology tetr whatever what does what
2272. in the country at the time oh right er they are the longest running the they ' re still going mm yeah and yeah they are still going yeah from great - great - great - grandma and the family well ' s family comes from some of the s i ' ve even got a picture of granny ain ' t i? mm yeah yeah so we can go quite right the way back really mm well my
2273. the time oh right er they are the longest running the they ' re still going mm yeah and yeah they are still going yeah from great - great - great - grandma and the family well ' s family comes from some of the s i ' ve even got a picture of granny ain ' t i? mm yeah yeah so we can go quite right the way back really mm well my mother worked out hers
2274. families mm one from africa and one from europe mm and that was it but it does make you wonder mm well you know it could be right i mean like if you think about a tribe as a family yeah yeah but they ' re finding out more and more about mm yeah but there can ' t have been two i mean otherwise you wouldn ' t get be more than that the diversity of looks would you
2275. re scared to go out of their houses after eight o ' clock at night and you think god you know and there ' s oh yeah and the whole neighbourhood mm what would you do if a immigrant family come and live next door? and oh that ' s terrible and all this sort of thing terrible and i ' m sort of thinking this guy you know is you know always you know a bit sort of
2276. ' s really but apparently they say in china it ' s doing wonders for the rural economy yeah? because before you had all these villages where people are living hand to mouth yeah you know like every family ' s got like three acres and they spend all the year growing food just to eat and nothing left over yeah and they ' re saying all their children are then seeing no future in it and then leaving
2277. which is gonna be entertaining with i don ' t quite know how it ' s gonna work and then the week after that we ' re going down to mm oh down here which is where ' s family come from mm so we ' re gonna go and visit all of his cousins and his grandparents and his grandparents live on a farm oh yeah and yeah so yeah so how long about a week in er er
2280. so there what ' s the difference between spectators and audience? i don ' t know well done that ' s spectating is sport excellent so what were you given as the topic? just a family scene? do a different relationships or family or is it is it are you doing the four different? yeah things yeah we ' ll do family tomorrow and do the same thing what four different things? er
2281. spectators and audience? i don ' t know well done that ' s spectating is sport excellent so what were you given as the topic? just a family scene? do a different relationships or family or is it is it are you doing the four different? yeah things yeah we ' ll do family tomorrow and do the same thing what four different things? erm family school social we media and relationships
2282. so what were you given as the topic? just a family scene? do a different relationships or family or is it is it are you doing the four different? yeah things yeah we ' ll do family tomorrow and do the same thing what four different things? erm family school social we media and relationships? relationships obviously family doesn ' t count as relationships no we do erm school relationships okay and now
2287. and relationships? relationships obviously family doesn ' t count as relationships no we do erm school relationships okay and now you ' re on family? and on family and next week we ' ll be doing family doesn ' t have to be really negative like it comes across er on the telly you know mm yeah erm christmas day stresses and stuff and we were all really chuffed basically i don ' t
2289. sets them up with bad habits from the start i think if they if they had a home stay for the five or ten weeks and a presessional mm and actually integrated into life in a family and kinda got a bit more exposed to the culture and embraced living in a different country yeah that ' s and and separate them when don ' t let them choose the same roommates for a whole year
2292. and they go on a kangaroo hunt and stuff it ' s really weird what was that what was that one aussie film we saw? i don ' t know it was weird it was about that family what? castle it ' s called the castle er i don ' t know it was what was it called? the castle ah oh right er with that weird kid that like a teenage kid why did how
2299. me do i know you? er your fault hi are you okay? yeah yeah i ' m good yeah yeah so what have you been up to over the weekend? oh i ' ve had a family wedding oh wow monday to sunday a whole week? what do you do? oh yes what did you eat at this wedding? it ' s a lot of dancing getting together with family who was it?
2304. in florida all the time oh she ' s just been to florida for two weeks so with him he was on business but she went along with him mm the they spend three weeks in florida as a family every year anyway oh so erm she loves probably yes yeah the long oh haul flights and virgin ' s the one she ' d wanna be with then i suppose yeah isn ' t it they when she
2305. little are they diamonds actual diamonds? erm well i don ' t know it ' s all marked i don ' t know erm but diamond a thing did you open it on front of the family? no no you see that ' s slightly alarming no why not? why not? becaubecause i first of all he gave this thing to me and i erm said that i
2306. see occurred to me because it would never happen hasn ' t well it happened but i can see the you ' re put in that the similarity that sort of terrible situation yes yeah where this is a family family friends friend and i know where the kids are friends and everything but erm yeah and it ' s just disappointing but i mean the whole if he hasn ' t he hasn ' t taken no for
2310. and he said and now all of this happened and he said it ' s made me realise that probably i ' m approaching it completely wrong that actually what i shouldn ' t be doing is holding the family together and living in a marriage that ' s miserable i should be addressing the problem and sorting them out and making plans to split up really this is all i shouldn ' t be saying all of this oh
2311. center parcs thing but it isn ' t yeah with these people in the new forest forest of dean or somewhere and i knew he ' d gone there and posted pictures on facebook and on like a family walk and stuff like this and it hurt mm it really hurt so last week i felt really low and on tuesday had a committee meeting and they had a shakespeare in the park read - through and then texted
2312. own oh right fair enough oh that ' s fairs the only thing we got bought for both of us was the wii hey nothing wrong with the wii no but the the wii was more for like a family thing but my parents er excuse is it ' s for the kids and they were like my mum was like it ' s for the uni students she was er she was all for like wii fit and
2317. mind you the amount of times that stan also gets like erm stuff from the cia that can like do stuff but e i dunno i i think american dad ' s somehow more grown up than family guy oh yeah my dad just asked me if i have any any of ' s t - shirts who ' s? my brother oh i should ' ve guessed that i i still haven ' t unpack
2319. this? do you want this? and you ' re like yeah and you like yes or no and it ' s something that you traditionally do at like for it ' s like sunday lunch with the family er at like midday right for some reason they do it earlier it ' s like it ' s like easter every weekend or whatever i dunno why it ' s like me i always have a roast on
2322. gonna wear nothing but a smile please wear something i don ' t i don ' t how formal is it? i ' m not really sure i ' ve um i ' ve got a dress a family dress well er you need to show us some form of ticket or what people wore previously because i don ' t want to turn up in jodhs how am i supposed to know what people have worn
2324. s the ti it ' s the time to go through it yeah absolutely right yeah yeah it is amazing now with with kew what you can get online and we were stumped in our with our family history there was one insuperable obstacle that we couldn ' t get past and then all of a sudden one day it just popped up online you know and then it ' s just simple yeah it
2329. mean? i don ' t wanna go there if people are having their their sunday lunches it ' s saturday oh okay oh that ' s a point i have visions of me you know a big family having their dinner and me come on oh come on ref you fucking cu yeah but it ' s it ' s not really the right atmosphere to watch some football though i don ' t think no but i
2336. between them they were like perfectly formed erm but she ' s she doesn ' t brush them and she hasn ' t got any fillings or anything well and they ' re just so such their family have got really good teeth no but they they ' re saying on the internet brushing like brushing is doesn ' t any it ' s not necessary mm if you keep down all of the acids and and you
2339. ve never been investigated there ' s all these mass graves yeah all over the place and they ' re they ' re not you know marked or anything and just into heaps for those people who lost family members yeah they ' ve never got over it because there ' s been no justice i mean there yeah i suppose at least if there was some kind of court case they might feel yeah someone was held accountable
2340. used to be full up completely yes now it seems to be dying but i don ' t think it ' s dying out is it? yeah the values have been lost the va you know things like family values are very strong there oh yes more than the uk yeah that was a nice thing to do though the pilgrimage i really enjoyed that spain got a good football team at least they ' ve got well yeah
2343. gonna kill a human in no no twenty minute that ' s a terrible way to end somebody ' s life yeah awful i mean no it ' s public there isn ' t it? the execution the family and the lawyer or whatever can sit and watch and er yeah that ' s right yeah yeah dreadful you know the pperson woke up in the middle and was in agonising pain and all sorts of
2345. class if that ' s at methodist church mm well they can phone about it there might be a a waiting list or there might be spaces yes it ' s just can i bring my mother for the family price? well yes it says per family mm excellent well we ' ll er of that special offers free taster session yes that ' s relatively okay that tiny talk mm tiny talk is four i can barely
2346. mm well they can phone about it there might be a a waiting list or there might be spaces yes it ' s just can i bring my mother for the family price? well yes it says per family mm excellent well we ' ll er of that special offers free taster session yes that ' s relatively okay that tiny talk mm tiny talk is four i can barely hear you anyway i will need sign classes
2348. your silence as a no yeah er and they said a famous polish actress sort of disguised herself and went and knocked on people ' s doors and said can i share your table? mm and only one family said yes wow she had to like knock on a whole street to get someone to say yes and that was a woman you can imagine people being a little bit more wary of a man uhu a bit
2355. brick like falls out of the truck at the exact moment that they ' re driving past and it goes straight through the windscreen and kills the mother that ' s driving the car and then all the family are like start screaming and it ' s like crazy i ' ve seen one in erm i think it was in brazil er no he was on his moped or motorbike erm and then
2359. i ' ll get on the phone to the vicar this week and see what see what she ' s got yeah see what they ' ve you know cos you get yeah it ' ll just be family apart from and and yeah they ' re gonna be godparents yeah and and she ' s obviously gonna need to be one isn ' t she? yes imagine the hoo - ha if she wasn
2361. t like peppers so they ' re not hot the bell peppers oh no but i was convinced as a child they were spicy i tasted them as spicy and if you think about it ' s the same family as mm chilli peppers even though they don ' t taste hot to adults to a child you must be picking up on a the same chemical mm so i wouldn ' t eat them for years and now
2364. yeah you ' ve got to get in its head so they would explain what ' s going on oh yes and you see the dog thinks it ' s part of the pack and you ' re its family and you ' ve got to teach it that you ' re the alpha dog in the group yeah you are the boss but not through force they didn ' t want you to do that er so you '
2369. hours and hours yeah that ' s right yeah yeah it ' s a good keep fit thing i suppose yeah yeah well we used to grow a lot of those what ' s it? well my my family i think my dad mm we used to have all these great big er poles in the garden b runner beans going up there whatever oh right yeah oh lovely years ago mm but i ' m never in the
2370. dad ' s dad my grandpa other grandpa erm erm his wife died she died a lot younger my grandma yeah then erm his daughter - in - law used to invite him round for the family sunday lunch each week so he used to love going round for his sunday roatroast but every time we saw him after that for years we ' d say so how ' s how ' s everything
2372. pots outside those little asters or yeah they look like asters just by the the back door they ' re all going still what? which one of those left? a ssort of daisy like family i think i put them in ages ago i ' m surprised they ' re still alive yeah they ' re fine yeah yeah me too yes yeah i pull the odd weed out when i go by but they
2377. and all the distractions in between the beginning and the end of the process now yeah he ' s started advertising on facebook yeah er and so er the he advertises you know anybody want a family pack? and this is what ' s in the family pack so it ' s so easy to just go on there and say can i book my next family pack for saturday morning please? and just book
2378. end of the process now yeah he ' s started advertising on facebook yeah er and so er the he advertises you know anybody want a family pack? and this is what ' s in the family pack so it ' s so easy to just go on there and say can i book my next family pack for saturday morning please? and just book an item and just get an immediate response yes it '
2379. advertises you know anybody want a family pack? and this is what ' s in the family pack so it ' s so easy to just go on there and say can i book my next family pack for saturday morning please? and just book an item and just get an immediate response yes it ' ll be there in the mor you go in saturday morning pick it up and away you go yeah yeah
2380. so now what they ' re doing he ' s just advertised tonight that and otherwise he ' s now doing er packs for just two people oh really? because people had said you ' re doing a family pack why can ' t you do any just for two people? mm ah especially in this area where so now he ' s putting a pack up for two people yeah there ' s a lot of elderly
2381. have you? you i think i probably did you saw advertised on facebook the fact that er the butcher mm was doing dog packs yes oh yeah dog packs yeah do you get a dog pack and a family pack? pet food we tried it this week yeah a pound for a er pet food i saw i saw a laminated sheet on his door for that and i didn ' t register it cos at
2383. ' t it? very cosy christmas cosy with that lovely fire do well i ' ve never been away oh no i was away for christmas backpacking but i ' ve never been away whole family for christmas don ' t believe in it nowhere to escape from though in a cottage no well the guests or well there is here loads of separate rooms there is quite a lot of space isn ' t there
2387. er er i thought it was sixties though no it came out of the er oh mudlarking that ' s pretty there ' s a pier that ' s that has a real duct oh look a family darling i guess if you wanted to you could get the bus that drops you off yeah hereish yeah i wonder what number that would be er as if we were going to charlton the bus back the same
2390. your bir we ' re going to oh are you? mm ah but on your actual birthday cos it ' s midweek isn ' t it oh yeah mm so we could have a little family family day family if you and and are still talking to each other by that point if i ' ve not killed one of them but banging i don ' t know how makes so much noise i th as
2391. bir we ' re going to oh are you? mm ah but on your actual birthday cos it ' s midweek isn ' t it oh yeah mm so we could have a little family family day family if you and and are still talking to each other by that point if i ' ve not killed one of them but banging i don ' t know how makes so much noise i th as you
2392. we ' re going to oh are you? mm ah but on your actual birthday cos it ' s midweek isn ' t it oh yeah mm so we could have a little family family day family if you and and are still talking to each other by that point if i ' ve not killed one of them but banging i don ' t know how makes so much noise i th as you said last
2393. said to the other night i was watching you wanna go wee why does it matter? i was watching something or other i ' m watching something or other and said are you? cos this is family guy guy yeah yeah she did that the other night she was oh i don ' t know why i don ' t like this programme well that ' s cos you ' ve fallen asleep lately mm what
2395. wanted one to have another go at thr at throwing the die yeah see what it turns up but once you ' ve got boy and a girl you think that ' s it it ' s perfect family pperfect unit brother an brother for the name girl for ththe woman erm and l daddy ' s little girl ye all the boxes are ticked so it ' s a erm unless you are
2396. ve opened up accounts for them i don ' t cos i don ' t know what to get whether you get presents for the parents presents for the children presen er er unless you buy a family what about a nice family ticket to the pictures? oh something like i could do actually so it ' s a family it ' s reinforcing family again isn ' t it? through the gift it
2397. them i don ' t cos i don ' t know what to get whether you get presents for the parents presents for the children presen er er unless you buy a family what about a nice family ticket to the pictures? oh something like i could do actually so it ' s a family it ' s reinforcing family again isn ' t it? through the gift it i yes cos when
2398. presents for the parents presents for the children presen er er unless you buy a family what about a nice family ticket to the pictures? oh something like i could do actually so it ' s a family it ' s reinforcing family again isn ' t it? through the gift it i yes cos when th when they got them erm at work i think got them like erm an annual
2400. again isn ' t it? through the gift it i yes cos when th when they got them erm at work i think got them like erm an annual pass to yeah yeah for the family something i could do something like that actually so they have er they ' re having time out yeah as a family yeah it ' s reinforcing family isn ' t it? yes yeah so anyway something
2402. ##m an annual pass to yeah yeah for the family something i could do something like that actually so they have er they ' re having time out yeah as a family yeah it ' s reinforcing family isn ' t it? yes yeah so anyway something nice i ' ve got that on sunday but i ' m looking forward to that that should be nice that ' ll be lovely are you all going?
2403. sort of i was just pottering about for you and i kind of bent down looked in the mirror and was kind of posing um and then looked up and realized through the window there was an entire family having lunch yeah on the table out the back i was like oh so what were you doing at the time? i was just noth nothing in particular i was just looking in the mirror and kind of
2404. hopefully that will be good for her that ' s cool she can relax just think it ' s getting too much mm yeah especially if she ' s got to look after like your uncle now ' s family problem and now you know he ' s still and and working mm well she ' s got to deal with people oh poor mummy well i might ring her later and see how she gets yeah have a chat
2406. them all up so and someone had to get them is are a a selection of is are a useless combination yes yeah but it was a good game wewe ' ve always loved as a s the family have played scrabble well yes forever actually and you ' ve got that erm yeah sort of platform that rotates around yes yeah we do actually as well yeah yeah yeah that ' s good that
2408. couldn ' t i could be more way more far from duck egg what i meant then no i think of taupe of being greyish blue yeah that ' s what i thought it was do you? family we will look this up i think of it being a sort of buffish pink and i pronounce is taupe is that wrong? taupe i pronounce it taupe taupe oh
2409. really? and i thought that evently was a word because my mum has said that for for forever and which sister? she says on and evently was saying that oh and evently the the family oh up the road evently evently evently evently it ' s not a word and i didn ' t know that wasn ' t a word until quite recently when i ' ve sort of been
2413. moment but that is yeah it ' s homely yeah oh what about you? i ' d say this is my home well i think that ' s probably cos there ' s not that strong family home tie for me okay yeah and so i was looking for a home if you know what i mean mm whereas for you you ' ll always have a home where you grew up with your parents and mm
2417. like we eventually we all watched a film together but it took forever to try and decide because doesn ' t like anything but cars and action yeah right so tell to fuck himself exactly and then put some family feature on with cartoons well we put we put a christmas carol on in the end and we were like yeah but i ' ve watched a season i really want to watch the grinch still haven ' t
2418. ##m was going back to ghana is it for christmas? yeah it ' s for a little bit she ' s yeah i didn ' t know till yesterday oh i think she always has to because of family yeah it ' s just weird that she comes from did she go back last year? yeah she did yeah i know it ' s not weird but it is weird cos you never like i just never
2423. ' re really friendly but like yeah of course but i guess isn ' t that funny how like nationalities have different kind of like? it yeah it ' s like it makes me laugh when erm family guy in erm they i mean there you can ' t really base anything on family guy cos it ' s quite awful really but when they do stereotypical c nationalities and when they do the british
2426. an emergency i ' ll tell like tell your family what number to call yeah at the hotel don ' t look at your phone like back in the day when we used to go on holiday as a family and like my mum would just give like my grandparents the name of like the h like the hotel yeah not even the hotel like the campsite or whatever yeah and like so that if there was a problem
2427. ? i know he ' s move he lived in for a while but he moved back to which is quite weir is that where you grew up? yeah and it ' s also like where my p family kind of live now and i ' m just always like paranoid i mean it doesn ' t matter cos it was like six seven yeah eight years ago but just like i could bump into him and then
2428. got an oscar for that didn ' t they? yeah cos they wrote it didn ' t they? yeah erm but isn ' t it rumoured that like there ' s that joke on family guy but isn ' t it rumoured that it was like it was just one of them one it was all matt damon oh right yeah and ben affleck ' s just chilling yeah somehow i can
2430. she just went off with somebody else but mm they had two children and whatever and he he has girlfriends now and again oh well that ' s mm okay but he was a very ccommitted family man mm both his children living with him and that kind of thing mm so mm is a funny bloke i don ' t er i don ' t i can ' t get my head round at
2432. a great nickname and one of the guys names is erm is fun because he ' s the guy fr he ' d come over from asia yeah erm and you know they like sometimes choose the family will like choose names that they think will er fit in with like the society here? yeah and so they chose fun they ' re like yes that that will do erm what else? er oh that
2435. that when i was like really hysterical over the summer and shit okay erm yeah but she still you know you can still sense the scepticism in her voice like no it is shit when family just don ' t understand cos that ' s the thing cos she ' s not here so she can ' t see either mm so she can ' t mm i mean alternatively like as i '
2436. friends yeah just just get them yeah and they used to be really happy about it and i think like i haven i have technically i have worked so but it was for a sort of friend of a family so it wasn ' t mm so scary what were you doing? frozen oh so yeah and i think i swear i ' ve done something else but i can ' t remember what it is i did i
2439. re very good looking dogs yeah but it says here that the first thing bred to hunt and kill small mammals terriers yeah are not the first group of dogs that springs to mind when it comes to family friendly pets no but it ' s a rarity it has a cheeky expression big black eyes and a shaggy grey coat makes it look like a teddy bear yeah yeah they ' re quite nice yeah the
2448. er unlike other carers cos we come as a a team like the two of us are always together i mean there are other carers who are bit like that but because we ' re also family and we will sit for overnight so that his parents can actually leave the house overnight and properly get away mm that ' s really good yeah need to do that more often about time yeah we were making a
2454. er she she didn ' t like it yes i mean for example there was a where i worked we took stock transfer over loads of properties from council and there was one big house that was housing a family of eight so clearly you know worth quite a lot of money and the amount of our chief exec went through to try and get them out so she could sell the place i stopped him and told him
2455. head? doug doug oh it ' s on the lidl advert well s he goes what do you call a man with as a spade on his head? and then like it shows the next family and she goes doug he called earlier and then you see in australia going and just like so yeah loads of jokes we used to know didn ' t we? a load yeah we don ' t especially you
2458. a bit claustrophobic like she was saying oh you know the police often round there i was like oh i did know the police came here sometimes i didn ' t know it was all for the family but i don ' t know it ' s wouldn ' t you want to move out? what ' s so? sorry? what ' s so attractive about living opposite? yeah i know maybe it '
2460. though when we took him down there is on the left? yeah yeah and on the right? sorry i ' m terrible with names no i struggle to remember took me so long to get ' s family down especially when you don ' t meet people that often it ' s very hard well no say when you yeah but then you ' ve got to and the thing is if you look at them now if
2462. s there ' s passed her oh okay yeah oh okay that ' s why i ' m getting confused ' s passed her driving test er about two years ago okay has just passed so all of the family now drive all of them not on your side no no no no don ' t drive but ' s got the bike licence terrible yeah different priorities i guess well you have had the priorities i mean i would
2463. bit of work gone into them definitely but er it ' s not like a woman ' s oh wow isn ' t that pretty? these are really nice though so erm do you send them to family? or? erm i do yes er all the family ones i make generally erm do you feel a bit like you don ' t wanna part with some of them? well these i ' ve
2464. not like a woman ' s oh wow isn ' t that pretty? these are really nice though so erm do you send them to family? or? erm i do yes er all the family ones i make generally erm do you feel a bit like you don ' t wanna part with some of them? well these i ' ve done because of everyone ' s a different idea and a different
2467. yeah and they say that sometimes when you ' re paraplegic you still have feeling down there so you can so could have like sex and stuff yeah which is nice but like joe in erm family guy and there ' s an episode where well it ' s just briefly and erm his wife bonnie is really like turned on by something and she ' s like now strap on your penis and have sex
2469. everybody who whose oh that was awful but it just seems so yeah and i thought if you ' re going to you know you write out what you ' ve been doing for the and and what your family have been doing for the past year and then you ' ve got all these all the people in your address book and you just go click and it ' s not personal any more is it no it '
2470. will work but i think we should wait till granny and are here and then go through the instructions then and i read a column in the newspaper a while back where somebody was describing playing it with his family mm and them not having a clue what they were doing so i ' ve played so much mafia i don ' t wanna play any more mm well it ' s a bit i tried playing with you yeah
2474. aren ' t like foxes are they like? part of the oh i don ' t know or maybe they ' re not i don ' t know if they ' re classed as the same kind of family are they? maybe there was something else but it is and you kind of think about their like they way they ' re no you never see them being mentioned do you you know when like you mentioned canine

