Cluster 1
0. oh right do you get pieces back? oh yeah yeah no you know it it just depends what they ' re there for isn ' t it you know if they come to er it ' s an exam preparation course they have to well exactly and that ' s what didn ' t sort of go into mm is that you know well why are the students here? if they ' re here to do pieces of
4. erm is er erm mm and this is test now i i sailed through the year i ' ve been to a few lectures all year blah blah blah i ' ve not read any of the exam papers or and i got a two one in my exam and this was fuck all and i ' m not bragging i think maybe i would yeah erm i ' ve literally from january to june i
5. now i i sailed through the year i ' ve been to a few lectures all year blah blah blah i ' ve not read any of the exam papers or and i got a two one in my exam and this was fuck all and i ' m not bragging i think maybe i would yeah erm i ' ve literally from january to june i ' ve been to three lectures read none of the literature
6. i ' m not bragging i think maybe i would yeah erm i ' ve literally from january to june i ' ve been to three lectures read none of the literature and three hours before the exam i did a bit of revision and one coffee and i got fifty - one percent on one question and fifty percent on the other so i got an average of fifty and erm you do you know what
7. ' t have time to he didn ' t have time to eat right so that ' s his meal mm hm erm so yeah so we ' ve got had you already told your dad about your exam this morning then? yeah i called him oh did you? oh dad had heard of a grow model had he? yeah grow why have you heard of the grow model? mum hasn ' t heard of
8. ve got to get myself to peterborough next s next week so that ' s gonna cost me some petrol money mm is your dad coming down? mm mm are you just seeing? no going for my exam oh christ yeah i didn ' t even think about that i didn ' t think it was in peterborough i thought it was here oh is that because you went to the peterborough office to find out? yeah
10. be sat in an exam hall i couldn ' t have done that there ' s no way i could ' ve done it and they ' re essays you ' ve gotta write essays no and my english exam was the sa in fact all of them were the sa cos they were all arts based so it was english theatre studies history yeah it was i don ' t yeah when you look back and you '
12. and i ' ve got mon i ' ve got tuesday off? you ' ve got monday and tuesday off? not monday i ' ve got to go in i ' ve got tuesday off and the exam ' s on wednesday yeah so you ' ve got time v to revise so really the whole hangover and the financial thing are actually tied in yeah but like you ' ve also got your date tomorrow
13. know now you ' re go oh do anoth you ' re going to be going to ' s house thursday next week do that one again because i ' m in london at a boring why? exam meeting do that one again good grief that ' s better that ' s better eight right one two three four five six seven eight doh so i the it meeting finishes at three thirty in london so you
18. at his it was like it ' s saying like one thousand eight yeah hundre i can ' t believe it yeah but erm he wanted to get you something you know for your ah your exam success bless him and grandad said to him well why don ' t you just give your kindle cos you ' re not using it and i ' m sure she ' s appreciate it and oh
21. you know we ' ve found today with the set of proofs that they ' re copying and pasting from one no set of proofs to another and so you ' ve got half of one exam and half of another i mean it ' s just awful it ' s really basic but that ' s really bad bog standard stuff yeah particularly because we ' re we ' re we ' re moving into a
22. this back garden? to answer this question we found nice and interviewed him that was that was the classic sort of like i know you are but what am i? ah right this afternoon yeah finishes his exam and i ' m gonna see if he fancies some tennis also his birthday by the way don ' t forget ' s birthday today? yeah is it really? yes and we ' re going to this
23. document mm they weren ' t writing it in a notebook mm yeah that ' s good but i mean for the reading and writing class they need to practise writing on paper yeah well for their exam yeah yeah unless they make the exams all computer - based yeah they ' ve gotta do more it ' s not a bad idea really well no you i mean how much work is done handwritten now anyway
25. ve lost it i could i cou i can say mm my name is in french but that ' s about it and in german but unlike she can remember her english spea her her german speaking exam essay er like yeah oh speech thing i can ' t i i i think i ' m quite a bad learner though i think i just learn it to regurgitate it in that instance then it
26. yes there is an element of food in there but you only have to cook once or twice in the three three times really because you ' ve got to know all the other stuff that is on the exam paper yeah like how to make a cardboard model what glues you might use what erm what printing press you would use a flow diagram of designs you know yeah and artwork had to teach but she '
27. creepy isn ' t it? and he he what? didn ' t have a job so he if this is your imagination i ' m really worried no no are you gonna write this down for an exam cos i ' m a little bit concerned? and so he roamed the street erm whilst his mum was still alive because he didn ' t have a job so this is whilst he was alive
28. listen? probably not no i think if i just saying it they ' ll just yeah oh shut up i ' ll do it that ' s a great tactic i saw someone when we were having our exam i saw one of my sister ' s friends there oh really? yeah she ' s moved up to but she like looked at me and went so i just though ah okay i ' d better not go
29. never know do you? especially with chelsea their manager turnover yeah is ridiculously high yeah i am not getting the hang of this at all come on fella come on erm oh had her last exam today oh no not sorry her first exam oh when does she finish? erm june or something oh the end of june the end of june? yeah erm that ' s disgusting what have you been
30. their manager turnover yeah is ridiculously high yeah i am not getting the hang of this at all come on fella come on erm oh had her last exam today oh no not sorry her first exam oh when does she finish? erm june or something oh the end of june the end of june? yeah erm that ' s disgusting what have you been up to just like in the interim?
31. ##m june or something oh the end of june the end of june? yeah erm that ' s disgusting what have you been up to just like in the interim? what? between erm last exam and now? like the last exam and now yeah worked a bit er i ain ' t done nothing i ' m just tired all the time i think it ' s just cos all i ' m
32. of june the end of june? yeah erm that ' s disgusting what have you been up to just like in the interim? what? between erm last exam and now? like the last exam and now yeah worked a bit er i ain ' t done nothing i ' m just tired all the time i think it ' s just cos all i ' m doing is nothing yeah so i '
35. mm don ' t know how that would work out because they already have a separate schooling system don ' t they? with the scottish highers instead of the a levels yes and they actually get their exam results two weeks yes before the a levels come out so they do they have a bit of time to think about their options before the english a level results are published yes but another aspect of they ' re
37. ' ll be able to edit it actually on the computer and they have a record of there rather than what do actually all the writing tasks on a computer? why not? well oh well because their exam is handwritten yeah i don ' t know the exam is handwritten and half of them need to practice their handwriting cos you can ' t if you can ' t read it yeah and their spelling
38. and they have a record of there rather than what do actually all the writing tasks on a computer? why not? well oh well because their exam is handwritten yeah i don ' t know the exam is handwritten and half of them need to practice their handwriting cos you can ' t if you can ' t read it yeah and their spelling as well if there ' s spell you know yeah auto
39. session six think it ' s fairly easy really but it is there ' s not much many changes from last year no session six thirty minutes just telling them about the rsac you alright? and the exam and everything she wants to listen to you is that why she ' s not? she just keeps turning around and looking at you is that why she ' s not eating? she is eating but she just
40. he ' s a clever lad i know he is a hundred times cleverer than what i am i ' m worldly wise but he is wise wise to be honest if that came up in the exam i ' d be quite happy oh would you? oh right oh well that ' s good mm so how will it be different this next term then for you? erm well i suppose the modules becoming
42. testing has she got a d she got a degree? she ' s got yeah she ' s got a degree in languages she can ' t find her certificates so i was like just write to the exam board and they print them out for you yeah yeah and she she did that and then they said it would be like twenty - five pounds for each exam oh my god and you ' ve got different exam
43. certificates so i was like just write to the exam board and they print them out for you yeah yeah and she she did that and then they said it would be like twenty - five pounds for each exam oh my god and you ' ve got different exam boards charging different amounts it ' s ridiculous she ' s gonna go along today and do the test but it was in peterborough and it was really hard like
44. board and they print them out for you yeah yeah and she she did that and then they said it would be like twenty - five pounds for each exam oh my god and you ' ve got different exam boards charging different amounts it ' s ridiculous she ' s gonna go along today and do the test but it was in peterborough and it was really hard like she was reading me out some of the questions it
45. fucking frog yeah these fucking other kids oh my god i ' m ludicrously sore bri da ba da dee di di doo doo di di doo doo can i keep this pen for my exam? is that my pen? yeah then no it ' s it ' s the pen you stole off the floor isn ' t it? do what i do? i just steal pens no i ' m
46. but that ' s always different isn ' t it? yes but he did quite well eventually didn ' t he? did yeah yeah oh yes yeah he did very well yeah he ' s got good exam results yeah and is the romance still going? yes he ' s still with is he still with? yes yeah yes did they plan erm? is the wedding next year then? next year next june
50. care if i ' ve done very well or not well she ' s got to do well in that ' s early isn ' t it? well not it is five months away before they take the exam is it? yeah cos she ' s you ' ve done your you ' ve done your fourteen weeks yeah right? and then you ' ll have come back and then you ' ve got to easter
53. be like a bit of a i know relaxed yeah because mmr ' s there yeah it would have been easy but then also like i didn ' t realise there were so many like components to the exam he was like i know ao1 ao2 as soon as he started ao3 ao4 i ' m like what ' s what as soon as he started explaining it i thought we only had to do
55. the thing now is they ' re in the middle they ' re they ' re into doing their exams now yeah yeah so they ' ve had their english exams today it ' s part of their english exam oh right they ' ll have another one later in the week they ' ll be cheesed off then won ' t they? and they ' ll be like you know and their coursework is done now
57. otherwise how would you d you know you cou you couldn ' t be subjective mm some of it might be but yeah mm to a certain extent it has to but it ' s like marking an exam an english exam because you know obviously it ' s gonna be a bit subjective but you the boxes aren ' t subjective but the things that you are choosing for the boxes are mm i think that ' s
58. you d you know you cou you couldn ' t be subjective mm some of it might be but yeah mm to a certain extent it has to but it ' s like marking an exam an english exam because you know obviously it ' s gonna be a bit subjective but you the boxes aren ' t subjective but the things that you are choosing for the boxes are mm i think that ' s a really fascinating
59. more than happy to help yes mm that would be good yeah well i guess you ' ve got to get this year out of the way first haven ' t you? so you ' ve got your exam just after half - term yeah but it ' s in like a couple of weeks yeah it is only well is it only a couple of weeks? or is is three? three weeks exactly three weeks but
60. oh you know we were talking about libraries? yeah yeah i know where they are yeah yeah i ' m not under so much pressure from that don ' t forget because the venue has been of the exam has been moved to rather than being in oh right oh well you could drop me off at twenty past one then couldn ' t you? i could do yeah it ' s not a problem erm i
63. just abbreviate it yeah mm and iit it ' s almost like well you ' re you ' re not allowed to say it like that because that won ' t help you pass your exam yeah you have to know the yeah yeah but you know for to put it into practice to actually make use of it yeah mm to be able to use it as a language later on yeah you need to
64. an academic because i can just picture myself in a university room just scribbling away yeah like like a total recluse just like yeah that ' s i i ' ve got to pass my exam mm i ' ve got pass my exam ye yeah but i you know teaching is cool but i don ' t think i ' d be able to deal with children being sick yeah oh yeah like well well
68. who on earth told them? right so you ' ve got one person you ' ve got two people saying you ' re staying in school until the end of the day yeah even though you have an exam because you ' ve still got lessons to go to and then you ' ve got the new head who has kind of said oh if they ' re fi if they ' ve done their exam in the afternoon
70. ' s not fair that ' s right so with my group this afternoon i got laptops and i got i said right you can go on bitesize this afternoon cos they ' ve got their exam this time next week yeah mm i said you can go on bitesize and you will do some revision questions now i only had eight but pff two did it two did it no problem at all no
71. was issues was there? one didn ' t do anything i ' m not doing it it ' s not fair they ' ve gone home i ' m not doing it mm you ' ve got an exam next week yeah and so what? yeah well we never used to be able to talk like that to teacher ' s did we? no you know i really didn ' t feel like actually recording it now
72. was i was i was saying to him yeah i ' m gonna have to my parents are gonna see that i ' m gonna have to explain explain it to them why ' s failure written across your exam paper? it was for art so you suffer for your art yeah yeah yeah so he did that so erm i want to see them and what was the actual grade? an a grade? yeah yeah
73. it ' s quite funny cos there ' s just an a below that so he he was like can i change it to an f? and i was like yeah go for it defacing an exam paper i don ' t know yeah it ' s quite funny so what w did you have to look mournful and hold the paper? he di yeah i had he got me to like hold it
75. version of ocr or aqa right and it ' s who we work really closely with and like they have exam things all the time like why can ' t she just go and work for an exam board? mm i i was like well you could move to cambridge mum you ' ve always wanted to move to and she was like would you live with me and your dad if i moved to? i
76. ' m not cos asking next time i do pay a visit we shall bring it and er you might need them ten weeks off do you say? well i ' ll be revising for my exam in the ten weeks but erm i ' m sure you will after the ten weeks er we ' ll be have a bit of a free period till so the middle of september so when is that then
77. i ' m sure you will after the ten weeks er we ' ll be have a bit of a free period till so the middle of september so when is that then in well i think my last exam well i don ' t know how my exams are but er no the the last day it can possibly be is yeah the thirtieth of may oh right and then i won ' t have any
78. t they a lot of them happen in the run up to the exams yeah did you get your appointment with erm the careers advisor yet? no no do you know when you can retake the exam? the twelfth at ten o ' clock on that day we ' ll tell the school where you ar where you are won ' t we? you can if you want well we were you just not gonna
79. dunno yours got your spelling test back didn ' t you? mum we won ' t i can ' t remember we got a new teacher and also we ' ve got exams in a or a exam so have you done any res revision for this science exam yet? uhu when? i missed that did two hours the other day what just the two hours? just the two hours for about seven questions
80. you? mum we won ' t i can ' t remember we got a new teacher and also we ' ve got exams in a or a exam so have you done any res revision for this science exam yet? uhu when? i missed that did two hours the other day what just the two hours? just the two hours for about seven questions so you ' re gonna get a star in this for
82. be able to get jobs really until next year no if they want to go back into education yeah so does your mum do anything else? yeah she could work for like or you know one of the exam boards and stuff like that oh okay but i don ' t know she literally found out on monday and that was dad ' s sixtieth birthday so oh cos we were gonna drive over to and
83. ' d demonstrate one week and the next week you ' d do it mm to be fair that ' s what mrs used to do with us before gcse then what do you do in an exam for food tech? oh god it ' s like food groups yeah a lot it ' s common sense nutrition well then there ' s like spazzy questions or like like micronutrients were on this
85. into the wild they ' re gonna breed pass on those genes and then it spreads in the populous yeah oh and so they ' re doing that? that ' s what that ' s what my biology exam said whether it ' s true or not i don ' t know yes are they starting to do that? yes so how quickly would that start to work? well that was one of the questions it was
86. yeah well don ' t worry we ' re not gonna crack out in i ' m not gonna check it don ' t test me i ' m just gonna say yes i ' ll bring you an exam paper i guess i i ' d probably be like a two that ' s alright er er er er i ' m just gonna shall i do this afterwards? yeah whatever okay cool cos i can '
88. your do you not have a transcript with your breakdown of grades? oh i ' ve got my grades but i mean if i read the essays are they better than what i write mm outside of the exam? because i think that pressure that pressure feels like it ' s really good yeah but it it might be rubbish but you might still write some nonsense and they might have adjusted the marking for that anyway like
89. it ' s the only one i haven ' t read clearly it make a huge mark left a mark on my er personality but i don ' t remember what i did i don ' t remember an exam for that or if it was just coursework yeah it ' s so weird it ' s weird isn ' t it? how much of my uni experience is just blacked out of memory i get
92. schoolboys shitting themselves in exams to jetting around the world australia and getting lost in the outback they didn ' t really jet but i know what you mean yeah the first one was after exam party right so am i just doing one card and everyone ' s gotta get? mm mm right oh i ' m like an old woman every time i try and sit down still gonna try and get this
97. tonight it ' s only open till seven it ' s no good for people who have jobs yeah it ' s clearly not designed for people who have jobs but you know i ' m looking forward to exam term when i can sort of waltz about until ten but not have exams it ' s gonna be brilliant ah yeah you can eh wander around and feel eh feel smug at all of the stressed students really smug
98. uhu mm then we only have si left and that half term i mean that half term is usually nice in terms of weather but horrendous for me cos i ' ve got two exam papers to mark bam - ba - ba we ' ve got mm? so we ' ve got one week another week then hang on take your pizza out of your mouth so i think we have at least
101. ' re capitalising on a on a segment of the market that no - one else publishes for mm which is called the for schools market so it ' s you might have an adult version of this exam level because this is the kids version so they ' ve gone absolutely mental mm basically just capitalising on the fact that they ' ve got you know market ownership there mm so everything is the for schools version
102. mm so everything is the for schools version of everything now and what esol do is they update the exams so we might be working on an ex on a on a project right now for a certain exam level mm but next year they ' re going to revise it and it ' s going to be released in twenty - fifteen so we might publish a book when everything is being published for january twenty thirteen
105. actually mm so i ' ve had an issue with that so i really wanted to apply for that before christmas mm but then the exams aren ' t until july yeah so even if i passed the written exam in july there ' s then an aural e an aural exam after that so then presumably september would be the earliest point if i passed all of those things which at the moment my track record is
107. do that maybe literature will be a bit more interesting for you this year though yeah hopefully because i don ' t want it to affect my degree because i ' m not very good at it like that exam mark forty - two percent that were disgusting like all my essays i got sixty - five sixty - seven percent mm so how can they justify giving me forty - two percent in an exam yeah it ' s
108. it like that exam mark forty - two percent that were disgusting like all my essays i got sixty - five sixty - seven percent mm so how can they justify giving me forty - two percent in an exam yeah it ' s not very like how does that work out it ' s not very fair on you it ' s like i get sixty - five percent all year sixty - seven percent and then in my
109. it ' s not very like how does that work out it ' s not very fair on you it ' s like i get sixty - five percent all year sixty - seven percent and then in my exam i get forty - two percent i can ' t wait to go get my feedback though cos obviously i wasn ' t there so i don ' t know what went along with my grades yeah i don
111. five years yes and then you thought you know okay finish school finish revising for all those exams and you literally have just finished your second term yeah and you you ' re already going into a another exam it ' s the middle of year it ' s the middle of the year in terms of exams but it ' s literally well it ' s three months in yeah but then yeah so less than three months
112. you know ten a star a er gcses yeah which count for a lot actually which say a lot you know it ' s er yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so when you come to do your exam entries and you get your ucas points your uc you know you get your yeah yeah yeah points are equated from your exam yeah results they are just on your a levels? i don ' t
115. by when i hadn ' t heard for an extra week i was sure i was sure i was gonna be done for plagiarism cos one guy who ' d done quite badly in the exam and he ' d done well in the assignments cos we had a really good study group for the previous module he got looked into for three months and i was so embarrassed the are they watching him from
116. previous module he got looked into for three months and i was so embarrassed the are they watching him from the start? okay well i think the thing was because he ' d done so badly in the exam compared with the assignments and he ' d obviously done well in the assignments because we had a really good study group so we ' d all get there and talk like i got seventy in one of my corporate
118. half nine i said well he said oh he said this is more stressful than my gcses mum i ' ve got loads to learn and tomorrow there ' s a an hour ' s written exam my word and i have to do thirty minutes coaching to the guy and they assess me on my skills i said blimey that i he said yeah it is high pressure he said so i but let
119. much pressure on him he can resit it i said not at three hundred quid he can ' t i said you better pass that anyway we haven ' t heard cos there was a written exam right so it has to get marked so hopefully he ' ll pass it this do well we ' ll hear this week but he was just so funny jjust doesn ' t faze him at all he
121. mm naturally he couldn ' t speak any english yeah but that ' s see he ' s the head of english and can ' t speak any english he i see this student about ten minutes into the exam has fall he ' s fallen asleep on his desk yeah it ' s a two - hour exam and i ' m thinking there ' s no way he ' s finished his paper you know what i mean
124. well i have it for biology with erm for miss yeah dr ' s doing one is she? she was saying early december but i don ' t think it ' s actually gonna contribute to our exam our our grade no no it ' s well wha miss is just gonna be one where we just do it in class and then we mark it ourselves yeah that one yeah it ' s no biggy
126. out but and that ' s the thing cos even when you they make you do your oral test all you basically do is learn a passage mm hm that ' s what we did for my german exam that ' s all i did so all my written exams i did i ' d written an essay spent years going through the dictionary i remembered it off my heart couldn ' t write in now yeah yeah absolutely
129. ? that ' s funny i know but it ' s like now write about that for an hour you like clever like smart - arses oh my god you can ' t do that for an actual exam maybe like a they do that they do that in the exam how like? let ' s just do the best and that ' s like totally sort of arbitrary whether the examiner thinks like it ' s good
130. now write about that for an hour you like clever like smart - arses oh my god you can ' t do that for an actual exam maybe like a they do that they do that in the exam how like? let ' s just do the best and that ' s like totally sort of arbitrary whether the examiner thinks like it ' s good or not i guess like if they studied something but that '
131. i would i ' d get i ' d take my hat off to you and you stay and that ' ll be amazing that would be really like impressive it would be but that ' s not an exam it ' s not going to happen it ' s not going to happen but ah mm i ' ve still not seen sorry or this weekend in our flat i think i heard them coming out of their rooms
132. that of the yeah it ' ll be tiny which is why i ' ve been but it still matters doing it for ages i gave up yeah you wanna like do as well as you can before the exam mm yeah yeah and the better you do this year you get as many marks as you can the worse you can do in third and fourth year true erm yeah for question three that ' s one way
133. the same like we were both quite ambitious and driven and stuff but my mum and her parents would always turn everything into a competition like literally it was awful like i ' d get say seventeen in an exam and would get a fourteen or something and her parents would be like oh got this like why didn ' t you do better sort of thing but vice versa so if i didn ' t do as good as
134. think about the numbers how many people died? ah i so how many you know people were left? and think about you know academic history you still have to write an essay answer to your to your exam question you can do that in history you can do that in geography i think it ' s absolutely fascinating you can do that in any subject turned around and went i don ' t actually understand why we taught
136. shoshould be like should be like almost a sport there should be transfer markets yeah yeah based on merit based on merit which is good not based on money yeah or or the time you did an exam because that ' s what it is based on at the moment it ' s based on money or privilege which even then i still think is weird yeah you ' re i know you ' re three years younger
139. commission yeah so they ' ll look at the market and speak to the schools and yeah see what they what mm particular ar niche area they need do they need more grammar books? do they need more exam materials? yeah you know yeah and then based on but when that market research they ' ll commission the product when they when they do a commission they don ' t say to somebody look you know we '
141. different centres and checking their the way they do the exams oh okay cool who was that working for? oh mm yeah edexcel mm edexcel well maybe you should check out um the different exam boards ' websites and see if there ' s any others that have got mhm something then again if you ' ve got maternity benefits until may mm the only thing ' s like it ' s not very
144. when we did dr faustus in english literature there was parts of it in latin mm that we read out in latin yeah but like some of the quotes were in latin and i was thinking for my exam should i learn that in the latin? or should i l should i learn the english translation? cos i was thinking that examiner ' s probably not gonna know the latin and they ' re just gonna
146. what? i ' m having the room at mum and dad ' s on that night on that sunday yeah ' s stopping over and the dog that ' s fine and yeah ' s in for an exam you don ' t wanna stay on your own? well i wouldn ' t mind staying on my own i just thought it ' d be nice ah for everyone if came over yeah that ' s fine yeah
147. used to read us erm extracts throughout the year so to make sure that it was all read erm we ' d only just finished the book by the time it was a few weeks before the exam i found it quite heavy going in parts a lot of detailed description in it i think that stopped the flow of the story a little bit perhaps for me yes i also found it to be quite complicated plot
148. did explain to her that it needs to be more than one sentence answers because you need to be getting as much detail in as you can and it ' s about jumping through the hoops for the exam course and of course the teacher ' s going that ' s right you know you nee you ' ve got to get the questions you ' ve got to answer them you ' ve got to put as much
149. i says and and he says and we ' re you know we ' re by christmas we ' ll be d the coursework would have been done and then it ' s getting it ready for the exam and you ' re thinking christmas is only five like six weeks away yeah so the coursework will be out of the way and then they ' re getting them ready for the exam in may well so yeah
150. it ready for the exam and you ' re thinking christmas is only five like six weeks away yeah so the coursework will be out of the way and then they ' re getting them ready for the exam in may well so yeah but i was i was i was pleased then i was yeah mm pleased so so she ' s doing alright then but she ' s doing alright so i think that pleased that pleased
151. sense erm well there ' s of the way that they ' re erm they ' re they they they they ' re taught yeah if you go through school and you ' ve got this further exam you ' re no longer the same as everybody else no but in fact you are the same as everybody else you ' re just maybe the attention you ' ve had erm i ' m very kind of
152. you can do a degree personally i think you can mm to be honest with you i ' m sort of holding my breath to see if he can do a levels oh he came in today after his exam and he sat down and he said mu i forget what he said however he phrased it whatever he said i said is this just the chat down to prepare me that you ' re not you didn '
155. tired and this morning i w hadn ' t got to get up of course no he said he was gonna get up at seven to do his paper round but he didn ' t did he have an exam yesterday? yes he had one yesterday he had erm was that in the afternoon then? yes my dad took him my dad dropped him i was gonna say cos i saw him doing his paper round
156. my dad dropped him i was gonna say cos i saw him doing his paper round at at the time the boys had gone for the bus and i thought yeah well he can ' t have an exam yeah erm tomorrow anyway so i was really tired yes i felt tired yesterday erm got better as the day went on but yesterday morning i felt tir this morning i woke up cos shsh
157. for another one? i suppose it ' s nearly dinner time now isn ' t it? i should go home and see if my son did any revision at all today he hasn ' t got an exam tomorrow so he was you know taking it easy this is what said to me he said oh i haven ' t gotta worry tomorrow i ' ve got the day off i said no you ' ve still gotta
158. said oh i haven ' t gotta worry tomorrow i ' ve got the day off i said no you ' ve still gotta revise mm he said yeah but i mean i haven ' t got an exam mm you love don ' t you? you love do you? do you love? ah loves you don ' t he? er right i ' d best get going i will turn this off oh yes
159. there was an advisory tyre yes and they said it was a front one but we moved it from the front to the back he said you ' re alright you ' re safe like and we passed any exam now but this year i ' d like to bet they pick it up because it ' s on their what last year ' s er advisory yeah and they ' ll see it ' s advisory so they '
163. do you know what? i ' m like so kinda oh it ' s nearly half term i ' ve no idea why i think that cos there ' s gonna be three weeks of hell of exam marking it ' s going to be horrible but i ' m just i think er is it gonna be half er what? er is it gonna be half term before we it ' s half term it '
164. monday mm because i ' m gonna do one erm s meeting of exams on friday at home on the computer and then on saturday i ' m driving a long long way away to do the other exam meeting and then i ' ve got to wait for the exam scripts to arrive from the a level because they ' re all taking the exam on the friday so then they ' ve all got to be posted
165. meeting of exams on friday at home on the computer and then on saturday i ' m driving a long long way away to do the other exam meeting and then i ' ve got to wait for the exam scripts to arrive from the a level because they ' re all taking the exam on the friday so then they ' ve all got to be posted and i expect that will take quit a long time cos
166. ' m driving a long long way away to do the other exam meeting and then i ' ve got to wait for the exam scripts to arrive from the a level because they ' re all taking the exam on the friday so then they ' ve all got to be posted and i expect that will take quit a long time cos of the bank holiday weekend so i think we ' ll have all of the
167. have all of the scripts will arrive by the friday and then i ' ve got to get on and be clear to mark and start marking from that friday which is the day before fair but for the exam the gcse i think i can start as soon as i ' ve been cleared cos it ' s all online now mm yeah wa - wa - wa - wa - wa what? erm
168. it took so much breath mm and i just ended up stopping for whole bars so i just did a different one yeah the study i was gonna do for grade six it was like two weeks before my exam and mr was like yeah it ' s not very good is it? i was like he was like which one ' s your study? i ' m like the rubbish one cos i was so bad
169. and he was like i ' m not sure you ' re gonna pass if you play this study i was like gosh and then when i did my yeah my grade six i came out of the exam i was like pretty pleased with how it went i was like that went alright you know and then he goes what happened with the pieces? they weren ' t very good i was like what? like why
171. warmer before i know once that sun ' s gone down in drops off quick it ' s quiet where is everyone? i dunno i kind of thought that when i went into uni for the exam it was like where has everyone gone? cos like went home for lunch and then came back mm and there was nobody about yeah you have to be quiet and they don ' t even celebrate this new
175. doing yeah and when you and when you do do everything by the book that you ' re supposed to do it gets overridden yeah and you think well hold on you decided to put another mock exam in in a couple of weeks time yeah you know we don ' t need mock exams now what we need is kids in the room with us going through the stuff yeah yeah not taking a s a two
177. work with basically said this girl could have the two days holiday so they put the holiday form in it came to me and i looked at it and i w i said well she ' s got an exam on the on the monday i know she might have almo you know almost a hundred percent attendance and the woman says well i was told that she could do the exam again well that ' s a cost
178. well she ' s got an exam on the on the monday i know she might have almo you know almost a hundred percent attendance and the woman says well i was told that she could do the exam again well that ' s a cost implication of somebody not taking the exam so it ' s a cost implication to the s to the school so i i spoke to the deputy mr sorry? and er he
179. she might have almo you know almost a hundred percent attendance and the woman says well i was told that she could do the exam again well that ' s a cost implication of somebody not taking the exam so it ' s a cost implication to the s to the school so i i spoke to the deputy mr sorry? and er he says no mark it down as one day unauthorized and one day holiday oh
181. you like and i don ' t have that oh and like i didn ' t do that well in art well that ' s really annoying overall in er a level anyway cos i fucked up my exam god that exam was embarrassing what your art exam? mm did it go that badly? yeah it really did why? cos i didn ' t do any work for it cos from what i can
182. i don ' t have that oh and like i didn ' t do that well in art well that ' s really annoying overall in er a level anyway cos i fucked up my exam god that exam was embarrassing what your art exam? mm did it go that badly? yeah it really did why? cos i didn ' t do any work for it cos from what i can see you did
183. oh and like i didn ' t do that well in art well that ' s really annoying overall in er a level anyway cos i fucked up my exam god that exam was embarrassing what your art exam? mm did it go that badly? yeah it really did why? cos i didn ' t do any work for it cos from what i can see you did well no like cos the
185. isn ' t it? you didn ' t fail no nowhere near failing i didn ' t i yeah it ' s true i could have got an e like i think i got a d in that exam but but my coursework mark wasn ' t terrible so mm it that ' s good would have boosted it up a bit but i still got a c i really i don ' t know why but i
186. korea every forty seconds really? and during exams they have to erm have like either people guard or people block off the erm roof the pathways because if a kid is in the middle of an exam and they realise that they ' re not going to be able to pass or they ' re not going to be able to get top marks then it ' s very likely that they will try to get to
189. if the london underground ' s not going they might do something so hopefully they won ' t strike yeah there ' s time to sort it out yet isn ' t there? when ' s your next exam then? the eleventh and your last one ' s the fifteenth? the nineteenth oh right i ' ve got one on the eleventh right so they ' re all kind of crammed in sorting out yeah one
191. why you weren ' t studying i couldn ' t do it it was like they wanted us to do fifteen hours a month erm a week and and it was too much they ' d moved the exam forward it was supposed to be the end of september they moved the exam forward to mid august and i well i was in and i couldn ' t do it and they were like well you have to do
192. like they wanted us to do fifteen hours a month erm a week and and it was too much they ' d moved the exam forward it was supposed to be the end of september they moved the exam forward to mid august and i well i was in and i couldn ' t do it and they were like well you have to do it i ' m like well i can ' t can ' t and
193. you to have one of those lollies again cos there ' s nothing wrong with it so you ' ve h been having your easter chocolate for two months now mm i told you that my exam marking is starting in two weeks didn ' t i? no yeah well it is so i shall be very depressed at that time why? cos i hate doing it mm cos i have to why
194. ' t i? no yeah well it is so i shall be very depressed at that time why? cos i hate doing it mm cos i have to why do you why do you hate exam marking? cos it takes up so much of my time and so much of my brain and i just feel that i ' ve got to a really nice i ' ll mark them working life balance where
196. ' s awful yeah i think the only positive thing to come out of it is the deadline ' s been moved back i know well i didn ' t i didn ' t have to do my stats exam because they ' ve postponed it all which i think the stats teacher ' s quite annoyed at but i know well even my i ' ve got two essays in for january i didn ' t think they '
197. ##es? yeah it ' s not eh there was probably just an overlap while i was em when i mm yeah so we did technology which was like designing stuff woodwork it and home economics in one exam oh wow interesting it? yeah so did you have to try and combine them so you used it in the kitchen and? did you knit yourself a computer or something? i got a c which i was
200. from last night trying to remember all the hobbies we ' ve we covered can you remember them? yeah most of it i ' m trying to construct a few sentences in my head for for the exam i ' ve got someth a couples of things to ask her next week cos i was gonna say when ' s the exam? i babysit or look after my grandson and i ' m not
203. don ' t know it and then i was you like i do like i was saying to them as well though i said well listen we ' ve learnt nothing since left mm yeah to do with the exam yeah we ' ve done finger spelling which and they all said oh we need to do that i said yeah i appreciate it ' s good and the practice is great i said but it ' s not for
204. ve done finger spelling which and they all said oh we need to do that i said yeah i appreciate it ' s good and the practice is great i said but it ' s not for the next exam not in the exam and then before we know it we ' ve got the third exam where there ' s another module to do so it was all a little bit mm yeah and then anyway then she came
205. which and they all said oh we need to do that i said yeah i appreciate it ' s good and the practice is great i said but it ' s not for the next exam not in the exam and then before we know it we ' ve got the third exam where there ' s another module to do so it was all a little bit mm yeah and then anyway then she came in and she says
206. yeah i appreciate it ' s good and the practice is great i said but it ' s not for the next exam not in the exam and then before we know it we ' ve got the third exam where there ' s another module to do so it was all a little bit mm yeah and then anyway then she came in and she says right i ' m not gonna finger spell and i ' m not
210. ten percent on monday? what does that mean? ten percent of my gcse on monday is er is that why it has to be handed in on monday? yeah yeah it ' s the exam on monday it ' s like an hour of writing i think a twenty mark question what you have exams i thought coursework happened during the year not exams well it ' s a controlled assessment oh i '
212. ve got some nice projects i guess so yeah i ' ve got some nice projects so that ' ll be it ' ll be okay right yeah they ' ve just got to pull it out in the exam paper now that ' s that ' s the erm so i did that yesterday went in yesterday and left at two o ' clock erm and got home and then i went over to and ' s
213. ' s alright i still have to you know sort of be around for guest speakers as they arrive so i ' m doing a revision session in a few in a bit yeah i ' ve written the exam questions as well so i ' m kind of mostly done for that module which is good it doesn ' t quite work cool well that ' s something how was your day? er a bit dull didn '
214. a wonderful flavour nice and summery soup it didn ' t warm me up one iota yeah oh no but i my when i was er er reading arabic my prose text that i had for the exam was roderick roderick it ' s about roderick it ' s the last of the goths about the moorish invasion of spain erm with tariq mm mm as in jabal jabal tariq the
215. not true yeah i ' m going to go on holiday which i ' m really excited about yeah relax to my favourite place in the world i remember when i finished my first degree and it my last exam was in arabic and i had these the the i had quranic arabic to do and i had this book on roderick last of the goths and i i mean the i had to memorise so many
219. far more than what he no there was a few of them he did he got like seventies and oh yeah he got some really really amazing results mm but he got like fifty - six percent on this exam that babasically most people fail was that the one? no and then er and then a collection of like basically fairly outstanding results so he ' s really really chuffed he got a letter a couple
220. in tomorrow the form i ' m hoping that i get assigned a seminar group before i miss it well at least there ' s no group projects for that module yeah no it ' s just as an exam so at least you ' re not gonna be dropping in like that yeah the only thing that i ' ve got to do is erm a fifteen hundred word essay in week eight but it ' s una
221. that i ' ve got to do is erm a fifteen hundred word essay in week eight but it ' s unassessed okay so i think that ' s just like a practice yeah for the exam that ' s good though yeah it ' s like has a lot of those like erm over christmas she had one exam obviously she ' s doing law so it ' s it ' s like medicine like
222. ##ssed okay so i think that ' s just like a practice yeah for the exam that ' s good though yeah it ' s like has a lot of those like erm over christmas she had one exam obviously she ' s doing law so it ' s it ' s like medicine like they don ' t have like we do like half term essays and stuff like that but erm all of the ones that
224. ireland do baccalaureate? mm? does anyone in ireland do the baccalaureate? what ' s that? that ' s the the french that ' s the basically it ' s the it ' s the european exam we have mainly people take a level yeah but erm we have a number of schools which do baccalaureate instead and the difference is that for a levels you would normally take three at most four or five subjects
225. they hand them in and i ' m like i don ' t want them because it means i have to read them yeah on top of the twenty - eight that i have to mark from the mock exam yeah and they send it by email and i ' ve just got this constant stream of like emails that i ' ve got to do just don ' t care is your work email different to your personal email
239. i ' ve just er calculated so two questions sixty - eight and seventy - five right added together divided by two brings out seventy - one point five okay yeah when you have the coursework and the exam that will produce then you do er round up yeah and that gives you to seventy - five yes right well hang on a minute er say those two numbers again er s er sevseventy - five
240. cos er you know in in i i i have asked er a few of the students you know how how are the exams and stuff and and i think they found the questions for the individual differences exam easier so maybe that maybe it ' s a an issue of questions? i don ' t know it ' s do er i i mean the the questions for individual dis differences were very er they were
241. ##work yes yeah well the coursework was a bit more of a mixed bag so that ' s it so i i think i th the tendency was perhaps for them to have done slightly better in the exam really? rather than the coursework that ' s extremely unusual yeah because the th c i i think the problem with the coursework was erm they were over ambitious with okay with the sort of material
243. say can i have a phd? yes yeah yeah well okay excellent yeah so end of the summer definitely hand it in that ' s you done uhu good super so yeah right we have our er exam board tomorrow so that should be interesting mm but this is for the part cs for the third years it should for the part cs yeah yeah and this lot well your lot my lot yeah will go into next
244. the er the metro the underground which is so convenient mm and i can imagine a good price and so no i just never really wanted to learn and in spain as well you have to pass the theory exam before you can even get behind a a wheel a wheel i think that ' s a good idea in some ways yeah i think it is c although er the that put me off in spain oh okay just
253. cos they were offering frfree t ' ai chi lessons oh to calm you down yeah? yeah to calm me down and i also went to erm this buddhist woman used to come in around exam time she would come in for an hour every week and do meditation mis she was from the local buddhist centre local what? the local buddhist centre in local? buddhist? buddhist? oh right and erm
256. another placement during the summer cos we ' ve got three months ' worth of summer yeah we ' ve got more than that cos our exams finish my last exam was june second that was latest exam so you ' ve got june july august september and then you come back to uni on the first of october yeah i mean my last exam was earlier than that as well so you got like four months
258. meditation do you want some more juice? no i ' m alright i ' m fine one from the book which was meditation and and but meditation was the new study i got like three weeks before my exam because oh yeah that one my other study was like you know the really long phrased one and i just can ' t oh yeah do them i ' m so bad at them i can ' t do
261. and maybe it ' s because we haven ' t actually learnt anything new we ' re going over stuff yeah but i don ' t know how she ' s gonna fit in all the topics for the exam? no because she hasn ' t taught anything new and now we ' re recapping time yeah all we ' ve done is time and fingerspelling mm i mean she doesn ' t start until
263. every teacher love it but they hardly do anything like the work for it mm so it you know it was like i pulled out a name and all this and then the next thing was like the next exam in first few minutes they ended up with a d because they hadn ' t actually done the work towards it whereas oh mm if you did like i they are saying they didn ' t really like some of
264. very well? mm that ' s not really representative though cos worked really hard got really int interested in things and probably got a good grade mm and probably knew how many questions there were in her exam like i ' m not sure it ' s really fair yeah but it was just for contrast between the two and he sounds like he ' s working in a coffee shop in er cardiff or whatever i mean
271. rea the reading bit it ' s just tick isn ' t it? or it ' s either right or wrong that ' s it and then the writing part they write a short essay in the exam and that ' s it and then so you mark that there ' s a reading there ' s a big reading and they write a short essay answer to the question are you eating my clothes? why?
272. they want oh wow at they ' ll probably just go down the list places we ' ll take the top one hundred that said they wanted to come here yeah didn ' t think about i think the exam is the exam must be in a few weeks actually yeah she ' s going into year six now is she? ah jesus cos i didn ' t take it no you didn ' t at that age
273. wow at they ' ll probably just go down the list places we ' ll take the top one hundred that said they wanted to come here yeah didn ' t think about i think the exam is the exam must be in a few weeks actually yeah she ' s going into year six now is she? ah jesus cos i didn ' t take it no you didn ' t at that age wouldn ' t
274. ##hoses odyssey being human and thesis with you have a backup cos qui apparent quite often people will set out to do a thesis and there ' s no argument there so they have to do an exam so well my fifth option is plato what was your ththesis? on the imagination so i did erm i ' ve still got it somewhere let ' s have a look at that i looked at it
279. ' s a different edition cos it ' s different content in it with in different ways of but will that ha you you said a for a to a? no? aqa is that your exam board? yeah assessment and qualifications association okay so is it not like you used to do one biology book covered all syllabuses er you can get one of those and it shows and it points out
282. can print you can download the marks scheme just something to well i would do the maths and the religious studies well do it yeah well r for religious studies we use ocr which is a different exam board but aqa do it as well oxford yeah right mm yeah right so it ' s anyone can look at it really oh well that ' s interesting it ' s open for anybody i ' ve printed
286. hate okay one of them was come up with an action for each of the words you ' d look pretty daft in the exam wouldn ' t you? well that gets you probably disqualified from the exam i don ' t know how much waving you have to do before they throw you out of an exam one of my friends from erm last no and the other one year was an invigilator
287. pretty daft in the exam wouldn ' t you? well that gets you probably disqualified from the exam i don ' t know how much waving you have to do before they throw you out of an exam one of my friends from erm last no and the other one year was an invigilator i could ask him i suppose and and one of one of the other ones was okay so now we
288. a meaningless sequence yes it ' s just like erm and if if if you reduce things to meaningless sequences you find it harder to then apply it when you need it cos there are very few exam questions which just say name the thing this arrow is pointing at yeah it ' s just like mummy always used to complain about with the er cgp maths text books oh oh cos they did an
289. fresh piece of paper it ' s not like you ' re alevel we had erm open book exams and they just said you have to have a clean copy of this text to take into the exam yes but that that that ' s a fair enough thing but doing that because actually you ' re not really english is i don ' t know the one thing in its favour is that actually it ' s
290. along for a week every morning for a couple of hours oh so sweet er and just for the week and her grade which er for her mocks she got a very poor d and in the actual exam she got a b oh oh well done and actually reckon if she ' d had one more lesson with me she would have got an a because funnily enough what i was going to do in the
291. like over the three years not even used it once i ' m not gonna use it again literally not use it again that bloody statstatute book i don ' t even need it in the fucking exam have you seen how many books we ' ve gotta get next year? no not even checked what ' s erm company law like for books? erm i think there ' s like three that we
292. my arse off and still got a two two i did work my arse for erm i did and i didn ' t do that well in that i only got forty - three in that exam didn ' t do very well it was our first one though wasn ' t it and i think we all worked hard and then i came back after the other exam and i was like oh shit better start
293. only got forty - three in that exam didn ' t do very well it was our first one though wasn ' t it and i think we all worked hard and then i came back after the other exam and i was like oh shit better start now i spent all night sunday revising i was sat on the bed on the phone to my mum if only we hadn ' t had that exam on wednesday that
297. and i thought oh oh i thought i ' ll try and make it as well and it was back in 2009 so we did go but it was very difficult because it was right in the middle of exam boards you know mm so i had to bet my boss i had to move move one of my exam boards really begged him then i had a welsh exam on the thursday no first of all tuesday we went
302. fog luckily had a sat nav so i think we ' d still be driving round now you know so we got there and then i think i came back on monday morning and went straight to another exam board when i mm when i got back like literally from the airport so erm but it was really good i ' m glad i went mm and you know i got back in touch with and i '
304. ? he goes to sixth form or one of them oh does he? what to study? i dunno oh who is? that kid that was nervous about going into he was good at the pe exam when he had full marks on his practical he needed one mark to get a c well he got ninety - nine out of a hundred yeah he was just good at every single sport wasn ' t he?
305. s like the first week in january the modules he ' s chosen are all like about breaking it down breaking down the language and he gets it ' s more scientific he gets these forty - eight hour exam papers they take away but you only have forty - eight hours i ' ve got three different modules with it and they ' re all gonna hit me on the first week of january so i ' ll have
307. learning management system they have videoed the lectures so you just can skim through them you can fast forward them like a film mm mm erm and then they complain about u coming up to the exam time that they haven ' t learnt anything and then like the poor lecturers or er course convenors are getting sixty - seventy - eighty emails a day if they ' re teaching a big company yes
308. a level in two years went straight to leicester university and did a pharmacology degree in three years wonderful fantastic yeah and she ' d ' ve never been able to do that without that biology exam no no no yeah cse they were the and they i mean they could do yeah yeah yeah really well but that going back to what i started to say that was my sort of teaching mm i mm
310. corpus that we have we have two billion words that ' s been collected for about twenty - five years and we also collect learner data yes so we can search for example they they get all the exam scripts from university exams from spain all all round the world and then we can find like the top ten errors for example of spanish speakers at a particular level er and then we can use this to feed back
312. i ' m not thinking well i should do this because i know that in future i will wish that i had done it no i that ' s why i did that my p my grade eight piano exam cos i wasn ' t going to do it and then two days before i was like i ' ll regret it if i don ' t yeah that ' s yeah that ' s not i ' m
316. ##ch of languages spanish eh italian at home oh i know i know it was ju it was just so funny that i couldn ' t believe that i ' d gone to spain and ended up my main exam was a presentation in italian my friend he came over to university to do the erasmus and he was living in a house full of italian people mm hm and his english actually improved quite a lot when he was
317. but they were just i ' ve heard about but not yeah but a lot of people go to but i remember erm yeah right before i went back this summer just gone it was probably round er exam time i don ' t know i think it was when came up and visited me our time? er he was like you what? between our time? yeah something like that maybe just before then erm
320. the result i didn ' t know what the result was yet mm she called me up and she went just to let you know what ' s happened erm there ' s been some complaints about the exam mm now i didn ' t realise this because i couldn ' t do it anyway mm but the exam was completely wrong oh they had used a text that was written and you can ' t do that you
321. just to let you know what ' s happened erm there ' s been some complaints about the exam mm now i didn ' t realise this because i couldn ' t do it anyway mm but the exam was completely wrong oh they had used a text that was written and you can ' t do that you have to have a spoken text right so they had or something like that they ' d read out a
322. text right so they ' d completely fucked up which by the way i find absolutely inexcusable yeah to not even be able to get off your arse and find the proper text for an exam it ' s pretty bad which affects the rest of our lives yeah so anyway she called me up and she went erm there ' s been an enquiry into the exam right and it ' s
323. proper text for an exam it ' s pretty bad which affects the rest of our lives yeah so anyway she called me up and she went erm there ' s been an enquiry into the exam right and it ' s been found that it was completely unacc completely er not unacceptable er inappropriate okay test material yeah erm and therefore everybody ' s been bumped up five percent oh and therefore you '
324. would you like an egg and some chips? oh yes how long will it be? er oh twenty minutes okay can i just shut? cheers do you have you were you going to have a german exam? er i had it a long time ago no it ' s not that long ago i told you all about it didn ' t i? i don ' t remember maybe you ' re thinking about that
327. just have to see again with signing but oh yeah yeah but i don ' t think it ' ll be too bad i think that ' ll be i think we ' ve got an ex our next exam is either the week before easter holidays or the week after so we ' ll ' ve done it by may may ' ll just be mid - term again so i don ' t think it ' ll hurt
328. t u v w x y z oh well anyway i ' ve got another week to practise now but ii ' m not sure like i say how relevant this is going to be for the exam we ' ve moved on mm yeah well i ' m sure she thinks you need to know it mm sso then i reckon i could do it in ten ten seconds with practise oh yeah right
329. the speaking assessment yes it ' s like if er you know yeah you can ' t er and sometimes i ' m quite sort of cruel and i go you can ' t be like that in the exam this is an exam prep course yep sort it out sort it out bloody idiots yeah i don ' t get paid enough to deal with all of this shit have a role play have an opinion doesn ' t
330. it ' s like if er you know yeah you can ' t er and sometimes i ' m quite sort of cruel and i go you can ' t be like that in the exam this is an exam prep course yep sort it out sort it out bloody idiots yeah i don ' t get paid enough to deal with all of this shit have a role play have an opinion doesn ' t have to be your
335. employed by a school i set very few writing tasks because i didn ' t get paid for marking them mm i know and it ' s hours yeah it ' s heavy i ' ve got however many exam students mm forty jeez yeah that ' s forty pieces of writing like a week yeah just trying to remember what i had you should be about the same like four f i had more than yeah four fc
336. that clearly doesn ' t occur to me i just think oh yeah i ' ve done it and everyone ' s still writing you ' re thinking oh ah probably i ' ve never been first in an exam so it ' s never occurred to me i ' m going over mine i ' m just checking i ' ve done it all one of my friends finished first what sort of accent dialect do you think i
341. ve got no money i know yeah shh oh well that ' ll be the next bank holiday probably so are are you gonna write a letter to your company asking about a a payment plan on those exam fees or? erm or are you gonna speak to somebody or are you not gonna bother? email him or no i ' ll speak to him cos you ' ve got the email address of are
349. i don ' t know what it ' s going on about yeah it ' s just erm student group discussion video? example question? they ' re not even doing a discussion any more for their exam their exam is one - on - one now mm oh really? mm they haven ' t thought his through it ' s just not been i remember last year it someone hasn ' t sifted through and
350. ' t know what it ' s going on about yeah it ' s just erm student group discussion video? example question? they ' re not even doing a discussion any more for their exam their exam is one - on - one now mm oh really? mm they haven ' t thought his through it ' s just not been i remember last year it someone hasn ' t sifted through and twe
351. go to sleep really early then? yeah and i just slept in really late and then actually no i didn ' t sleep in late because i i needed to do my coursework and i had an exam and i was really stressed about it all yeah yeah erm so i got up at eight thirty i was at the bus station at eight thirty and then when i realised there was no chance of getting a
352. exactly studying and you go like what? the rest of the bloody lecture theatre ' s falling asleep i mean i did a whole cos they ' re hung over i did a whole three - hour exam on a book i ' ve never read in my first year how did you how the hell did you well i just bollocks i thought i was doing really really well but i hadn ' t read
353. my first year how did you how the hell did you well i just bollocks i thought i was doing really really well but i hadn ' t read the book so er did you pass the exam? so they suggested that i i switch course but then it baffled why i wasn ' t doing history in the first place what did you do in the first place? i enrolled as an english literature student
354. employer sees that and it ' s possible erm it ' s not hugely likely but it is possible then you know that ' s not gonna go down too well for him as to whether like the exam board will find out i have high doubts they will yeah there ' s not a chance that a university cos er it ' s it ' s internally marked isn ' t it? yeah so i have
358. t know er i don ' t think this one gets marked internally either i think we have to oh okay i think we have to erm these ones have to be sent off when is this next exam? she said it ' s either the week before we break up for easter or the week after depending on when we ' re ready for it okay so that ' s around easter time isn ' t it

Cluster 2
9. cos i just get bored i just don ' t do it oh i remember my history exams at a level were three hours it was intense it was a really long time to be sat in an exam hall i couldn ' t have done that there ' s no way i could ' ve done it and they ' re essays you ' ve gotta write essays no and my english exam was the sa in fact
11. time which is why my dissertation was such a fucking nightmare yeah but i did it um but i was always better at e exams than i was at coursework i always got much better marks in an exam d ' you have to sell your kidney? um no not quite not quite but i ' m just not convinced that all this stuff i ' ve paid for has come out of here yet like to the
16. and i was just like bloody hell when i read some of his quotes prior to that i thought the guy was quite very educated but this is some real archaic views about he failed his er language entrance exam a couple of times into into eton yeah and come from a good family erm yes er yes his flaws i think he did you ever watch peaky blinders? yes it ' s back on again
17. has been out of the the educational system for some years mm and then just sits down do one of these test without doing i mean it ' s about the technique of doing it as well absolutely yeah exam skills and about you know it ' s about what what questions are worth doing mm erm is this going to take me too long? yeah erm and erm you know it is worth pract
19. one this one yeah yeah erm uhu well it was if you wanted to erm in our day erm you had to have two languages to study history and you had to do an entrance exam and you had to pass the entrance exam and they are much less erm there was an awful lot of competition by professors yeah i mean it ' s still like that but yeah now why don ' t
20. ##u well it was if you wanted to erm in our day erm you had to have two languages to study history and you had to do an entrance exam and you had to pass the entrance exam and they are much less erm there was an awful lot of competition by professors yeah i mean it ' s still like that but yeah now why don ' t you with i think he ' s always
41. too much time they must have the tender loving touch or something whatever it ' s called yeah green fingers yeah does he? well don ' t have to answer that yeah mm so got her navy entrance exam today oh really? so she ' s gone through with it? oh yeah so you have to that ' s crazy gotta do the application which she did yeah and then if you ' re not like if
61. all of her tests they ' re like so good luck for your french test today remember er je voudrais j ' abite and my dad ' s just like oh is it your french exam today? i ' m like yes it ' s my french exam today he ' s like oh good luck and then i come home i ' m like i got a b and my dad ' s like
62. french test today remember er je voudrais j ' abite and my dad ' s just like oh is it your french exam today? i ' m like yes it ' s my french exam today he ' s like oh good luck and then i come home i ' m like i got a b and my dad ' s like
65. in a university room just scribbling away yeah like like a total recluse just like yeah that ' s i i ' ve got to pass my exam mm i ' ve got pass my exam ye yeah but i you know teaching is cool but i don ' t think i ' d be able to deal with children being sick yeah oh yeah like well well like just naughty tee naughty children children yeah
69. have an exam because you ' ve still got lessons to go to and then you ' ve got the new head who has kind of said oh if they ' re fi if they ' ve done their exam in the afternoon they can go home oh nobody nobody is telling one person or the other person what ' s what oh that ' s a bit bad innit right? and then of course the students that
81. going yeah she knows what she ' s doing like she is the only person who can use sims she ' s the only person who does data she is the only person who knows how to organise an exam and do like all the data entry sheets for the grades so i ' m not entirely sure what they ' re thinking of doing no but like mum ' s worried that they ' ll make them both redundant
91. you get mushroom? mushroom mm? what? did you say that to me? no which one love it love it love it problem with my uniform with tracky bottoms on shat myself in an exam which one? i ' m not turn it up a little bit turn it up a little bit this is a good good programme which one ' s? not him will with the hair mm i shit myself
93. it ' s not necessarily your place to interfere with their free will creation mm hm that is obviously serving them at this moment i know hm yeah i just want them to i want them to pass the exam and in order to pass this exam they have to put on this persona mm hm because they ' re graded on having not having this personality but how they interact with another person in this language yeah yeah and
94. to interfere with their free will creation mm hm that is obviously serving them at this moment i know hm yeah i just want them to i want them to pass the exam and in order to pass this exam they have to put on this persona mm hm because they ' re graded on having not having this personality but how they interact with another person in this language yeah yeah and if they don ' t have these
106. wanted to apply for that before christmas mm but then the exams aren ' t until july yeah so even if i passed the written exam in july there ' s then an aural e an aural exam after that so then presumably september would be the earliest point if i passed all of those things which at the moment my track record is just i ' m not passing anything which is quite worrying mm so then
113. er yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so when you come to do your exam entries and you get your ucas points your uc you know you get your yeah yeah yeah points are equated from your exam yeah results they are just on your a levels? i don ' t actually know you see that would be interesting to know yeah i did wonder because i looked it up once yeah i don ' t know
114. this he has to do five as part of the course so he ' s done his course he ' s done his test he has to referee five matches and then he has to go and take an exam so in effect these first five are like part of a training even though he ' s getting paid for them and said well er was there somebody there supervising it or er you know erm what ' s
125. do is they they ' re the people that know all the languages all of the languages all of those languages and they said it doesn ' t matter how many languages you know because they give you an exam and they ' ve had people go in with a masters that speak six languages and they can ' t pass the test oh my god yeah and i was like how? bless you that ' s me washing
137. be more efficient i wonder how easy that would be though but it ' s just the year before i finished the year that i finished i quirk of the timetable was that our fourth years which were exam year mm got their maths lesson first thing every morning mm erm the top set group they it it said it it didn ' t appear to affect them and the lower set group the teacher said she
140. you were actually driving without the yeah in the lesson and stuff? mhm really? i ' m the same with exams and that mm i get really stressed my sister had to run out of an exam one time because she just threw up oh no this is gorgeous mm it is nice absolutely lovely the lime tastes really fresh and i like things like that i like things that are a bit um tar tart
142. amount of work that ' s crazy yeah it ' s january is absolutely mental like i ' ve got a presentation on the eleventh i ' ve got a essay on the twelfth i ' ve got an exam on the thirteenth i ' ve got another essay on the fourteenth and an exam on the thirtieth oh and my job has asked me to get some things done by the twenty - first which is
143. like i ' ve got a presentation on the eleventh i ' ve got a essay on the twelfth i ' ve got an exam on the thirteenth i ' ve got another essay on the fourteenth and an exam on the thirtieth oh and my job has asked me to get some things done by the twenty - first which is really unfair i was like really? could it be like one week afterwards?
145. i have no clue i ' m gonna give stupid answers it ' s what i did in one of my exams geraldine butler was that that guinea pig one? yeah the guinea pig one in my computing exam where i said that ' s that ' s how computers worked alright it ' s your turn god help us all it ' s my turn? yeah okay bear with me hurry up to bear with us oh
153. t know if i ' m honest but i think he was very very lucky with regards to history because you know he had his shingles? oh i remember you saying didn ' t actually take the exam he didn ' t take the exam i remember you telling me and he got like a mm mm an a a a a score if you like or a mark given to him didn ' t he? yeah
154. but i think he was very very lucky with regards to history because you know he had his shingles? oh i remember you saying didn ' t actually take the exam he didn ' t take the exam i remember you telling me and he got like a mm mm an a a a a score if you like or a mark given to him didn ' t he? yeah erm but yeah that is what
160. ' t they? they ' re cutting back they are cutting back within the services absolutely so it seems strange i know why you would look at everything just across the board mm but she had her entry exam the other day and she passed so at this point she only has to do the medical which she thinks she ' ll probably pass mm even though she ' s got she ' s long sighted or is she
173. you starting any coursework or anything for your gcses? yeah i ' m doing fast track science so i ' ve got a gcse this year mm hm yeah so what is that exam or lots of coursework? exam we don ' t do coursework any more no coursework ' s controlled assessments oh okay yeah yeah yeah yeah okay so you so have you been assessed by some things
174. for your gcses? yeah i ' m doing fast track science so i ' ve got a gcse this year mm hm yeah so what is that exam or lots of coursework? exam we don ' t do coursework any more no coursework ' s controlled assessments oh okay yeah yeah yeah yeah okay so you so have you been assessed by some things already? erm no well you
176. of weeks time yeah you know we don ' t need mock exams now what we need is kids in the room with us going through the stuff yeah yeah not taking a s a two - hour mock exam and and er cos that puts more pressure on cos you ' ve then gotta mark it all of course you have yeah yeah mm you know we had to do we had to do last week there
187. ##m so yeah bit shit really that ' s horrible erm er so yeah like basically if you don ' t get into one of these three unis jesus there are people like they go into an exam to like entrance exams for these universities and they couldn ' t get in with the point they can ' t go to the fourth one mm oh my god they ' re erm at work it ' s
198. we never got to the first bit we never got onto verbs and i thought this is costing me a bloody fortune i just wanna talk the bloody language what happened? i don ' t wanna pass an exam they went and did the grammar? did they gave you the grammar too much? sorry did they go through the grammar too much? it ' s a girl she ' s very good but i mean you
199. much? it ' s a girl she ' s very good but i mean you know she ' s too thorough she ' s making a m well yeah i mean i don ' t wanna pass an exam in turkish i just wanna be able to str speak street turkish how they speak it and i thought i ' m not doing this anymore and then i saw this ad in the paper the turkish speaking club
201. m trying to construct a few sentences in my head for for the exam i ' ve got someth a couples of things to ask her next week cos i was gonna say when ' s the exam? i babysit or look after my grandson and i ' m not sure what three times three times a week i think i think i dunno when the exam is either they keep moving it because er
217. actually you know like i probably can ' t do this yeah can ' t do this yeah mm we ' ll see it ' s all been kicking off this week erm had his final erm exam this week as well yeah okay erm so he sat i don ' t know how much of it you know or remember or anything like that but he sat an exam back in may all of the penultimate
218. ##m had his final erm exam this week as well yeah okay erm so he sat i don ' t know how much of it you know or remember or anything like that but he sat an exam back in may all of the penultimate exams but it ' s supposedly the hardest one you sit and he was basically saying that over half the people that sit it fail it right and he came out of it
223. practices like you ' ll get a mark but it ' s not official yeah they ' ll be like if this was assessed you ' d get this grade sort of thing yeah if it were in the exam sort of thing yeah yeah and i think that ' s actually much better cos obviously law ' s quite hard yeah and it would be really unfair to mark them like from the start yeah do you know
226. want them to talk to each other yeah erm cos they don ' t know who they ' re going to be with in the exams so they and you know they perform much better in the exam if they get on well with the person mm hm it ' s just common sense you feel comfortable you feel more relaxed you have this good relationship and you get scored certainly level of trust you get marked on
229. like yeah yeah yeah pretty much and then they have three more exceptional yeah have you ever known anyone get beyond an eighty? yeah i did you did? oh fucking hell for one it was an online exam like it was easy i think i got used to that oh it was an exam so yeah oh eighty - seven er for your masters? an exam is kinda like you get along alright yeah yeah yeah it
230. ever known anyone get beyond an eighty? yeah i did you did? oh fucking hell for one it was an online exam like it was easy i think i got used to that oh it was an exam so yeah oh eighty - seven er for your masters? an exam is kinda like you get along alright yeah yeah yeah it was an online exam it was like a twenty - minute online exam it was just
231. ? oh fucking hell for one it was an online exam like it was easy i think i got used to that oh it was an exam so yeah oh eighty - seven er for your masters? an exam is kinda like you get along alright yeah yeah yeah it was an online exam it was like a twenty - minute online exam it was just like anatomy and physiology and stuff yeah it was an exam that '
232. i think i got used to that oh it was an exam so yeah oh eighty - seven er for your masters? an exam is kinda like you get along alright yeah yeah yeah it was an online exam it was like a twenty - minute online exam it was just like anatomy and physiology and stuff yeah it was an exam that ' d be wide i ' ve got like takeaway papers to do like three
233. was an exam so yeah oh eighty - seven er for your masters? an exam is kinda like you get along alright yeah yeah yeah it was an online exam it was like a twenty - minute online exam it was just like anatomy and physiology and stuff yeah it was an exam that ' d be wide i ' ve got like takeaway papers to do like three all in one go in january i ' m
234. an exam is kinda like you get along alright yeah yeah yeah it was an online exam it was like a twenty - minute online exam it was just like anatomy and physiology and stuff yeah it was an exam that ' d be wide i ' ve got like takeaway papers to do like three all in one go in january i ' m not really an exam - taking person no i take exams no i '
235. anatomy and physiology and stuff yeah it was an exam that ' d be wide i ' ve got like takeaway papers to do like three all in one go in january i ' m not really an exam - taking person no i take exams no i ' m not very good at exams yeah yeah i don ' t think many people are i used to be better very good with exams yeah yeah yeah i '
236. ##ce paper or some rubbish and they were meant to be working on this kind of like oh it wasn ' t just it was an oral it was an oral project like having to do like their oral exam so you had to like mm write up a paper and then you ' re gonna read it out like in the exams oh okay and i was walking round the group and the group and there was this kid
238. man because he ' s old so i invigilated it ' s really boring walked around for hours just doing nothing but the first exam i ever invigilated was a two - hour exam and i remember really clearly that this student fell asleep within about ten minutes of the exams completely down on me and i remember looking at the the head of english and kind of giving him a look you know
246. yes it ' s horrible and and also in the afternoon for the first time cos of security erm they it was like an exam we had to move the desks from the horseshoe shape to exam style oh yes a metre a metre apart plus we got given different erm sets of paper anyway and you know that bloke from who i told you about? erm which one? i can
247. people have been at work they ' re at work all day i mean at least i went to work first yeah well i ' ve got work to do now i ' ve got to write the mock exam have you? yeah oh that ' s quite a a hard mission a mock exam a mock exam for what? for our work oh right what ' s the matter? do you want anything to eat?
248. i went to work first yeah well i ' ve got work to do now i ' ve got to write the mock exam have you? yeah oh that ' s quite a a hard mission a mock exam a mock exam for what? for our work oh right what ' s the matter? do you want anything to eat? is she angry or something? you had some milk at three thir at two
249. work first yeah well i ' ve got work to do now i ' ve got to write the mock exam have you? yeah oh that ' s quite a a hard mission a mock exam a mock exam for what? for our work oh right what ' s the matter? do you want anything to eat? is she angry or something? you had some milk at three thir at two thirty she looks
255. comes to it i can just do another placement during the summer cos we ' ve got three months ' worth of summer yeah we ' ve got more than that cos our exams finish my last exam was june second that was latest exam so you ' ve got june july august september and then you come back to uni on the first of october yeah i mean my last exam was earlier than that as
257. exams finish my last exam was june second that was latest exam so you ' ve got june july august september and then you come back to uni on the first of october yeah i mean my last exam was earlier than that as well so you got like four months exactly it was the end of may so if you finished at the end of may you ' ve got five months so the one is three weeks
266. don ' t know i don ' t know how you can help them to that extent what were you doing with them? was it speaking exams? speaking exams no the actual speaking mo well the mock exam oh the actual mock okay erm ' s actually really good but incredibly shy yeah he yeah i could tell yeah erm but he you know they get a mark for their ability to interact with the partner
270. won ' t be doing it this semester then and i ' ve never done of the speaking did the exams the exams were like summary writing oh no erm with the ar with the reading and writing exam erm yeah you just do the rea the reading bit it ' s just tick isn ' t it? or it ' s either right or wrong that ' s it and then the writing part they
275. as well it ' s the ones that every school uses really i think that yes i ' ve seen i ' ve seen them yeah i you know for aall subjects yes they do all subjects all exam boards yeah cgp our own exam you know your your syllabus is covered in there but in the yeah because this is the aqa edition exam board aqa you can buy one for edex
277. aall subjects yes they do all subjects all exam boards yeah cgp our own exam you know your your syllabus is covered in there but in the yeah because this is the aqa edition exam board aqa you can buy one for edexcel ocr whiche whichever board you do our school has sort of like a thing for aqa most of them are on that exam board so we
278. ##qa edition exam board aqa you can buy one for edexcel ocr whiche whichever board you do our school has sort of like a thing for aqa most of them are on that exam board so we ' re lucky so so you ' re lucky yeah yeah yeah there ' s one or two that aren ' t but other schools and that use other ones which is why there ' s a
280. what do you call them? no projects? controlled assessment isa and we actually did that last week and that is where you do an expe well first of all you plan an experiment and do an exam paper on that in the classroom then you do the experiment and you do a second exam paper on did they tell you what you could do? drawing conclusions and evalu erm they give you the question
281. last week and that is where you do an expe well first of all you plan an experiment and do an exam paper on that in the classroom then you do the experiment and you do a second exam paper on did they tell you what you could do? drawing conclusions and evalu erm they give you the question yeah yeah and the first paper is where you plan an experiment and then they tell you
285. to do oh this is your stupid pneumonic thing that you hate okay one of them was come up with an action for each of the words you ' d look pretty daft in the exam wouldn ' t you? well that gets you probably disqualified from the exam i don ' t know how much waving you have to do before they throw you out of an exam one of my friends from er
294. the other exam and i was like oh shit better start now i spent all night sunday revising i was sat on the bed on the phone to my mum if only we hadn ' t had that exam on wednesday that week i was like constant working for about four weeks yeah well the night before the contract exam i was just sat in the kitchen with all the flatmates just like for about three hours right
295. sat on the bed on the phone to my mum if only we hadn ' t had that exam on wednesday that week i was like constant working for about four weeks yeah well the night before the contract exam i was just sat in the kitchen with all the flatmates just like for about three hours right you have got a contract exam tomorrow why don ' t you just leave us no i don ' t wanna
296. like constant working for about four weeks yeah well the night before the contract exam i was just sat in the kitchen with all the flatmates just like for about three hours right you have got a contract exam tomorrow why don ' t you just leave us no i don ' t wanna do it i really didn ' t wanna do it i ' d do anything to get out of it that ' s marked differently
298. in 2009 so we did go but it was very difficult because it was right in the middle of exam boards you know mm so i had to bet my boss i had to move move one of my exam boards really begged him then i had a welsh exam on the thursday no first of all tuesday we went to a take that concert mm then wednesday was revising for my welsh exam and in work as well
299. difficult because it was right in the middle of exam boards you know mm so i had to bet my boss i had to move move one of my exam boards really begged him then i had a welsh exam on the thursday no first of all tuesday we went to a take that concert mm then wednesday was revising for my welsh exam and in work as well you know mm then i did the welsh exam on
300. move one of my exam boards really begged him then i had a welsh exam on the thursday no first of all tuesday we went to a take that concert mm then wednesday was revising for my welsh exam and in work as well you know mm then i did the welsh exam on thursday and then i left saturday morning i think it was flew over went on friday er she picked me up from the airport and
301. exam on the thursday no first of all tuesday we went to a take that concert mm then wednesday was revising for my welsh exam and in work as well you know mm then i did the welsh exam on thursday and then i left saturday morning i think it was flew over went on friday er she picked me up from the airport and we went straight to the rehearsal dinner you know that thing they do in
306. s how right yeah and we did happen to have er a teacher that had that had worked for the erm originally erm for the er foreign office in russia right and so they would take an exam in russian then or would it just be a? oh yeah so take gcs they th like we used to learn french in school yeah yeah erm they learn russian in school and they take gcs
309. they started to see it but i think a lot of academics say and they seems to be saying it and i can understand why they said well when i got into university i had to pass every single exam and i had to pass it with flying colours mm why is it that it ' s not the same mm nowadays? sure why did these mm kids come to university if they ' re not academically prepared
318. s just recap that i was the best one at the translating yes but the interpreting i couldn ' t i just couldn ' t do it at all mm it ' s so difficult and then the exam the exam came and i basically so they called my teacher called me up about the result i didn ' t know what the result was yet mm she called me up and she went just to let you know
319. recap that i was the best one at the translating yes but the interpreting i couldn ' t i just couldn ' t do it at all mm it ' s so difficult and then the exam the exam came and i basically so they called my teacher called me up about the result i didn ' t know what the result was yet mm she called me up and she went just to let you know what '
326. assuming but it doesn ' t seem oh so bad it ' s just oh i wanna know what i ' ve got in my essay and i wanna know what i ' ve got oh yeah in my exam in my english language because i ' m doubtful you should find out soon yeah it ' s been like a week or so it ' s been a week maybe next week then it ' ll maybe next week
332. push er really sort of push them in terms of good things that they have to talk about i don ' t think they like it good but i sort of pitch it a little bit harder than the exam front erm some sometimes sometimes sometimes pitch it a bit harder than the exam so that er you know the speaking bit should be a little bit easier i suppose should be easier yeah not listening they tend to
333. to talk about i don ' t think they like it good but i sort of pitch it a little bit harder than the exam front erm some sometimes sometimes sometimes pitch it a bit harder than the exam so that er you know the speaking bit should be a little bit easier i suppose should be easier yeah not listening they tend to struggle with on the exam no not really on which one was it that consistently
334. sometimes sometimes pitch it a bit harder than the exam so that er you know the speaking bit should be a little bit easier i suppose should be easier yeah not listening they tend to struggle with on the exam no not really on which one was it that consistently scored lower than? er use of english and writing writing mm they score low on writing because they get scored they score so highly when you mark it i
337. all day and you ' re on your feet all day yeah and like maybe that ' s why they pay so much mm i just and not like when i was erm i was waiting for an exam once and like there was there was loads of like foreign people cos there was like it must ' ve been like a foreign exam yeah and i was like i meant english literature people i was like where
338. and not like when i was erm i was waiting for an exam once and like there was there was loads of like foreign people cos there was like it must ' ve been like a foreign exam yeah and i was like i meant english literature people i was like where are all the english people? like meaning like people of the course yeah doing the course and they like all these people just looked at
340. yet so do you know did they tell you what you guys would be doing on friday? no no clue but they were happy with your progress mm that ' s good some of my students did an exam today did they all pass? i don ' t know because it ' s gonna be sent off to be marked but the questions were good what do you mean like hard? no they were ones that i
343. thirty - five percent of that let me try and think about it now cos there ' s three parts what ' s that? computer sciences there ' s two bits of coursework and then an exam and i ' m trying to think of what the percentages are did your teacher come back? oh how is he? he walked into a plank oh yeah he came back on tuesday what was the matter
346. this is gonna take fifteen minutes right so listening listening ' s fifty - five percent? yeah cos they ' ve separated the vocabulary exam yeah okay timing huh? twenty minutes? okay mid - semester exam speaking eight minutes okay so that ' ll only take five minutes to go through? hang on so for the first through to slide nine well you you write on it and then you can photocopy it
347. okay and then they ' ve got the extra erm practice tests on moodle as well haven ' t they? mm okay? and then the next one er what ' s that? the listening exam short lecture short lecture okay that ' s fine short lecture sh l that ' s the same yeah but that one ' s only twenty minutes and that one ' s fifty minutes yeah? where does it say

Cluster 3
1. or copious amounts of coffee in times of pressure but they are now cuddling puppies a trend for puppy rooms is growing in universities do you know about this? no puppies cut stress for exam students fair enough fondle the puppy and feel better fondle the puppy fondle it? he ' s like yeah that would be great actually that would be quite ch i i can imagine yeah actually are
2. she forgot i was in her re ah she just forgets about me and i ' m so annoyed that mr ' s lost our books though i know because how am i meant to pass that stupid exam? if like literally a whole year of i can ' t believe that yeah and did you know about ' s book? no did i tell you about that? she did her history like arab israeli conflict
3. what do you mean? like all the examiners mark it differently yeah so even if miss gives you a really high grade it doesn ' t mean that you ' re gonna get a high grade the exam it doesn ' t mean you ' re good it just means that the that she th she gives you a gave you a higher grade that ' s what that ' s like that ' s what i don
14. ' s do you reckon? i think so i don ' t think it ' s worth the money if i can ' t get enough out of it it would have been fine but they moved the exam a month forward especially if you have a life oh no oh no before my training hello hi hi are you ready to order? yeah please could we have two bellinis yeah two bellinis er
15. ##o it ' s just like with all my running training mm i have to run like three or four times a week and erm and i just don ' t know if they had left the the exam until the end of september i would have given it my best shot because it was after the great north run but i ' d already signed up to do the great north run yeah yeah and i can '
24. there was some sort of computer program that makes you write and there ' s no no dictionary no spell check on the whole computer mm well you can disable that yeah but if you ' re in exam conditions you wouldn ' t have time to be disabling bits and bobs no but you could oh we could disable it before the? yeah yeah that ' s yeah that ' s what i
33. a list of all these questions brazilian bra thieves now sorry? i said brazilian bra thieves now she is doing at linton a talk for children but that we can ' t make that because of your exam but then she ' s also exam doing erm a discussion about how to be a writer so she ' s in charge of that and i ' m sure we ' ll have time to speak to her
34. bra thieves now sorry? i said brazilian bra thieves now she is doing at linton a talk for children but that we can ' t make that because of your exam but then she ' s also exam doing erm a discussion about how to be a writer so she ' s in charge of that and i ' m sure we ' ll have time to speak to her later but we ' re not so
36. you he was like no like shaking his head like no why would i know anything about what i so come on it ' s only based on like two reading articles yeah you ' d find out what exam you ' re doing and just read the articles oh my god jesus what a loser yeah so well if that ' s your attitude and he must have been here a lot earlier than us i think so he
47. s lapsed like hers has oh right okay it ' s really hard to motivate yourself to do all the training again oh yes someone else suggested to me there ' s a different sort of exam here exams more for children and they are often looking for examiners i could oh right okay look to see if anywhere is that is more l yeah a bigger thing here yes i emailed about yes that
48. that grade unless i pass my fab in may oh no are you actually gonna do that? ah i gotta do it i gotta do it oh man it ' s a two and a half hour exam that ' s not the scary one where you were telling me where they have like the people coming in and the actors and they ' re playing like oh no that ' s for the next level oh fine
49. where you were telling me where they have like the people coming in and the actors and they ' re playing like oh no that ' s for the next level oh fine this one is just a written exam oh right good cos that one sounded intense i remember you saying you weren ' t going to go to that yeah right that ' s a no that ' s a no from me yeah so erm
51. cringing i was like yeah i ' m so sorry for writing that yeah and then like correcting like the th the the most obvious mistakes yeah i was like oh my god but it was the exam but it was kind of good though cos it you know you ' ve improved then mm cos i didn ' t think i had really yeah that is true it is a nice way to be like
52. jazz band or grade five theory? and i ' m like what it a stupid question yeah like do you think he ' s gonna say? like do you think you should get a do a proper exam or go and play hawaii five - 0 in monday lunchtime? yes and then like a hundredth time and like yeah cos no offence to but we do kind of play hawaii five - 0 a
54. a hundred percent but i ' m a really tough marker yeah it ' s like oh mm but surely he can just give us all those stars cos he marks yeah sixty percent of yeah exactly the exam he could just say oh a hundred percent and a hundred percent and a hundred percent yeah and give like some people ninety - nine some people a hundred yeah so it looks more con like less whereas ninety -
56. they ' ll be like you know and their coursework is done now the coursework is off it ' s marked yeah you know and it ' ll be like trying to get them to do past exam papers or do stuff like that mm and getting them set up for their their project well it ' s just like yeah absolutely where my product design group are totally different but my electronics group they are just they
66. re just off the wall that ' s weird innit? why is that? what are they being fed on? i just dunno they ' re just off the wall this afternoon there was an exam and the exam started at one thirty and it was for an hour i think the i think it was for an hour and a half yeah it was for an hour and a half so one thirty - two
67. the wall that ' s weird innit? why is that? what are they being fed on? i just dunno they ' re just off the wall this afternoon there was an exam and the exam started at one thirty and it was for an hour i think the i think it was for an hour and a half yeah it was for an hour and a half so one thirty - two thirty not only
74. t you have a look at cie? so cie is basically like an international version of ocr or aqa right and it ' s who we work really closely with and like they have exam things all the time like why can ' t she just go and work for an exam board? mm i i was like well you could move to cambridge mum you ' ve always wanted to move to and
84. like eradicate mosquitos? yeah i think there is like having mass gassing? can i just say this right yeah if but would we not kill like everything else? this was in my biology exam so i ' m gonna have a little go on basically right go on you first they ' re doing it at the moment where you can genetically modify mosquitoes okay so that the so that like the f
87. they said like if you ' re gonna do hamlet do hamlet properly what does that mean? like if you ' re gonna do if you ' re gonna write about hamlet in your essays in in your exam make sure that you ' ve really you really know it really well and you have something to say about it ah cos you have to be so selective and stuff you have to be like quite original in
90. to do something rather than having already done something ie read a bunch of books and learned another yeah so i think and that ' s what shines through when you ' re under like intense pressure in exam conditions mm because you can ' t just you you you do need the knowledge but you also need to be able to apply it in a way that ' s appropriate for that context mm and that ' s
95. there is no cae for schools yeah so and no cpe for schools so the higher you get the harder it is so yeah i know he ' s got to have an adult conversation in his exam now about adult topics yeah yeah and that ' s difficult he ' s mature and he ' s very good at english like his words that he uses are really good and he ' s really considered and everything
96. drink in lessons if you ' re doing exams or your lessons and that you make sure you ' re well hydrated beforehand well you know because doesn ' t affect you well i take water into the exam with me you ' re not i know you drink a lot of water anyway so you want to be well hydrated because you can get headaches if you ' re dehydrated can ' t
99. you know working with a class who opted to do german and what we did is just take them out of the classroom one by one and just coach them on the questions that would be asked at the exam and as soon as they were out of the classroom just one to one with me for example they were like he he he i don ' t know anything oh yeah i do actually know this so that kind
100. they were like he he he i don ' t know anything oh yeah i do actually know this so that kind of thing you know yeah it ' s nerve wracking and the thing is the exam has changed now so you can ' t just drill them in those twenty questions or whatever and hope that you know and ask from that set of questions it ' s a bit more it has to be a
103. re just constantly working on the same stuff mm you ' re sort of flooding the market with with its own competition well you are why is it necessary to have a second edition so soon? because the exam is being revised so what we ' re publishing in twenty thirteen will will not be current will that have to be? okay but we don ' t know because esol are just like yeah we ' re
104. but they might change eight eighty percent which means we have to get authors to rewrite all of that material new exercises new examples for god ' s sake why would you need to constantly re revise exam? er it ' s almost like they ' re just creating work for themselves for the sake of it no you wonder yeah you know if it ' s been perfectly good up till this point why do they
110. i just hung out with a few other rejects so it was kind of alright i suppose yeah but yeah not exactly rejects but no it ' s ju no was talking about her her like a a mock exam and erm is i spoke to her at the and i said how did it go? and she was all like oh it was all a disaster i got all that wrong but in a kind of bravo
117. i took five days off work for the last tma and i would spend a day on each question and try and work it out for myself yeah because i knew that was really important to do the exam yeah and if you ' ve got five days you can do that yeah yeah that ' s true but when you ' ve got forty - five minutes per question it ' s not gonna happen you can '
120. the time do they actually do that? no yeah did i tell you the time i had my first ever time i invigilated exams was in my high school and we were doing the english exam and i was put with the head of english mm naturally he couldn ' t speak any english yeah but that ' s see he ' s the head of english and can ' t speak any english he i
122. head of english and can ' t speak any english he i see this student about ten minutes into the exam has fall he ' s fallen asleep on his desk yeah it ' s a two - hour exam and i ' m thinking there ' s no way he ' s finished his paper you know what i mean? so i kinda look over at the the head of english and he he looks at the student
123. he ' s been at our school more than once and done that same assembly more than once what? the the the zacharias? zacharias zacharias? yeah erm he did exam attack which is different i remember that did he? i don ' t remember i thought that was useful do you not remember we got this sheep thing like it was like stay calm like it ' s not
127. out here all the time even all my friends like yeah she ' s still nice she like if it wasn ' t for her i would have like failed last year because i couldn ' t find the exam hall and like she like came out like the exam had started already and she like ran out and like fourfound me cos it was this like place where city map basically led me to like underneath
128. yeah she ' s still nice she like if it wasn ' t for her i would have like failed last year because i couldn ' t find the exam hall and like she like came out like the exam had started already and she like ran out and like fourfound me cos it was this like place where city map basically led me to like underneath the bridge and this thing was like on top of
135. ' s actually how the brain works mm mm but then the literacy there is that you know i suppose eerm it ' s really hard because they really do you have to use words to write their exam you know they can ' t paint a picture to express their understanding of look in the mou and even then i quite like the french schooling but i ' ve seen enough french schools that do movies everyone
138. that? it was an accident oh you r are a tool it ' s not a lot is it? er no just take if off lick it off mate scrape it off blow job from student at exam? dissertation mate i thought had typed that into your work or something you what you ' re doing now is smearing it into the under - path of my foot i think this sock ' s gonna have
161. s not big but she just carries a few extra pounds mm probably a size fourteen but she ' s been trying to lose weight for ages and she can run mm and when she went for the entry exam the guy said right at this point you know those of you have passed need to do this and this to get ready for your fitness then he said you should be aiming to run a mile and a half
162. the same tis erm er very big in as much as we did the erm step exams with them recently yeah and erm we got this letter to say you mustn ' t start the exam at this time because they ' re not starting at until fourteen hundred hours in jakarta and all this yeah oh my god we ' ve got all these bits and bobs well that ' s normally why they
170. like interrogating me he was like why do think that is? i was like erm er i was just i was a bit nervous it was cos he changed my reed right before the exam i was like please don ' t change my reed he was like just to make it a bit harder i ' m like no please don ' t change my reed he changed my reed mm and that '
172. like them no in the photos one of them had a moustache in his photo yeah and he was like standing there for ages going er? yeah what? anybody could come in and sit that exam for them yeah yeah totally they ' d just take their own anyone could yeah let ' s not tell them that no okay dystopian view yeah well it ' s about as far as i '
180. management role there mm yeah because there ' s lots of things that i can see needs to happen yeah but i ' m not there i ' m not there for that no i was i mean the exam was set up really well on friday the way that it was set up but i would ' ve done it a little bit differently yeah i ' d have done it a little bit differently but that ' s
184. got and how you can show that you ' ve like created something mm from all this stuff beforehand and i didn ' t have any like supporting work like any at all so i just went into the exam did something and didn ' t have anything to oh my god back it up so excellent no wonder i did so badly in it like really no wonder you didn ' t do that badly what did you get
188. but some places do say well behaved dogs welcome though and i imagine they would s if your dog was running around barking they would say get out yeah but i think sandy would very useful in just an exam hall so many people to go and see s so useful yeah i think he ' d really enjoy it lot ' s of new people and they ' d be lots of things he could sort of help with
190. like do it now though probably cos it ' s like no too in advance that ' s a thing to do as well try and book a ho like i know a restaurant like seven weeks in exam er in advance like she she ' d even book train tickets when she tried to book them was it she rang she was like yeah you ' re not allowed to book er train tickets eleven weeks in advance
195. just that you reminded me made a really funny you at work made a really really funny comment the other day they were asking me about the navy thing and i was telling them that that i passed my exam on that and em i said but obviously i ' ve got to send my paperwork back when i have my eye test on wednesday and the doctor ' s clearly going to tell me off for sending in my
202. was gonna say when ' s the exam? i babysit or look after my grandson and i ' m not sure what three times three times a week i think i think i dunno when the exam is either they keep moving it because erm of our teacher being upstairs doing level two mm do you see her or not? yeah yeah we see her she was chatting well chatting to signing to us last
207. chopped off do you? no you hold the end and you chop towards it yeah so she says bear that in mind she says and they ' ll they ' ll mark you don ' t in the exam if you ' re doing the cucumber chopping that way cos why would you be holding there? but you can argue i chop a cucumber the other way well you just have the
208. i think i have yeah yeah dog lazy spell her name out dog lazy yeah lazy big big dog yeah we haven ' t so we we ' re going over what we ' ve gotta do in the exam but she did say she was gonna make sure yeah that we all know exactly what we ' re saying before mm we go into the exam and you can have a practice before the run through on camera oh
209. ' re going over what we ' ve gotta do in the exam but she did say she was gonna make sure yeah that we all know exactly what we ' re saying before mm we go into the exam and you can have a practice before the run through on camera oh so we ' re all gonna know she s so don ' t worry about all these different signing like should just learn the ones that are
211. down to fertility and so like when the shit really hits the fan and stuff really starts to bite then people start to try to control fertility and that was her view mm so you ' ve got an exam what that ' s like an hour long? yeah twenty marks okay and they ' re gonna ask what three three essay questions or something like that? no just the one twenty mark question one twenty mark question
216. had this book on roderick last of the goths and i i mean the i had to memorise so many different languages and so many different dialects and i managed it except that when i finished the exam i remember going to the common room picking up a times and starting to memorise the the the stories on the front page and i thought there ' s something wrong here yeah need some real life just trained
227. mean in some dialects the grammar changes doesn ' t it yeah yeah yeah but you know it does sort of make you think you know what what why are we meaning the the interesting the i think for exam passes it matters maybe not for general use sure sure sure yeah but exam cos when i when i played these tapes to the three korean girls they really enjoyed having their awareness raised yeah yeah cos i
228. but you know it does sort of make you think you know what what why are we meaning the the interesting the i think for exam passes it matters maybe not for general use sure sure sure yeah but exam cos when i when i played these tapes to the three korean girls they really enjoyed having their awareness raised yeah yeah cos i i i pointed this out to them i ' ve been and they said
237. ' t speak any english yeah cos you know it was man because he ' s old so i invigilated it ' s really boring walked around for hours just doing nothing but the first exam i ever invigilated was a two - hour exam and i remember really clearly that this student fell asleep within about ten minutes of the exams completely down on me and i remember looking at the the
242. of material okay they were try and and so again there was there were some students who did very well and i think the ones who did very well in the coursework probably did less well in the exam mm but the ones that did less well in the coursework seemed to have put maybe it ' s a case of they thought i ' d better put some effort in well it could be just regression to
245. for from nine o ' clock till four or five o ' clock yes it ' s horrible and and also in the afternoon for the first time cos of security erm they it was like an exam we had to move the desks from the horseshoe shape to exam style oh yes a metre a metre apart plus we got given different erm sets of paper anyway and you know that bloke from
250. just wants some attention maybe i should go outside do you want some attention? it ' s still raining though it ' s not raining much yeah so i ' ve got to source the er find the exam find the material yeah make sure it ' s the right level and whatev which has to include a definition a summary and a compare and contrast oh within one text will you write the text yourself? well
251. to us about religion because she but how can she be an re teacher then? cos sh mm? how can she be an re teacher? because well it was because re wasn ' t an exam subject or anything it was just something you had to do as part of curriculum so you had a lesson a week yeah but how can she be an re teacher if she couldn ' t? well no because
252. did t ' ai chi at uni and that ' s how you do it is it but you have to imagine things and and stuff ah little t ' ai chi face i did it through the exam period cos they were offering frfree t ' ai chi lessons oh to calm you down yeah? yeah to calm me down and i also went to erm this buddhist woman used to come in around
254. ##ing another photographer yeah who was there so like they all got to go backstage and meet them and say hello oh my god i know i ' ve never forgiven my mam for that was like one exam for that oh come on butterfly fly away see it moved its wings then i think it ' s broken that leg or something cos it ' s just dragging it yeah it does seem to be dragging it
259. i did it and then you think oh that ' s a good time to er and then li li end and then it does it all again it ' s so annoying and then i remember in my exam i was so hot i wish i ' d taken my blazer off i was sweating i took my blazer off so much i made sure i ' d ta taken it off i could feel like sweat
260. and my scales are awful but this time that was what happened this time my pieces were like okay my scales were good and stuff she said that there i had a sound performance in all aspects of the exam mm something like that fancy i can ' t remember what she said to me didn ' t you you got like twenty - seven on your pieces no i got twenty - eight on my study in grade five
262. in harry potter ststork i ' m wai i ' m literally waiting for an email to come through like hey mate got some work for you mate there are ninety - two shifts on offer yeah exam period cheers bud ' s having ninety of them but you can have the fucking rest go fight for them did any of you did any of you get the the emails for the work at helping the nursing things
265. yeah that ' s true you were extreme top end for a two one i forgot about that that ' s a nice thing to be reminded of ha mm i e you er deserved a first but the exam system beat you to it hmm mm yeah it did but still you ' d be in exactly the same position doing exactly the same thing i would be that ' s the thing but i can ' t see
267. ' ve got to be like normal people having a conversation yeah erm and like i know the stress affects them but you can tell like when they get on well anyway outside of class but in the exam they can be with anyone aha yeah yeah it might actually help them in the exam to be with a complete stranger yeah in a strange environment i wonder if part of the shyness is a worry about
268. know the stress affects them but you can tell like when they get on well anyway outside of class but in the exam they can be with anyone aha yeah yeah it might actually help them in the exam to be with a complete stranger yeah in a strange environment i wonder if part of the shyness is a worry about being judged by people that they know yep because you ' re really on the spot er
269. they ' re nice group i was with mo i was with and her stomach was rumbling for three hours straight i thou i was like we really you need food and there ' s this bit in the exam where it ' s just silence for like fifteen seconds while they read whatever they ' re reading yeah er and it was at that point every single group of people that her stomach would start and she would be
276. that every school uses really i think that yes i ' ve seen i ' ve seen them yeah i you know for aall subjects yes they do all subjects all exam boards yeah cgp our own exam you know your your syllabus is covered in there but in the yeah because this is the aqa edition exam board aqa you can buy one for edexcel ocr whiche whichever board
283. used to give us those you know erm at when we had exams? yeah they used to give us those why? to eat oh right we were allo we were allowed to eat in our exam what for free? yeah a frusli? man mm frusli frusli mm do you know like fruit fruit i thought oh frusli i was thinking of fusilli but that
284. ##by the film why do you need to watch it? i don ' t know i just feel like i need to you ' re not redoing it are you for? for no no the exam? no no no must get erm okay we could do that we could erm where did the sun go? right erm oh it ' s daylight saving time now so it ' ll soon get
303. us a hat tri go on show us a hat trick thank you go on sh shh good grief go on show us your hat trick so is it just you and and doing the dance thingy exam? and is the annoying one? yeah why is he doing it? cos he doesn ' t appear to like the his mum must have signed him up mm he ' s the one that makes a
311. ##ff oh she ' s jewish herself but she was sort of saying well it ' s not the genius of the hungarian language it ' s just that well if there ' s if there ' s one exam if there ' s like sort of i think it i i mean i guess if they ' re all jewish then that would be sort of a question they ' re not all but mostly yeah that could go
313. mm i ' ve still got my frigging thing to do what? my erm revision powerpoints that i have to oh go through which is fun revision for what? have you got another exam? well basically i ' m making mmy i ' m basically transferring all my revision things to my to powerpoint thing oh yeah i remember you said that to print that ' s a good idea when
314. know yeah a bit of a bit of to and fro on that and well and then they might say it doesn ' t matter i just think oh yeah fine but but it a japanese person for exam a high context person might would take umbrage take more might take it more per and you think well you know yeah mm because they ' re losing face it ' s a bigger thing for them yes
315. ##s i think that ' s so difficult that which one? yes could should yeah could should yes just leave that as an example but that ' s a that should you that ' s a a good exam i ' ve got a yeah a sentence for correction that i ' ve done with with quite advanced students and that isn ' t the problem mm it ' s a completely different problem in that sentence mm and
325. was at school and there was no point well i guess there was cos some people learn practically but mm but like it wasn ' t like how do you dissect a heart? on the exam but then i guess they have to teach you cos you probably do have to do that at like a level or uni or whatever mm but they could at least wait till then if you ' re
331. said yeah to these questions at the time? mm and i think am i asking too much of them? and i ' m going no i ' m only asking sort of to the level of the exam mm and to the level of things they may need to be able to talk about yeah erm they ' ve gotta grow up they ' ve gotta mature yeah they ' ve got to be able to do
339. just me with baby and dog oh okay why ' s that? well it ' s the week after ' s birthday so it ' s the twenty - eighth that ' s sunday ' s got an exam on the twenty - ninth in so he ' s going down the night before is he? so he ' s going down the night before and we ' ll be all alone so we thought they ' d
342. ? yes i think i leant her all my books well i gave her all my books cos i ' m not going to use them oh yeah i s wasn ' t she gonna take some exam wasn ' t she in in spanish? i think she still is well er yeah she likes languages does yeah write back in spanish oh thank you for your message and that ' s in spanish is it coming
344. it just says thirty - six pass it here send me a text saying good news oh right what? i can press them to get rid of them can ' t i? oh that was my german exam when i said new good news yeah ah yeah yeah that ' s cos he did a really good german oral yeah he didn ' t drop a point very good yeah out of thirty - sixty - sixty
345. ##t slides one to nine okay so let ' s have a look this is gonna take fifteen minutes right so listening listening ' s fifty - five percent? yeah cos they ' ve separated the vocabulary exam yeah okay timing huh? twenty minutes? okay mid - semester exam speaking eight minutes okay so that ' ll only take five minutes to go through? hang on so for the first through to slide nine well
348. ' s the same yeah but that one ' s only twenty minutes and that one ' s fifty minutes yeah? where does it say twenty minutes? it says on the previous says here mid - semester exam twenty end of semester fifty really? they ' re gonna do two lectures in twenty minutes? that ' s what it says are they serious? that can ' t be right dunno that ' s what
355. they have like a sentence that says something like nah i don ' t know why they ' d bother checking that ' s a lot of time yeah yeah and even if they did to be fair the exam board can ' t actually do anything about it because he might be lying for all we know because there is no way first of all telling that he ' s telling the truth and second of all that it
356. mm that ' s that mm she she ' ll do it better than anyone else by the end of the year mm still she can do it now she she said to me can i just take the exam now and see see what i get? if i do really well then why should i do the course? yeah straight oh god it was so sad she was sitting there she wa like and she sat where
357. oh okay curriculum but she did this last time we spent ages on the first few and then she covered the last ones like really quickly? really quickly and yet they were given equal time allowance in the exam and it w it was a bit oh doesn ' t really make it very easy when they do that does it? no annoying mm i don ' t know er i don ' t think this one gets

