Cluster 1
1. ' t know i mean imagine that no but yes yeah imagine that trying to teach your students bohemian rhapsody i mean they must they must think it absolutely bonkers wouldn ' t they and let ' s concept check galileo oh god beelze beelzebub and all that palaver yeah but yeah he got the box ticked probably for extrovert oh absolutely probably student fun student interaction they were having a
5. homes now no no well i ' m sure in some places they will where everybody smokes but you know yeah yeah well we ' re erm we ' re going to new york mm and the concept is to use up all my air miles yeah great so of course you used to be able to use airmails and get free flights mm mm and that was it but now of course a you can
11. right buns slowly going down my throat oh unpleasant buns oh other food some of the food actually mm there ' s there ' s more oh i can smell eeyore was a very good concept what is? eeyore yes he ' s nice isn ' t he this eeyore particularly cos it it really makes you want to hug him he ' s very nice shaped as well for
14. yeah er it ' s firing over to get to hit someone yeah you ' re attacking me but it must have something to fire over you can ' t just yeah shoot with this dude no an interesting concept mm i wanna get rid of this piece but yeah i don ' t know how to do that but i take it it ' s not worth these pieces aren ' t worth very much are they? th
15. like at least when like like a hollywood inspired hollywood goes like inspired by the events of battle royale yeah yeah exactly but it ' s it ' s a it ' s a it ' s an old concept though isn ' t it like the idea of people unwillingly pitted against each other like erm what ' s that other film? what ' s the arnie film about that kind of a the running
16. of people unwillingly pitted against each other like erm what ' s that other film? what ' s the arnie film about that kind of a the running man it ' s a very similar concept i haven ' t seen it but i wanna is that arnold schwarzenegger? that ' s convicts though and the idea it ' s i think the the prisons are overcrowded so they do this
17. do this game and it ' s like whoever wins their freedom yeah and it ' s kind of the the last man standing have you ever seen rollerball with sam kane? again a similar a similar concept what a game that was can ' t believe that isn ' t it ' s gonna be in the next olympics i hope so i used to have a game on the pc called hyberblade
21. other one the other one what do you guys think? should i give the spoon with the cake or shall i wait? so confusing that one do the do the new york one it ' s a concept okay? it ' s a concept do the new york one i can ' t remember it that ' s the thing it ' s gone now what one? the new york one it for ages give her
22. you guys think? should i give the spoon with the cake or shall i wait? so confusing that one do the do the new york one it ' s a concept okay? it ' s a concept do the new york one i can ' t remember it that ' s the thing it ' s gone now what one? the new york one it for ages give her a hook you must remember a hook
24. feel cafe? i don ' t know i ' ll have to look it up mm yeah i remember reading about it last week cos when we were in australia we saw that pay as you feel concept much more widely used but it ' s did you? yeah like they had erm at the convent they had pay as you feel yoga mm okay erm pay as you feel obviously food and i saw
25. feel yoga mm okay erm pay as you feel obviously food and i saw a stand on the high street in melbourne saying pay as you feel balloons and like face painting that ' s nice but that concept in the uk seems to be brand new yeah erm obviously it ' s all started by volunteers mm like in australia and uk but which i mean you could say it ' s kind of exploiting people
26. making money well that ' s nice mm that ' s good i mean but i ' m assuming that these ones in london aren ' t there yet no i mean it still seems to be very new concept early days and i wonder if i mean i suppose if they ' re registered charities then they wouldn ' t pay business tax would they? yeah they ' d have all those charity charitable exemptions yeah and
27. kind of just supports them with i dunno and then they share their oh okay what they found out and one of them was an example of this woman who tried to use she said when she asked concept questions she wasn ' t sure because you get a general kind of yes or no from the class cos it ' s just kind of shouted out yeah she said you can ' t be sure if everybody
28. you get a general kind of yes or no from the class cos it ' s just kind of shouted out yeah she said you can ' t be sure if everybody has understood when you asked a concept question no so she wanted to experiment with using mini whiteboards oh so that she ' d ask a concept question and they ' d all write and hold up and i sai they mean whiteboards rather than
29. out yeah she said you can ' t be sure if everybody has understood when you asked a concept question no so she wanted to experiment with using mini whiteboards oh so that she ' d ask a concept question and they ' d all write and hold up and i sai they mean whiteboards rather than tablets really? yes wh this may have been a while ago okay yeah maybe maybe not yeah but then
30. into a long - winded you know mm and everybody holding them up and everyone reading everyone else ' s yeah but then she discovered through that that she probably asked too many just a yes or no concept questions yeah okay and something like that so i don ' t know yeah but so she kind of said this is what i want to look at oh okay and did a little mini projecty thing on there
34. a yeah just a discernible piece of piece of something yeah anything yeah nugget of wisdom yeah can have that can ' t you cos you can have a nugget of a concept it ' s like a raw form isn ' t it? which is quite weird considering the chicken nugget it ' s like it ' s probably like already formed it ' s like yeah nugg
35. ah but yeah that ' s true nuggets were you ' ve seen a nugget of raw material and a nugget of material and you can talk about nuggets of a concept mm? just a piece which is a lovely word always a lovely word huh? all words are lovely really yeah it ' s nice language is just mm that ' s why yeah it ' s great isn
36. ##keepers the decision makers yeah but it kind of makes sense to them because it makes sense to them cos they ' re trying to run a health economy with just cottage hospitals yeah so the cottage hospice concept fits into their construct of what they see yeah as secondary care right uhu there ' s another level of there about why to have it there cos what i don ' t want to happen is the
37. i ' d rather be it doesn ' t fill me with joy the thought of doing it you ' re saying that and i ' m totally agreeing with you but it ' s like a completely new concept to me this mm it ' s only really been in the last year or so it ' s a completely new concept that it has to be a proper thing or it ' s it ' s really not
38. and i ' m totally agreeing with you but it ' s like a completely new concept to me this mm it ' s only really been in the last year or so it ' s a completely new concept that it has to be a proper thing or it ' s it ' s really not worth the what it is see when you ' re you meet people all the time and you go out with people all
41. i mean or even even to the extent of not watching the trailers yeah i try sometimes to you you have no no in - depth knowledge of the movie yeah you have no no predestined concept ideas concept you i don ' t know maybe even go as far as to put them in the cinema and have them watch the movie don ' t even tell them the title that that would be the fair
42. or even even to the extent of not watching the trailers yeah i try sometimes to you you have no no in - depth knowledge of the movie yeah you have no no predestined concept ideas concept you i don ' t know maybe even go as far as to put them in the cinema and have them watch the movie don ' t even tell them the title that that would be the fairest review
46. or the scrolling em mm thing right i ' m going to no it ' s it ' s ever so good the screen it doesn ' t look like a screen does it? it ' s the concept though isn ' t it? of using a scroll rather than see you bye have a good climb see you later on see you bye but i think you can change so you can just tap it to turn
47. fixed amount and then you can have as much as you want have as much as you like it ' s really popular er amongst the thai people and they have a chain which is built around the same concept and in fact i did it before in china with that family that was like the special meal that they did for me oh gosh of was this yeah i don ' t know what it ' s called
50. ' s very effective but i think it would ' ve been far better you know i huh in that film it wasn ' t the graphicness of the violence that was the disturbing thing it was the concept mm and i think the fact that it was clean you know there wasn ' t any blood yeah ringing ah it ' s probably your mum no it ' s you um i mean i can are you sure
51. just fine yeah i think it was like that ' s why i think it was a little bit a wasted opportunity for far more thought - provoking mm for far more sort of it was a brilliant concept for er could of been taken a lot further mm but in some ways but that would be an entirely different book yeah but it wasn ' t as in but like i said fundamentally disturbing thing was the concept
52. for er could of been taken a lot further mm but in some ways but that would be an entirely different book yeah but it wasn ' t as in but like i said fundamentally disturbing thing was the concept and i think that was think about it like in every scene it ' s not like in every in in every scene where two of them were together like any two of them or two or more it '
53. brain well well it would be nice if there was in t in terms of marketing things yes and all of what you ' re saying is completely true mm but isn ' t quite as disturbing as that concept it was a very very warped okay very strange okay well i mean think about the film matilda which is essentially about child abuse again so it ' s a far less disturbing concept okay but did you enjoy it
54. quite as disturbing as that concept it was a very very warped okay very strange okay well i mean think about the film matilda which is essentially about child abuse again so it ' s a far less disturbing concept okay but did you enjoy it? yes i enjoyed it tr tremendously i thought it was fucking good good just marred i ' d have said you shouldn ' t have it was brilliant it was well -
55. to be honest no if there ' s anything you should give him a book on living in the now well exactly you can say that to him ' s a big fan of the old er total living concept mm he ' s in to it but i he could do without his phone but he needs to put his phone down yeah well i ' ve sa he knows it he knows it ' s out of hand
58. mm oh yeah cos when i heard that that was coming out i thought yes brilliant that ' s rea yeah cos w enjoyed the book yeah mm nicole kidman? or enjoyed the whole concept mm yeah the whole idea and then i saw some of these trailers and i thought nicole kidman the star? and to be hone i was at the pictures and i and it ' s set in
63. ' ve gotta throw em off the screen haven ' t you? erm you gotta keep beating them up until you can throw em completely off the screen? yeah right hang on that was a good concept er it was like the only game that fighting ever did that here we go ah we ' ve got er that one there that one we ' ll do er the one that you ' ll remember which is
64. abstract idea but he didn ' t create anything no he no for people to look at it ' s just an idea yeah well these people don ' t create anything do they they come up with a concept and they get somebody else to do it and get someone else to do it yeah yeah or they ' d just laid out a load of bricks hadn ' t they hmm yeah mm what was it? things
65. when you look at the picture on the wall you don ' t know who it ' s by and i think on the frames we need a little golden handwritten or a stamp that looks handwritten concept even if it just says concept effects yeah yeah just in the corner of the frame and then when people look at it round other people ' s houses yeah the logo thing would be quite good but it '
66. on the wall you don ' t know who it ' s by and i think on the frames we need a little golden handwritten or a stamp that looks handwritten concept even if it just says concept effects yeah yeah just in the corner of the frame and then when people look at it round other people ' s houses yeah the logo thing would be quite good but it ' s a bit complicated innit
72. meal it ' s quite exiting it ' s veggie breakfast pizza mm disappointingly didn ' t have any sausage on ah ah mm yeah yeah that ' s a shame it ' s an interesting concept so we ' d thought we ' d try it mm but we feel i don ' t think if we took it further it was just yeah needed to go like yeah the whole hog did it have some
75. weird what was all that about? i don ' t know well you ' re going to have to show me i will to see if it makes any more sense visually but yeah like such a ridiculous concept they did show us erm this really well i thought it was quite a clever advert it was for erm ah probably clinique makeup or no it was cover girl mascara oh yeah and er
78. ##i oh okay yeah good thing that is in my notes cos things assimilate to other things yeah and they ' re accommodating in their head for a new er yes erm concept or object indeed so this is a continuous process and this happens like all the time like whenever they ' re okay doing a new thing so they ' re always like looking for new things however piaget also
80. full price? yeah children don ' t get a children ' s ticket? no no not on ryanair no oh my goodness because they take up a whole seat presumably? yeah that ' s the concept and when they sit on your lap there was a kind of flat fee of thirty thirty quid or something thirty euros mm so they even paid then it ' s erm it gets so complicated i am
81. i don ' t know playing playing the bells what was he doing? you know how that became part? i ' m sorry? do you remember how the tubular bells became part of the the whole concept? concept of what? the album apparently you know they got this manor right and this is where they recorded all the artists and erm as fate would have it it just threw some person and meeting another
82. ' t know playing playing the bells what was he doing? you know how that became part? i ' m sorry? do you remember how the tubular bells became part of the the whole concept? concept of what? the album apparently you know they got this manor right and this is where they recorded all the artists and erm as fate would have it it just threw some person and meeting another person and
83. do you need to blow your nose? yes i do thank you erm he managed to put down on a two track tape recorder who was this? mike oldfield right the erm the basic concept of the album and he recorded it on two tracks and played it on two tracks yeah wow amazing and played it to er i think one of the ultimate producers of the album who produced it? er two
84. time the cash flow wasn ' t great and they were just struggling to survive and he said who virgin records were? yeah yeah and that er they but they thought it was such a gr an innovative concept and great potential although musically speaking i mean branson ' s favourite song apparently was er i ' m a batchelor boy by cliff richards you know? so that jesus christ that that was yeah i
87. s a good film mm i liked it that ' s cool and then i watched erm this programme rereality tv which i normally hate but this one was quite cool because it was a cool concept it was like people who got to like late thirties forties or early thirties even and hadn ' t found love uhu and then they have to they put their faith in these erm like board scientists
91. didn ' t what i do know about cricket it mainly comes from the album um the ducksworth the ducksworth lewis method um which is a sort of novelty well so it ' s sort of a concept album all about cricket it ' s really good but it doesn ' t really tell you much about cricket who ' s the band? um the band is called the ducksworth lewis method and i think the
92. the minute so have i no cos it ' s not my game at the minute we only do we don ' t have many cards yeah well i ' m struggling r erm not just the concept but but with my eyes because erm to see this i need these but to read this i can ' t use these so i ' m kind of off on off on it ' s not working i
100. wearing yeah like but i suppose it wouldn ' t be amazing to them cos they ' d be used to it used to being able to see it as for us it would be amazing no the concept wouldn ' t be amazing but i still think actually seeing for the first time cos you ' re not gonna wake up and be a baby and then see all your ancestors going back like a thousand years
101. i did a google search for one of my lecturers and eh managed to find a video of him eh talking to someone sort of for an for an event oh right and he was talking about the concept that he was exploring in his art work and it ' s a thing called cyber provincialism which is kind of the the it ' s exploring the concept that online even though you ' re potentially connected to
103. this to my class they were really sort of intrigued by this idea and em and then in the write up i explained that em my my original idea about em eh eh cyber provincialism which was the concept that sort of started the whole building in minecraft em project em at first it was like em when i first heard about it i was think maybe em the idea is that these people in their game worlds
104. ' s terrible why would you do that? that ' s yeah i think the the problem i have who ' d give planning for that? mm mm i mean i have with planning i like the concept of the programme the problem is is the first word of the name yeah is grand yeah a lot of them aren ' t and grand actually grandiose grand actually comes down to the fact that it '
107. it er? i i don ' t know now i can ' t remember i looked at the looked at how many there is cos you ' ve gotta scroll down a bit and look at er concept effects co dot uk yeah yeah? yeah but i went in er there ' d been a fair there ' d have been a fair bit of traffic over the last fortnight of people looking at that yeah
108. keep getting is a load of spam you know the pharmacy bits and mm all that um we had to empty our empty the box out the other day didn ' t we what for yours and mine concept? from concept yeah effects yeah well you can set the password back up on that again cos you ' ve got control of it yeah i should do shouldn ' t i yeah i was just saying to
109. a load of spam you know the pharmacy bits and mm all that um we had to empty our empty the box out the other day didn ' t we what for yours and mine concept? from concept yeah effects yeah well you can set the password back up on that again cos you ' ve got control of it yeah i should do shouldn ' t i yeah i was just saying to carl that mm
110. so that got yeah that got retweeted and er there are at least eight photographers following us are there? from from yorkshire yeah and the and the yeah lake district oh brilliant so you put concept on all of them? yeah right mm so so the web address that i ' ve put in for me mm well from from my tweet cos my i ' m yeah but the web address
111. of them? yeah right mm so so the web address that i ' ve put in for me mm well from from my tweet cos my i ' m yeah but the web address is concept effects right so people look at it and they make comments great yep so i was saying to er cos there is a a chart on the statistics to say how many people have looked at yeah i see
112. it ' s erm oh i see it yeah this is the i thought that was her looking at it this is isn ' t her painting no wow no this is just yeah that ' s the concept that ' s really cool it was about women ' s bodies in magazines which was good did she get a good mark for it? yeah she got an a star oh my god what overall? yeah at
117. go on walk up there try and get up that hill and like waiting for it to like smash his face over make a mm youtube phenomenon gopro that ' s brilliant i came up with a great concept which is go bro just put the like cam on the bro it ' s like go bro just make him do broey things go bro go bro go bro go bro but those are funny i ' ve
118. yeah yeah yeah for sure you know all the different types and clint eastwood oh god yeah yeah you know all sorts of classic yeah that ' s she ' s she ' s it ' s an interesting concept isn ' t it? i love the idea of how you connect these illustrations to actual films you know yes and if you have a favourite film the scene in film you know that you used mm that you
120. ' s like a character erm it was in the news like j k rowling was like oh harry potter ' s son is starting school today good luck and it was basically like oh a fictional concept that harry potter oh is now old enough for his son as cos like at the end of the last book or something yeah james went to school or one of them went to school and that was his
121. know he just feels like that for for what people told him anyway he just feels that there are certain phases in peoples ' lives where or potential phases that can happen where people are far removed from the concept mm and then he said there ' s other times it ' s like an elastic band like i was i was thinking about when my mum passed away i i lived every day as if it was the present
128. talk about the recording while it ' s recording aren ' t we? yeah yeah um the only people we shouldn ' t do really so the the they don ' t seem to understand the basic experimental concept um the only people who will listen to them are the transcribers transcribers? um yeah so they oh so people are writing down what you ' re saying conversations? yeah okay and
130. same it sounds the same like it ' s s yeah it ' s similar a villain who ' s not really a villain he ' s actually quite nice er yeah yeah it ' s a very similar concept only megamind ' s quite funny megamind ' s good yeah this is subtly better right er no i haven ' t definitely haven ' t seen this then okay um tut what i suggest is if
132. the narrative in the storytelling of the case study will never match anything that they ' re capable of doing themselves and i can tell you that for sure unless the one with the has got that entertainment content concept going the learning o the learning that comes from an entertaining and entertainment ' s hard cos it ' s so subjective so that ' s why a real lives case study is almost as good as watching a
136. but it ' s like the story was better jessica lange is jessica lange anyway yeah jessica lange was awesome yeah but like i kinda felt like you have like such a great could you pass me that? concept like oh yeah you have a nineteen fifties american asylum like you they could literally be thank you they said that they were anything like that not doing anything but it ' s not but i guess it ' s
137. just hires a car and then just drives like he loves driving so he ' ll just drive across oh america ' s america to the other side a place to do that yeah so a real beautiful er concept so he did like route sixty - six obviously cos that ' s the route that you have to do erm and he did it the first time and he said it was like archetypal really
143. song born to be wild yeah so what does heavy metal represent? what does it symbolise? as in the metaphor what do the words heavy metal symbolise? that ' s it ' s a concept it is well and don ' t say like mercury or something mm mm really listening to the sound of metal will help you think of all of your favourite metals titanium gold it mi i dunno motorcycle engine
148. s been a lot of technology yeah so i ' ve yeah learned from being quite little how to use technology yeah and to understand technology mm mm and although yes technology progresses it ' s the same basic concept yes whereas phones are getting more and more you know cha spangly dangly or whatever yeah but they ' re still the same concept of how to work a phone yeah so like with the remote controls and
150. sky and how to use yeah yeah a this tv remote and how to change between that and that so then when it goes onto a bigger remote i still understand it because it ' s still the basic concept of the remote controls i ' ve been used to using as being little yeah yeah yeah so just still the same basic conce if all that changes as mm i get older it ' ll be the mm
154. of but he ' s still interested in digital art so he ' d like your your train my train? yeah and stuff like that might be a good idea like digital art we put ourselves as just concept right a name you know er so that and we stamped the back so he ' ll j if they look at anything it ' ll just be concept with no no one ' s got their names well apart
155. good idea like digital art we put ourselves as just concept right a name you know er so that and we stamped the back so he ' ll j if they look at anything it ' ll just be concept with no no one ' s got their names well apart from the back of yeah back of the items yeah um so we want to go as you know see if we can get but he did take one
156. come in and fill up like that that ' s exactly what that is that shop is though was it steel vats? yeah we should go there yeah well there you are so somebody has imported the concept just take this to the wines and yeah but have it cheaper to have a booze cruise i know yeah you get the slightest on your principles now we can have a there ' s more english ones too
160. of her her life where it had par particular significance because she met somebody and you know? there was some theme in there to do with it but you know? it was just an interesting kind of concept if you like for a a book a right just a thread through yeah yeah yeah particularly as it was about her her amazing creativity yeah yeah yeah and her in her life and you know? how how that
161. need to ' ve started something it ' s easier to just take it like erm you know you take your vegetables to the marketplace and you sell them on that day yes if you start on that concept mm you find your consumer mm y they pay you ten quid for something yes you get money through the door absolutely and you know you don ' t have to worry about big company clients no and all
162. yeah i wonder why they situated it out here outside of rather than inside do you think it ' s a bit cheaper? for the rents and th they looked for a pub that suited the the the concept i think because the position ' s good where it is it ' s got a catchment area it ' s er well yeah i mea near the beach yeah but i it ' s you you ' ve

Cluster 2
2. students come here with the idea that it ' s a fun summer school yeah and we ' re yeah but yeah the koreans or from the far east or middle east the they come it ' s different concept of what they ' re there for isn ' t it absolutely yeah some yeah it ' s for fun but yeah others it ' s like why are we doing? where do they get that from? and
4. miss it though because like okay well you ' re stevie wonder who ' s a brilliant musician who were born blind yeah will he have ever missed being able to see because he never he never had any concept of actually what you wouldn ' t miss it cos you ' ve never had it you don ' t know what seeing is so how could you ever people describe it to you how do you describe like
8. why would you? yeah the only times that i ffeel like this is when i work erm when i work in mm where i have fridays off yeah and you know there ' s no concept of what day is it? or when ' s the weekend? or i ' m looking forward to mm cos it just doesn ' t exist yeah yeah er and you ' re on a completely different
9. like that mm yeah i ' m a lot more when uhu time ' s like that you know not e not necessarily sitting around doing nothing day in day out but i mean when you lose that concept of what day it might be yeah yeah it doesn ' t matter yeah on friday night i got loads of like drunk messages off friends and sort of ex yeah? ex people not exes necessarily but sort
10. friends are but it ' s just organising mm a difficult party yeah yeah so was it his it was his party? yeah that he was organising yeah yeah yeah so he maybe didn ' t have any concept of it being a difficult thing yeah for a lot of people particularly those that had to travel by public transport you know and yeah it took ages for me to go i ' m really sorry i didn '
18. ##wit yeah it ' s my life i have to keep that roof over my head i ' ve got dependents do you know what i mean? it ' s like he ' s got no concept of you know and i ' d be like oh i ' m really tired he ' s like oh come on let ' s go out no i ' m really tired yeah oh no i ' m really
20. the knowledge like in the same way that they teach no cos that ' s now that ' s them to do everything? yeah but no but time is an abstract and the future is an abstract concept or it ' s not animals don ' t really they can communicate but i think it ' s the change in temperature isn ' t it mm why they hibernate? well yeah it ' s a
33. schedules issues with the proofs whatever marketing don ' t come you know it ' s not really relevant that ' s why they have no idea about the schedule so they have no idea they have no concept of the priority of your deadlines they ' ve got they don ' t care so you e - mail them and say okay well this is absolutely what i need from you and i really need it by
56. ##m and very convenient so you can see that it ' s sort of become a huge problem now they ' re because there ' s so many people you can ' t destroy it no who have no concept of recycling have you seen that picture of the pacific in that little pacific with a little but huge actually they ' re just full of plastic cos the currents they contrive to concentrate the thrown away
62. sort of met and s talked about te yeah tefl and stuff yeah yeah yeah no it ' s well i ' ve always found that funny as well what ' s what ' s people ' s concept of being married that they don ' t it ' s that bloke again do you know what he just cleaned the wire that time oh yeah where did he go? i dunno maybe he '
68. a tangible thing or it ' s it ' s like an itunes you know that ' s what i was gonna say it is tangible can you can you touch it? okay it ' s not a concept it ' s i it ' s a touch it as it click it through the yeah it ' s a digital touch as in you click on there okay on on the file ah so a file like a
71. mm that could be it ' s either i ' ll see you this morning or i ' ll see you tomorrow see you tomorrow i mean they ' re both entirely different things but luckily they have no concept of time anyway so well it ' s not a bad mentality really is it or it ' s not but i mean it can be infuriating when you ' re waiting for a bus and say
74. me and mm em ad he ' ll the the one thing that really pees me off with is that he expects me to do things for him immediately right and i i he ' s got no concept of how busy you are my mentality is is generally to be rude and i don ' t actually mean to be but i am most of the time i ' m rude to him i ' m like
77. take a risk and you lose your money well that ' s right yeah it ' s again it ' s not just about cos monmoney the concept of money is it ' s an abstract concept as a proxy for almost anything else it ' s a proxy for retiring earlier it ' s a proxy for working shorter hours it ' s a proxy for mm taking better holidays so it still might be that
88. terrible like you know racial profiling yea and then giving them something they really didn ' t need at the end like olive green doors and brass door knockers and driven up property prices like no concept of what they actually wanted like a kind of white like they call it the white saviour complex don ' t they? like the yeah the white person riding in wanting to and like yeah right claiming
97. based assemblies erm you know i was with g i grew up with people from so many different countries so i didn ' t have any idea i or i didn ' t have a notion or a concept of racism mm until i was probably i dunno fourteen fifteen sixteen and i remember erm kick racism out of football became a big thing mm and there were all sorts of banners in football grounds about kicking
99. was a part of that society made friends with people of the society mm hung out with our families must think it ' s a bit odd yeah where do you call home? do they really have any concept of what life ' s been like for us? no i know they hear it from us but it ' s hard to i mean mmy mum and your mum get really nervous and struggle when they go
113. yes there ' s some good in that that it is sort of normal and not just beans or whatever it is yeah cos i had to think of my own food because erm just had no concept that erm children might eat differently but er erm yeah no he doesn ' t erm er and er i think he forgets a lot yeah not not because he ' s going gaga or anything
122. they wouldn ' t but in a way what you ' re doing is you ' re mirroring what the bigger charities do yeah and i ' m having a pop at the bigger charities not at the concept of you saying yeah but i do actually fundamentally ask the question why do we need to know exactly like an accountant? who says that we have to think like accountants? why do we ask these questions?
123. early age but why not? cos it ' s real life and think he ' s gonna have to learn it at some stage it ' s not harmful is it? mm better to have a concept of what that might mean now than to go oh at thirteen i can ' t have this this this this this this this this or i ' m gonna have to get a part time job yeah if i
124. set it up basically so it makes it easy for them to say my parents are away or whatever in the day time they ' re at work come round it ' s pretty shock have they got no concept of the fact that their pa that the parent could walk in no this man sexually abusing somebody ' s daughter and and then nine nine nine and then he ' d be ki he ' d get caught
140. oh dead stink ' s so horrible isn ' t it? like my first experience of something dying i didn ' t get that it had died at all diddidn ' t even have the concept in my head that it had died mm i was like well it ' s asleep for some reason it won ' t wake up and i didn ' t notice the smell mm mm i know it ' s
147. kept moving it around yeah yeah have you been there before? yeah i have i have i didn ' t realise well that ' s some the thing i remember from er somebody was trying to get some concept of how much data is involved in having a complete genotype mm and somebody said well you need about a terabyte hard drive to hold it mm so that gives you a pretty good idea how much
152. i dunno when it is no it ' s the twenty - sixth of the second what ' s the date today? today is the twentieth the twentieth oh the series starts next week i have no concept of time when it ' s the holidays that only happens to me in summer when it ' s long enough it ' s not long enough yet so the second we break up at school you just i '
159. it anyway you don ' t get paid extra anyway well i don ' t know you must have had an idea of from whatever you get i i can try and add it up like i have no concept i mean but the thing is it ' s not a sudden all in one block like today for example i went into work at whatever time ten or something mm and then i did a lot of other stuff

Cluster 3
0. them everywhere like you ' d notice you would the poorly fit bras mm well we did didn ' t we? going round france apparently some people didn ' t even don ' t even understand the concept of a bra it was like oh okay boobs everywhere flopping around well ' s friend was in the apartment and she was wearing a t shirt and without a bra hers are down to her waist no
3. ##ies in yeah there ' s probably about four hundred quid in it i got m if you ' re lucky really angry with my mum when she took my pennies away didn ' t understand the concept of a bank i was like they ' re mine in my r literally in my roland rat money box oh it was the one with the tubes like one for two ps one for pennies one for ten
6. kind of erm based around less based around kind of er certain type of morali moral system and more based around like mystical inner experiences or you know looking for god inside yourself i know that that concept is in religion as well but it ' s like erm just a different emphasis you know? so there are like erm later on christian mystics in erm in germany for some reason who were
7. a presentation about that and have to choose a destination and plan an event and why and then we had to do responsible which was so boring and it was about the essay title was an investigation into the concept of a policy for a sustainable uk event industry and we had to write a two and a half thousand word essay about that and it was really boring but yeah fruit and then a toffee dip oh
12. what are we gonna do about our geordie shore this evening? cry we need to like invest in some new tv walking dead it ' s so expensive no i really can ' t stand the concept of vampires and zombies and stuff i really hate it it ' s not about zombies it ' s more people it ' s about zombies no it ' s not it ' s not well i ' m gonna
13. good at it i ' ve always been quite ruthless and said mm if i haven ' t touched it in a year it ' s gone i don ' t need it i ' ve never understood the concept of for example underbed storage mm to store things under your bed you have too much shit erm or i have too much shit cos again it ' s a personal thing but yeah moving a three
19. round within a book it would be like you ' re talking about tennis but you ' re really talking about the darkness in each other ' s souls and here we are talking about happiness as an abstract concept all symbolic of hitting a nice forearm oh yeah forearm? forehand forehand yeah nice that was nice foreforearm hit then could you make a move for forearm? you definitely could well you just
23. with and the grandchildren because i love them like my own grandchildren and i will you know play with them take them up the park and do all of that stuff but i will never ever i find the concept a bit strange i ' ll tell you what you won ' t do when gives you a grandchild and if if that happens but you won ' t be acknowledged you will feel you will feel you will
31. i was out one night when it happened nothing happened i was just there but to see if anything actually happened nothing happened oh what ' s this? beautiful so pretty it ' s so such a dangerous concept this isn ' t it? yeah have you er have you read anything? oh er no there he is have you read anything since erm like since you haven ' t had to do any work?
32. love with me? i ' m like maybe you ' re just no but as horrible as it sounds maybe she ' s just not like the one like i don ' t believe in the one that concept but you know maybe she ' s just not they ' re just not compatible yeah i just it sounds horrible i just don ' t think he finds her attractive is she head over heels heels in love with
39. them not even a you know? mm they must be terrified of him or else it was their first day or think they no they ' re probably just terrified of the patient and terrified of the whole concept of thinking about operating on people or whatever they ' re training to do well yeah well i should think by by the time oh i don ' t know i don ' t know how far along the line
40. ' t he hates the education does he? yeah he doesn ' t believe in the con well it ' s not that he hates the education he doesn ' t believe in the contex the concept of of business schools et cetera but this is about students telling us mm what they want he likes that he likes having mm customers telling you yeah yeah yeah what you want yeah yeah what they want yeah
43. know i mean how can that be fair when tritribesmen in in the jungle would have never they can ' t speak english or any modern language i just find it so yeah and and the concept of what islam is are forced to go to hell cos they don ' t follow the teachings you know? so yeah it ' s not fair but the di momost religions aren ' t like that
44. ##s it ' s f i i think that ob it ' s got to be flawed in some ways how? how would you? how is it flawed for you? in terms of oh obviously the concept of love is is is good but i mean christian values of turn the other cheek and you know? let people just get on and be forgiven mm mm if you ' re not religious and you don '
45. ' m reading a novel on my phone yeah kindle ' s the it ' s like an lcd screen yeah it doesn ' t reading as in i ' m trying to do an experiment with the concept of kindles so i ' m reading a novel mm on a mobile device my dad ' s got one if you want to have a squiz at it if i like this if i i '
48. think america has the largest economy if you look at europe europe ' s economy is bigger than america ' s yes and it is the biggest in the world migh a slightly different population right but the concept of it ' s a similar ma land mass lots of people uhu uhu uhu on in the western hemisphere kind of thing that that ' s the scale of it and erm i just find
49. ' s before anyone drew any lines and started to make things complicated and i don ' t even really know i ' m sure i ' ve been told i don ' t really know how the the concept of the occupied tterritories came about i think it was slightly later there was a war right that erm the jewish or israeli army won and they claimed land during the war and that was the
57. be late and and i said well just tell them when you get there no no i have to tell them that i ' m going to be late mm and i was trying to explain to her the concept of years ago when we didn ' t have phones yeah if you were late somewhere you know i said you basically you go in and you go up to your boss and you go i ' m sorry i
59. re very strong yeah but then haven ' t you noticed right? you know if you like i i don ' t eat tongue but you know like if you touch your tongue or if you you the concept of eating tongue like the texture ' s really weird that would be really but have you ever thought like i don ' t feel my own tongue like the only time i feel the texture of my own tongue
60. like she did but then if it was me i don ' t know if i would class that as something as w as something with any mm as losing your virginity suppose virginity is like a weird social concept yeah people think it ' s a physical thing or something pardon? people think it ' s a physical thing yeah it ' s not really a physical thing jesus but then jesus it ' s so funny and
61. a male one get a male yeah get a male ginger hamster we had erm loads of guinea pigs when i used to live in england and me and my sister didn ' t really understand the concept of sex yeah so like we put them altogether thinking well they were actually we thought they were girls and we named them monica phoebe and rachel ah and they just all mated one day and there was like twenty
67. and inintervention things like that so we we just like she likes to bring it up just to debate it she ' s got very strong opinions and stuff what about? just like the concept of being in the army or? yeah like the idea of fighting for she said like she says king and country and i ' m just like well we have a queen but queen and country queen and country
69. from mm no but they they can and like western and a western and asian and like i don ' t know about amero - indian cultures but linlineage is actually quite important as a social concept mm hm yeah there ' s a lot of myths around it erm i think it ' s just i would say from a a kind of logistical stand point it ' s easier to have one man because
70. their patients like we might as well i had asthma when i was four that ' s a completely different issue you ' re put you ' re saying no no but the thing is you ' re a concept you ' re using is that don ' t make generalisations yeah we ' re not buying it okay i won ' t use the point you shouldn ' t use generalisations but i ' ll
73. understand thinking actually i ' m not gonna drink for the next so many weeks and just do that for my health and do this and do that yeah but it just seems a bit of a a strange concept to say to do that it ' s like everything now innit? they ' ve all gotta do it for charity yeah ain ' t they? like the ice bucket challenge did you? yeah i didn
76. and you feel safe then yeah well if you take a risk and you lose your money well that ' s right yeah it ' s again it ' s not just about cos monmoney the concept of money is it ' s an abstract concept as a proxy for almost anything else it ' s a proxy for retiring earlier it ' s a proxy for working shorter hours it ' s a proxy for mm
79. be fair that is cause and effect it is cause and effect if a little inhumane i mean obviously you wouldn ' t do that that was called a joke cos but it ' s the same concept but if they were in day care oh okay yeah yeah what toys would you give them? probably things that burn them no okay erm well like things like you said earlier that feel different to each other
85. a joke considering and he was literally sitting there eating his with his tin one tin and we were sharing like bags of food that we had between us because the nibbly bits yeah yeah not understanding the concept of sharing i ' m just like yeah i don ' t get how in his head he doesn ' t see what he ' s doing yeah like especially on the ribs night when he was literally the only
86. proactively positive in his mind about give this a go mm whereas my discussion with the other night was quite negative h she was? she was quite negative she was negative about the context and the concept of erm trying to work in with these countries and people in these countries were were at a higher level and er erm that that involves some kind of er government approval what evidence did she have to
89. did mention something about god - son the other day so and i couldn ' t remember who it was i must look that up actually just to double - check for my own it ' s a strange concept that mm god - parents mm cor what are we doing anyway? we need to go and check through your stuff yeah we ' re meant to be doing this list yeah well we ' ve done the
90. that survive? is this like a sort of wartime thing where you can only use things that that are not perishable so i don ' t know i haven ' t thought it through as a concept you erm it ' s just like wartime cooking so it ' s like nothing wrong with a bit of wartime cooking it ' s like er corned beef er things that things that wash up on the
93. you? and? a close relative of yours he ' s sci - fi he ' s into sci - fi isn ' t he? yeah ignoring the sci - fi though it ' s just a concept i dunno what the concept is really yeah i ' ve never played a game like it i need a card please yeah okay here ' s your other quorum card right now i ' ll was saying
94. relative of yours he ' s sci - fi he ' s into sci - fi isn ' t he? yeah ignoring the sci - fi though it ' s just a concept i dunno what the concept is really yeah i ' ve never played a game like it i need a card please yeah okay here ' s your other quorum card right now i ' ll was saying you ' ve got some nu
95. deal? and your well i don ' t i don ' t really or who wants to be a millionaire? because well i don ' t know i don ' t know er weakest link the concept of weakest link i just know that you you answer questions every time an answer is correct it moves up er in the you know amount of money you can win but if anyone gets a question wrong it
96. ve already got that background it allows you to move up another level yeah yeah yeah yeah for sure yeah yeah erm but there ' s this big thing of how to waste a good deal with the concept of failure yeah and then in society failure is treated as failure yeah you ' re at the bottom of the heap you ' ve failed not as a learning experience that ' s an incremental process yeah
98. like they just get it backwards the fruit ' d end up in mayonnaise and the mm salad would end up in some really strong fruit thing mm very strange it ' s kind of a strange concept that we contributed to another society for four years mm when erm was a part of that society made friends with people of the society mm hung out with our families must think it ' s a bit odd
102. event oh right and he was talking about the concept that he was exploring in his art work and it ' s a thing called cyber provincialism which is kind of the the it ' s exploring the concept that online even though you ' re potentially connected to everyone in the world there ' s a tendency for people to be closed off and create their own close knit communities and yeah i see yeah and and im
105. cos no one likes baseball bats two by fours two by four nails and dressed up all scary poisonous nails and poisonous poisonous have you heard of morph suits? no no it ' s an alien concept like morph from like art attack? you know what a morph suit is how did we get onto that? just got to mention something you put a suit on that like somebody else no no you
106. oh are you? yeah you should a cold compress? yeah you shouldn ' t put anything hot on it any more it ' s er it ' s er really? yeah which is oh interesting concept because if you think of y years ago if you injured yourself you put the deep heat on or you mm pulled something the idea is t loosens the muscles then yeah oh was told not to put deep
114. some bad news the good news is you ' ve got a world record the bad news is er everyone hates you for it well it does raise questions as to what can the state do? because the concept of war crime which i always thinks interesting right so but you ' re killing each other anyway i don ' t you mean the idea that that well the geneva convention sets out which a lot of countries signed
115. t it? yeah but we went to pompeii the weather was really really good it must ' ve been like eighteen degrees blue skies stunning scenery but the e italians don ' t understand the concept of signposting like do they not? we walked around pompeii you would exp like it ' s like you ' d expect there to be a sign saying the bath house the bath
116. sandwich is really weird i ' m like forcing myself to eat it don ' t wanna waste it i don ' t know whether i ' ve legitimately ever had egg in a sandwich i think the concept scares me like egg mayo by itself but with tomatoes? mm and it ' s like warm now there ' s a taste in this that i can ' t identify which given that i made it i should
119. exactly what ' s going on? i know fomo yeah and then yeah no now i ' m just like fear of missing my house but that ' s the thing like i i do understand the concept of fear of missing out because you do like you do have that thing like if erm if like one of your close friends hangs out with somebody else you ' re like ah maybe i ' m missing
125. a really kind of forward step isn ' t it really? why would i go and live in? i don ' t know cos i was last happy in in nineteen ninety - two an interesting concept or because actually erm i dunno perhaps everything that ' s happened to me since nineteen ninety - two has been illegillegitimate and actually is if you go back to you can go is
126. ' ll be doing your gcses and stuff so you won ' t be able to go away for two weeks in easter then you see so this year and the same are you laughing at the concept of doing his gcses? er? er yeah yeah? but you ' ll be why? doing your finals for ib as well so we wouldn ' t be able to have two weeks off next
127. mistress that ' s right they do yeah it ' s absolutely fine you know you can have a mistress and that ' s why a lot of them get themselves in to trouble still but still the french concept is it ' s it ' s okay yeah so we played that quiz for a while and then and then a couple of us said no i can ' t read that one no no no no give me
129. people in in yeah it ' s a bit like um so er bulimia or what do you call it anorexia doesn ' t exist in the third world just can ' t understand the concept no that ' s not to say that isn ' t a real thing though no indeed but it ' s it ' s very mm hmm not nec not on an individual basis but on a society basis a
131. s the house and it ' s mm whatever else that actually mm makes me happy so for me it ' s weird to think of a life that literally revolved around work mm and for them the concept of owning a house is so kind of out of their reach in the mm short - term because house prices there are so ridiculous it ' s not even on their radar yeah so i think to a certain
133. went to the traditional university mm mm very very traditional ideas about how you study literature and it was great it was really good and like yeah you know it i learnt a lot but it there was no concept of like using a computer to support your study of literature right it ' s like books erm yeah and no one rea really was talking about this kind of thing yeah the link between literature and linguistics
134. s like you don ' t understand i had to look amazing the first time i met your girlf your ex - girlfriend it was like why? oh my god yeah boys don ' t understand this concept it ' s like you have to look good in front of the ex you just do yes you do god and then she was like i didn ' t look good but i like everybody asked what i did
135. call it gravy and she ' s no they don ' t in italy but in america it ' s american italians are different species spaghetti with meat sauce lots of them i find it a strange concept with like erm isn ' t gravy something different in america then? and there ' re are like identities well yeah well yeah they have this dis well i don ' t just mean like
138. like have a s kind of a relationship in a way mm with tv people that you watch a lot of mm but it ' s totally one - sided mm it ' s a bit of a strange concept and when you think about it in some detail it ' s understandable to a certain degree why people do crazy shit mm because they ' re having an imbalance relationship very passionately with somebody that they
139. alive while it ' s killed yeah yeah and it was something like they slit their throats while they ' re completely alive and it ' s like well yeah well yes you ' re to understand the concept of life and death here yeah you can like stun them if first but i think the stunning is as stressful as the killing thing isn ' t it? yeah there ' s no evidence to say
141. ##ier except for times when i i ' d go into erm bars which were kind of like beginbeginning to have kind of artists and things like hanging out there the hipthe hipster concept did not exist at that point but it also had quite a lot of erm weird erm er vets who you know not vets that look after animals veterans weird vets sort of pedalling
142. another one they do yeah from a really small size just literally care for each other mm they show them what they ' ve learnt yeah and they pass on the knowledge it ' s such a very strange concept being a child it ' s really weird you know what i mean? really strange you are literally in your own bubble you are and the adults are very much the adults an empty vessel mm you are complete
144. s like fucking stalker creepy but he ' s like i ' ve thought about you every day and he ' s like like dude from eleven years again again you were eleven like do you even understand the concept of what you ' re like thinking here? like okay yeah you were not in love with her at the age of eleven i ' ll carry on looking forward to it yeah again some pretty good outfit changes
145. person was like crap well i know that ' s but you lit i mean you literally had to lift your own baggage up there there was no bloke to help you no no i understand the concept it was erm whoa mum how old were you? i dunno but i was pregnant well then dad should ' ve helped you he should ' ve done but he didn ' t know i was pregnant
146. ##ing for like you know the next sort of chapter in my life is like i plan on moving around a lot and er i don ' t this it ' s is this this feels like a weird concept to me to buy something in yeah yeah but then if i had like somewhere which is like er me and my friends and family would like to go to for the rest of our lives it ' s like
149. mm mm and although yes technology progresses it ' s the same basic concept yes whereas phones are getting more and more you know cha spangly dangly or whatever yeah but they ' re still the same concept of how to work a phone yeah so like with the remote controls and it ' s got mm i ' ve learnt from being very little how to use sky and how to use yeah yeah a this tv
151. written down how to record and how to get it back as well but i was trying to explain it to mm him hhowhow he ' d done it cos he didn ' t understand the concept of it at all mm and i think i mean when he was young there wasn ' t tvs mm that ' s why like i say again i understand tvs and how they wor i mean
153. they had to do like a cookery show and like a chat show and something else and i thought that would be really fun but they didn ' t get it they didn ' t understand the whole concept of it yeah so anyway that was a bit of a disaster hey ho but i had this part time job as a waitress in this restaurant and it ' s owned by parents and he was a chef there
157. that something eats into your time i don ' t think spanish people more spanish that i know would even think about thinks eating into their time they don ' t no they don ' t you know our concept that it can be wasted or used in that way er and some traditional time management programmes and books for businesses here don ' t necessarily work well in polpolychronic cultures no no cos it
158. and say right no i think it ' s in no? no i don ' t think it ' s a a no i don ' t think you need to no it ' s not a difficult concept no two first three together okay er yeah so do first three yeah do first three and then something about the other and then hand over then say right yeah have a look through these other ones and intersper
163. we ' ll get all that done for monday morning er i said well coucould i come in on sunday and they ' re closed at the weekends which for me is a very strange yes concept because er in china everybody works seven days a week you know if you ' re the sort of language schools things and the weekends is the busiest time yes yeah but not here no anyway so monday morning i
164. we ' d normally be talking about right so let ' s d okay two topics of conversation do you want to talk about your trip in the summer? or do you want to talk about the abstract concept of the self and how it changes upon thought? erm neither i ' ll tell you er well but er great thanks for that destroying what are the other options? all of my ideas there when i
165. was like i don ' t get this but then the year after i was like i love it and now i really like it but i think it ' s so different like it is such a different concept than we ' d have like just setting off fireworks in the day and you can ' t see them just for noise but erm i think cos i wa i was i spent like quite a lot
166. old then that ' s again oh wow yeah was a bit of an old timer already yeah he was so it was run by the church? yeah erm diesis of saint albans yeah does this concept still exist? church running homes for people? i don ' t know but i mean this place would have been closed down under health and safety you know the things that you used to have then which were

