Cluster 1
5. does it come in packaging? yeah i don ' t know loom band? yeah probably well you have to have a name sounds like a brand looming it ' s looming so that ' s your hat oh careful not back yet he ' s not back? hadn ' t come back to me yet oh she hasn ' t replied? oh would be perfect here she doesn ' t shut up i know i
14. doesn ' t let me because of something no but did you know you can do it like this if you bend that yeah i know i know sorry oh right sorry the snowman ' s got his hat on and he ' s coming out to play good do you like that song that i did? i well i don ' t think you really made it up but you did change the words what was the
19. shopping list? yeah go on then okay erm ii would like the little ecuadorian wallets oh yeah? how many? dunno two i think okay and erm another traditional doll with the hat oh yeah he could er he ' s got that one at home actually no he hasn ' t i brought it home yesterday oh did you? yeah he pulled the the her shoes off i ' ve got
20. ' s a bit more i will bring the cat back i always keep forgetting permanent so the lamb ' s back upstairs and and ththe er ladies next door i ' m sure would want a panama hat oh yeah? might get one from this time cos when we went to before they had some amazing i really wish i ' d bought one actually they had the most a really nice handmade hat that
21. hat oh yeah? might get one from this time cos when we went to before they had some amazing i really wish i ' d bought one actually they had the most a really nice handmade hat that was er you get the these di i think i think they ' re different grades of oh yeah they are depending on so this so the floppier they are the reeds they use yeah the
22. ' s the one yes yes so and are you going to wear anything on your head? are you? no i i just feel i ' ve got fine hair and as soon as i put a hat on or anything that it just just you know it just flattens it ' s yeah silly flattens it yeah mm mm so i may may just get a little diamante something or other cos
23. for the money so if you ' re just a sort of person off the street mm mm well for me i mean it ' s an evening do so i ' m not going to be wearing a hat or a no you know yeah so it ' s just shoes now? it is just shoes and a nice little clutch bag i think erm oh no and a jacket cos i can ' t you
24. ? well you you just imagine if you came in saying it ' s most no i don ' t er today also when i was on holiday a few years ago i was like walking round in my hat saying like i cannot abide this heat cos i i ' d read loads of like jane austen and that ' s what happens like when i read certain books it rubs off on me like the language
25. i think i he is a little too like i dunno he ' s not as fun as harry oh bless him look at george ' s little face oh my god it ' s look at the hat that ' s so cute with the little socks oh my god it ' s so cute oh oh that ' s so cute they ' re just so cute i love babies i know so do i me and
30. yeah can go any way it ' s your go eight one two three four five six seven eight that ' s your own train station isn ' t it? yeah i ' ve put the doggy hat on so strange one two three four five six seven that was exciting are you sure you don ' t want to sell me sure one of the your cards? yeah cos i ' m gonna give you
36. did did you go on a little duck hunt? how many did you find? come back what ' s the matter? oh is that a baddy cough? daddy he ' s still got my hat on ah ah saw the sheep didn ' t you? and the sheep dog oh okay and can and chicken he can probably just sit that ' s it down on the floor this time there you go mate
37. of disabilities boys to girls is it really? where ' s it gone? mm where ' s it gone? there it is oh it just keeps appearing oh there it is that ' s a nice hat and back nicer than that fox one that ' s been pinched n oh oh dear so wincy spider climbed up the water spout spout down came the rain and washed the spider out came the
38. garden is beautiful yeah you could sit in in the summer sitting on that bench would be amazing yeah the shepherd hut would be be enough come on then let ' s get er oh can we have our hat back please? oh dear oh dear i might have to go for a walk and then have a sleep what a smashing like plan for a day it ' s your every day isn ' t it? has
39. dear oh dear i might have to go for a walk and then have a sleep what a smashing like plan for a day it ' s your every day isn ' t it? has he stretched your hat? has he stretched your hat? it ' s okay he ' s made it from er three to six months to six to nine months so it ' s fine have to buy a new one now who
40. to go for a walk and then have a sleep what a smashing like plan for a day it ' s your every day isn ' t it? has he stretched your hat? has he stretched your hat? it ' s okay he ' s made it from er three to six months to six to nine months so it ' s fine have to buy a new one now who m who made it? did
41. called them business studies in those days? yeah yeah and you ' re right you could pick and choose like a smorgasbord and you know like if you needed yeah to put that legal hat on you go yeah i did law at that ' s right my part of that ' s that ' s right and they go alright give you a job as a paralegal you know? and then
42. else is there? there ' s just some cigars and the christmas jumper oh cigars ah and the christmas jumper oh the jumper so glam erm i guess that ' s like your beer hat oh yeah yeah two cokes one diet two cokes and one diet? that ' s being ' s occasionally gets really creative and and arty oh yeah that ' s cool this is san miguel wo
43. yeah we do yeah don ' t we? we do well that ' s right i mean i got a fleece on you got a fleece on yeah yeah quite often i ' ve got a hat on as well i ' ve got two jumpers oh yeah that ' s it yeah oh and the other day i woke up and the house was so hot i felt like not doing anything at all oh
44. ' s in there oh good for you hooray so yeah i think i hope we remembered any everything yeah the only thing i can ' t locate in my mind is my new black woolly hat but i think that was in the hood of my coat when we left ' s last night mm and i don ' t remember moving it so i think as i stuffed the coat in the it ' s
47. were doing it but someone wasn ' t and i remember taking that probably i guess could have been could have been well i don ' t know whether you did whether you no i think i had my hat on yeah cos i had a hat on my coat yeah mm i cos i had my red one didn ' t i? which i put on now it ' ll come round soon and it looks
51. together she ' s still think so yeah she ' s still got her duck they won ' t lose that duck i only bought it yesterday yeah yeah don ' t drop your duck yeah that cap like hat ' s really cute isn ' t it? yeah we had we had another one with ears but it was erm wasn ' t floppy and it which was shall we go? do you wanna go by
52. it ' s not something i ' ve got sort of it ' s a very specific brand and type of model he ' s probably alright to use whatever until well mm in the country probably wear a hat sorry well baby time tomorrow then yeah what ' s the plan tomorrow? that you boys are gonna play what are you playing? what ' s the big thing you ' ve got? just pandemic
60. wig from time to time? i i do occasionally but the only trouble is it ' s been too hot for starters yeah and it really makes it like as if you ' ve got an wooly hat on yeah and my hairdresser said that if because it you sort of like this because it ' s it ' s hot erm it will rub the hair cos you ' ll be yeah because
61. on your cup and on your hand like you know? it ' s like all cold and wet and mm very much er you want something actually does the car a favour i ' ve got a new hat as well grandma sent me a new woolly type hat you know? i d i don ' t really do hats oh you won ' t know then nan comes round every year to knit one lovely and
62. it ' s like all cold and wet and mm very much er you want something actually does the car a favour i ' ve got a new hat as well grandma sent me a new woolly type hat you know? i d i don ' t really do hats oh you won ' t know then nan comes round every year to knit one lovely and i ' ve got my grandad vest on the one
63. oh i see but erm i assumed it was there you are right erm is that ' s thought that was the case is it then? yeah oh right oh well he ' s wearing a hat that doesn ' t really suit him at all it looks like a deerstalker no oh that ' s a beanie is it? that one is it a beanie? i n it '
64. m a bird a big fat bird shh i think if you just dress up in colourful clothes and find some feathers and get a beak - shaped we ' ll make a sort of beak - shaped hat type thing and some wings i wanna dress up like that i want to go commando well you don ' t really and i would have to keep you at home if you did that okay i ' ll stay
65. the guy ' s head and he ' s just stood there and then she does all this like bendy shit do you reckon you ' d get a headache off that? no he wore the special hat neurofen plus for that pirouette on your it ' s in this part of england the sunniest part? which part? the part near is that where we ' re going? oh yeah
74. hundreds because a lot of secretaries in new york city used to dress in black stockings black erm dress and white top okay and this was and when when they came to work they ' d have a hat with feathers in it ah ha ha okay bird was similar good enough story but okay fine yeah yeah and they they caught snakes so all the locals love them yeah and that ' s the typical scene where i
75. or pepper? wee bit of salt please pet sorry this is lovely yum yum from tesco ' s no i quite like it at tesco what about those hats? would you need a hat like that? no why not? frightened you ' ll get cauliflower ears with that on? no you ' ve got to be in certain positions to get that you have to be in the sc
83. it now came to the house? years later from south africa can ' t remember if your mum might ' ve known but i don ' t know cos she used to walk around here with her hat funny you know these funny hats they wear oh right mm yeah yeah she must ' ve been the odd one out yeah oh no no she did she was carrying stuff on her head like oh right she was
84. know what hajj is go on but yeah you have to shave your head for that yes my head was bald and it feels so cold all the time it ' s freezing you gotta wear a hat no remember did that last year and i wanted to take the piss out of him but he kind of went like this for religious reasons and i ' m like no well he ' s got loads problems oh
85. ' s imagine you know now imagine drunk that ' s i can ' t wait imagine all the bullshit flowing like i know i know he ' s gonna be really bullshit oh my god i like your hat yeah that is the most and sorry kitchen and together oh don ' t okay basically yeah but they ' re better now they used to kill any jokes oh i oh oh don ' t don ' t no
89. that goes on that nice box she will love it favourite thing what is it? that what is it? what is it? you know she wears head warmer head warmers ears a head warmer a hat? oh yeah she does wear ear muffs things on a neck warmer you know she ' s got i saw the scarf she ' s got a scarf that we got for you but she had a scarf
90. ' re pretty don ' t know oh i hope this is nice we haven ' t been yet there ' s another district over there look oh yeah we made it look at look have you got her hat? her hat must be in her bag shall i take her out? er that sun ' s a little strong isn ' t it? look everybody ' s jogging this is nice oh why don ' t
91. don ' t know oh i hope this is nice we haven ' t been yet there ' s another district over there look oh yeah we made it look at look have you got her hat? her hat must be in her bag shall i take her out? er that sun ' s a little strong isn ' t it? look everybody ' s jogging this is nice oh why don ' t we live here
92. we? oh it ' s i think she wants to you look what do you want? what would you like? oh she ' s got her arms out yeah oh we haven ' t got her hat though so erm well there ' ll be a hat in the bag probably we don ' t usually take it out is the sun still out? there was an old lady it ' s cloudy but you
93. you look what do you want? what would you like? oh she ' s got her arms out yeah oh we haven ' t got her hat though so erm well there ' ll be a hat in the bag probably we don ' t usually take it out is the sun still out? there was an old lady it ' s cloudy but you can still who swallowed a fly erm which way shall
94. ' t it? you don ' t realise at the time do you? no a plum pavilion what ' s a plum pavilion? don ' t know loads of plum trees oh we should get her hat oh okay let ' s stop in the shade then er shade up here there ' s shade come up here there ' s shade where is it in the little bag? yeah are we shaded here? a
95. a little bit shaded not not really actually well it should be in this bag let ' s have a look there seem to be some coins or something in this bag it keeps rattling here ' s your hat do you want your sunglasses? what do you reckon does she need sunglasses? no we need to let a little just keep it off her head okay can you help me cl er that ' s alright i
96. he ' s a nightmare telling em they ' re late or telling them er oh yeah he just gets everybody ' s back up the minute he walks onto site how with his high - vis and his hat and that ' s it and his mr md sign or whatever he is now yes and just starts shouting the odds and oh yeah i mean people aren ' t they ' re not interested these people aren '
97. they ' re quite happy and settled and if they never get married they never get married it ' s it ' s fine i think had an arrangement with a friend who ' s going to wear a hat at the wedding for me if they do get married i think sometimes as well they they just they don ' t need to anymore do they? no and i think sometimes maybe is she wants children she might
98. be useful in india instead of necking them on the table you can that ' s a pack of cards i ' ve got some measuring spoons mm that ' s handy which way ' s my hat supposed to go? they ' re alright yeah it ' s confusing these are a bit complicated aren ' t they? there ' s a lot written on these have you got a joke grandma? i can
99. davison oh davidson what did adam say to his girlfriend on december the twenty - fourth? it ' s christmas eve eve i think i ' ve got i think i ' ve got ' s christmas hat no no dad it ' s got like it ' s a bird inside you have the front in the back to what? the bird hasn ' t come out you were never supposed to be arty were
100. holiday sandy claus oh oh a little bit upmarket aren ' t we in these? they ' re all mine it is it ' s not double what ' s on see it ' s a small hat no pull it apart no cos then the whole thing ' s gonna end up pull it apart oh okay oh yeah oh it ' s a half and half is it? takes a genius don ' t
102. ll show you that later let me see if sorry we send this is the girls whatsapp so oh his erm i think it ' s his great nan on ' s side made him this hat but it ' s so small let ' s have a look it makes him look like the mole out of wind in the willows that ' s so funny that ' s so funny it is just like
105. that was a really good one of yeah no yeah i took that very good erm and these are my favourites so that ' s yeah i ' m and then me with a wig on and a hat very good shall i show not a wig on a mask oh yeah and my purple hair er shall i show you something mum? i mean it ' s with the goggles on yeah he was can i
106. ' t it? crackers oh you weren ' t robbed then were you? no oh what is it now? right we haven ' t opened yet there we go love you ' ve got your hat on back to front go on do your presents hat is there a back and is there a front? yes it ' s why? joined oh don ' t know where your seam is dear caught me hands
107. t robbed then were you? no oh what is it now? right we haven ' t opened yet there we go love you ' ve got your hat on back to front go on do your presents hat is there a back and is there a front? yes it ' s why? joined oh don ' t know where your seam is dear caught me hands least it ' s hold on oh no you '
109. said? no what? why does he look such a no what did she say? he looks like a like a thug doesn ' t he? he did he had like a he had li his hat on and cap on and er just looked like a thug did he look like a chav? a bit i wanted to get out and have a word with him and say oi why have you given
110. into the brownies trying to get into the brownies? well i tried that a while and then i realized that i didn ' t do it very well there you are ah yes thank you right hat comes off very unnecessary am i going right? yeah i am right at the end going right then left no no left so um i hear you have brownies are they in the back? brownies so
112. we ' re getting off here it was er here am i turning? i don ' t know i think maybe just er s my n satnav says yes oh okay so hang on to your hat should turn him on a bit really shouldn ' t i? very quite like to yeah sorry s lorry for overtaking you then pulling in i did that once on the a11 getting off at and
113. kind of like massive donut do you remember when had that massive donut in her hair? it was like like it was literally as big as her head wider than her head it was like a hat but hair yeah and we were all like oh my god oh my god ' s hair we were like oh hi hi and i ' m like nice bun and when she had that party and they all like
114. yeah he got married a while ago now but did you know his dad ' s a doctor? no and his mum yeah no not his mum yeah is his is his dad the one who wears the hat who sometimes drives the car? yeah yeah yeah he ' s a doctor and you ' re saying he ' s a doctor? i ' m sure they ' re both doctors no he ' s a doctor
116. really embarrassed every time i see you no you don ' t listen we ' re your cousins we should say like honestly it ' s just like we are like i was just saying like i take my hat off like what you ' ve done i ' m so proud of you we we ' re so proud of you it ' s been six years it ' s like amazing it just makes me thing okay yeah
117. of took photos here and then i started saying it was obviously quite surprised here so i got out the ring and i said my words and erm got down on one knee i even took off my hat what a gentleman which doesn ' t happen no no oh and that was it really but i mean how d how does find it all? is she the same as you? i mean er you er what
118. mm it was scheduled for a february mm and ref had refused to provide additional information that had been requested on noise mm and the day before the dcc meeting he mysteriously pulled a rabbit out of a hat and said here ' s the additional information and if you recall council er at the dcc meeting the following day pronounced himself totally satisfied with the information that had been provided by ecotricity and er que
120. pocket yet though has it? well apparently that ' s just the iphone plus ah yeah so hopefully cos i ' m happy with the old any of the others like fucking bendiness who wears a hat on a plane? seriously? bellends they like right there why i hate these programmes cos i just hate everyone and then when i see them i hate them more i ' ve gotta say i hate
121. i like them i hope they go through they won ' t i prefer them to but i ' d like to think that they go through them and the seven yeah their those and the seven take that hat off you stupid girl i want her hair though which one? i want the blonde ' s the blonde yeah mm my god shut up you stupid hamster don ' t to the hamster that one she
125. ? and cunnis that means cunt in ancient greek i love that cunnilingus comes from cunt i know right you linger on the cunny fucking hell ah cunt unfortunately your hat wearing is still pretty shit and that is why i have elected to send you home oh fuck off it ' s just bullshit you fucking didn ' t oh god louis has just got the most punchable face
127. rice cheers it were proper nice garlic rice ooh oh look ' s here no i ' m not a she ' s with her hair she doesn ' t look like just cos she put a hat on i don ' t know do you believe in life after love? gypsies tramps and thieves we hear it from the people of the town so come on how was it? fine it was
139. erm it ' s my favourite drawing this there was a cake n yummy do you like the cake? i like the cake? did you see it? oh you but actually i like your hat better did you? i ' m sorry pet you said be honest you know? er erm but yes it i mean you ' ve made it a proper cake cake erm with erm u er
140. to do about the snow going to green mm might have to keep liked well dy they just children don ' t mind that actually no i mean you have the but he ' s still wearing his hat you see liked his balloon it was big and orange he didn ' t want to let it go so it ' s going off the page at the moment and it ' s like a double page a gust
144. was at night yeah when they they they were t tu - whiting and tu - whooing or whatever is right erm it ' s weird really because i ' ve kinda thrown the hat thing in there cos i just thought it was funny to see him try on a hat yeah and his mum knitted him one but it ' s got nothing to do with the story it ' s
145. whooing or whatever is right erm it ' s weird really because i ' ve kinda thrown the hat thing in there cos i just thought it was funny to see him try on a hat yeah and his mum knitted him one but it ' s got nothing to do with the story it ' s like cor like central at all it just goes from one to the other which is not
146. the other which is not what stories normally do so i ' m not sure mm i mean the whole thing could just be about he is called and he ' s shy and then have nothing about the hat so just go into the party i think the hat is a very good bit of it yeah personally i think the hat is a really nice bit of it erm that erm it ' s a shame
149. bit of it erm that erm it ' s a shame it ' s got nothing to do with the rest of the story so i couldn ' t think of how to get carry on the hat ' s got some scene rescue the rabbit but i don ' t think so i don ' t know i couldn ' t see how that would work cos he grabs hold of his ears you see that
150. the rabbit but i don ' t think so i don ' t know i couldn ' t see how that would work cos he grabs hold of his ears you see that ' s right so the hat ' s got to be off yes yes i understand yeah erm erm so er erm and you can have another spread where he wakes up he ' s in his bed erm the sun come
151. another spread where he wakes up he ' s in his bed erm the sun come up he mounted all the snow erm yeah that could work and it could say today he ' s found his hat today no erm cos he woke up the snow was gone you say today was ' s birthday he was four he invited other children to his party and so on that would work yeah i think you
158. small it was too small tried the red hat but it was too small as well the red hat but it was too small as well poor poor never mind said his mother oh i will knit you a hat instead yes that ' s that ' s fine erm erm mm yeah where ' s he going? he ' s gonna have his hot chocolate drink before he goes to bed right right right erm
159. ggo to this one it ' s this one i think i ' ve got trouble with yeah because erm yes you haven ' t gone from you could er erm you ' ve taken his hat off you see in that one so erm yeah you could say you could hea you you could say right? yeah turn it to the one that i said not to do right? at night could
160. ##m but and i don ' t know hhow to to do do these sort of erm erm shall we say even when the snow melted erm yeah during the day liked to where his hat yeah erm so the sun came up melted all the snow but still loved his hat yes it ' s something of that and wore it to the party something like yeah something erm but then erm
165. erm erm and i don ' t quite know how to do it but i think it ' s it ' s in that page you do the transformation about but but talk about him keeping his hat on yeah yeah erm yeah and listening erm yeah see all aall all the rest of them kind of the storyline is going forward yeah that page the storyline kind of stays still yeah and doesn '
166. was was he in the samba band? he was he was an older fellow right yes did he have a big big drum? no erm that wasn ' t you ' re thinking with the rainbow hat? the one you liked that er that ' s actually he ' s one of the he ' s one of the top statisticians oh right in my course no yeah he ' s another older fellow
167. up to lecture six mm in terms of typing and and i ' m on we ' re on week seven mm so i ' ll be able to do that tonight and then yes yeah i like your hat i k i know i keep saying but it ' s a nice hat it ' s really cold i wanted to keep it on but i never wore it out er are you reading? yeah what? just
170. ' t quite hook through but i have another idea oh yeah? so we ' ll get to that okay yeah anyway costume costume yeah so it it ' s looking fab thank you what about the hat? you have you finished with the hat? oh nearly i ' ve just gotta stick the things with the buttons on in place oh have you stuck on the buttons? have you used er yeah this glue
171. another idea oh yeah? so we ' ll get to that okay yeah anyway costume costume yeah so it it ' s looking fab thank you what about the hat? you have you finished with the hat? oh nearly i ' ve just gotta stick the things with the buttons on in place oh have you stuck on the buttons? have you used er yeah this glue gun? no i ' ve just used
172. much difference really should it? no it ' s only a a little ring yeah above as it were i ' ll sort it out at a later date okay i ' ll probably sort my erm hat now oh that ' ll be good mm you ' ve u you ' ve used all your chess pieces there have you? have you not got any spare? oh i ' ve got loads spare oh are
178. gesture? or a witch ' s hat well what? come on then er the rods that come out oh hahatpins oh hatpins thank you that ' s just as simple as thinking of top hat and totally don ' t go giving yourself airs and graces mummy well it ' s not every day i wear a hatpin but there again it could be said it ' s not every day i wear
182. we talking? gaffer or sellotape oh well that ' s easy easily come off won ' t it? oh but then it ' s then it ' s complicated hey it ' s your hat do what you like that ' s quite good isn ' t it with the feather? yeah it looks good oh my god that looks awful put your pinny on my pinafore yeah yeah also i
183. my yeah could you hold that a second please? patterned ones these ones? yeah they would be fine could y take that? yeah certainly madam i know you ' re er you ' re a pro hat handler after your time at the stables yeah they were putting oh gosh yeah i used to have to do four hats a night didn ' t i? four hats a night sounds like some weird single by
184. yeah i ' ve got like double pockets yeah you have indeed i think it looks really good i ' m really proud oh yeah you certainly should be it ' s terrific to think that you made that hat from scratch as well i know that is super - dupa i ' m in love with this feather yeah it ' s so massive that ' s yeah and it ' s kind of like if i take
185. take it off and it ' s all but if i put it on then yeah my costume is amazing yeah yeah sure is are ge wawalk around a bit are you gonna be able to retain that hat? that ' s the only thing i ' m worried about just about i mean i ' m probably not gonna keep it on most of the time but i can always sort of if i do that will
186. them? i told you i was just entirely irritated well i think i can ' t believe it she hadn ' t even got an invite i just can ' t believe it i think i take my hat off to her really i was sitting in i was sitting in the car park i didn ' t see it that way at all i was sitting in the car park waiting for her to come so we could
187. remember that that mother and baby magazine and we got those erm mothercare vouchers yeah they put her in see what a lovely baby you were i think it was in that dress and a hat oh yeah i remember yeah in that picture why is there nothing on sale here? all they had like a big sale well you wanted the blankets do you want anything else? no no the blankets then the
189. what a picture oh what a picture look at you singing a little bit of mary poppins it was mary poppins never thought i ' d see the day look happy look happy hey buddy this your hat? little fox that ' s cute innit? it ' s cool isn ' t it? do you like this? ah i like this friend a lot no tantrums now oh no everyone just
190. s cute innit? it ' s cool isn ' t it? do you like this? ah i like this friend a lot no tantrums now oh no everyone just keeps trying on your hat don ' t they? has everyone else tried it on as well? yeah it ' s a compliment and this is cute as well oh no no is that not not like the typical son jacket no come
191. s not a mug i ' d be pretty impressed i didn ' t see the i didn ' t see the weird bit i just saw the like it ' s not a mug it ' s a hat whoo thank you i need i need another mug cos like one oh as you ' re up can you pass me my bag? yeah mine was new i got it from tescos and i
192. mum made these? er think so i don ' t know you can ask her she made the mm? would you like cake? yes please i suppose you have to does a bear wear a funny hat? it ' s not that you ' re wearing the wrong way round i know but cos then you say just approach it in the woods where ' s your plate you had? i don ' t
193. re an officer or not they ' re all navy then this bit on the side says which ship that you belong to and like a beret navy beret that ' s better than that stupid sailor hat yeah mm pr probably don ' t have to wear that all the time do you? er the no that ' s just on your on ship outfit do you have to wear the beret? no not
194. pr probably don ' t have to wear that all the time do you? er the no that ' s just on your on ship outfit do you have to wear the beret? no not the hat mm just the rest of it yeah but it looks quite like an industrial - type jumpsuit which i ' m quite happy with that ' s hot with a nice waist belt going on so yeah can you
195. buy a van fucking too old one that does annoy me gate three keep going gate three what gate did we say gate four? four wait for it wait for it what ' s that erm hat he ' s wearing? is that military? gate nine is he mutton jeff or what? mutton jeff what other cockney rhyming slang do we say? this ain ' t gate four
199. i succeeded once er but erm that was just my you know trial er and then i anyway i ' m just testing you know there with the lasagne recipe anyway oh oh here ' s my hat oh wow i know i and i went to see and then so last night anyway i had a free time like i normally do er but i was er exhausted like i always am you know went to see
200. er what else did i bring? just just a dress that i knew she liked and you know i don ' t know i some smaller things like that you know maybe a little or yeah a little hat cap that she used to really like wearing mm and er interestingly enough he said have the take back the college scarf but we ' ll keep the hat i was laughing i could have seen i was trying
201. you know maybe a little or yeah a little hat cap that she used to really like wearing mm and er interestingly enough he said have the take back the college scarf but we ' ll keep the hat i was laughing i could have seen i was trying to understand his logic but yeah if he ' s took that why didn ' t he take the scarf? right i know and i and i just and
205. it ' s nineteen outside n n n nineteen it ' s probably warmer outside than it is in here and he doesn ' t need the bathing suit i ' m sure we ' ll just put his hat on just give me his hat and his baby suit and i wanna i ' ll commandeer you to take the seating mat seating mat let ' s have look you want to take a suit picnic mat yeah
209. a constant gale blowing across the way wasn ' t there? always i mean i was i was in like eh like three or four layers and then like a great big coat over the top woolly hat and a scarf around like this and i was still cold when i was out in the wind wasn ' t i? and we ' ve got photos what i don ' t think i ' ve coped
211. wants me to go paragliding wow we could live together can you imagine? mm yeah but s how much trouble we ' d get into how many hats could we try on? every every silly hat in town oh my goodness but you don ' t need to live somewhere you just need to have somewhere to sleep between the shop opening hours this is true oh yeah no ' s worth way more dead mm
216. of like get all mixed up or? i don ' t i don ' t really remember i think so but yeah neither of us were memorising it like every day and then he took his hat off and got down on one knee which was good and did you kind of like what are you doing? yeah i just kept saying stop it what are you doing? stop it yeah so it was really
217. part he ' s a nice boy isn ' t he? yes oh wow erm that would be fanta i know erm ' s boy has just got his degree just seen him with his hat and everything oh wonderful erm but he did one as well i think it was something like business and american studies or english and american studies ggir er did you meet ' s earlier girlfriend? no
218. like all this like it was all this like french boys and like it ' s so weird like sort of like nike joggers and like nike stuff with like a burberry like little fisher hat you know like little bum fluff yeah oh my god it was like beautiful girls lol my dissertation supervisor was like you should look into post - internet yeah you know like tbt you should look it
244. put a banana in your hand and go bom - bom and then bana and the then the thing gets it in his trunk did i send you the video of when he yes picked the hat up and put it on my head? oh oh no no one of you no feeding him oh oh so yeah we saw that one yeah and then another one was where they put the hat on the floor
246. you no feeding him oh oh so yeah we saw that one yeah and then another one was where they put the hat on the floor and the elephant picked it up with his trunk and pops y the hat on your head ah uhu it was really cute so where ' s your next trip gonna be then? has wanted to do thailand he was gonna do that on the end of his big trip a couple
247. t got no shit about that no? no it ' s if i get smelly feet mate did you take this with you when you went to morocco? no but i did i got a moroccan hat there as well like a winter one oh cool and i ' ve got a a jilbab a jilbab jilbab what ' s a jilbab? you know what like the bed
248. things are well expensive out there yeah i ' ll bet especially for tourists mm bloody hell that looks like your it ' ll engulf you ah right be a good halloween costume and when i put the hat on i look like one of those old people who should have a lamp yeah come with me through the archives yeah you look like a jedi mate yeah look at this you look like a jedi mate i think
249. you look like a jedi mate i think well what how they wear it with the hood is like that what like the ku klux klan or something know what i mean? yeah and like with the hat it ' s cool put this hat on mate you look like you ' re going to bed then like you need like a little oil lamp i know what you mean like come with me very cool this is
256. is is tall isn ' t he? mm he ' s going to be very tall he is he is but yeah is it raining? it is i walked i can drop you no i bought my hat oh in case it rained because i thought it was too windy for an umbrella well they did forecast potentially five centimetres of rain today didn ' t they? did they? in some areas i think oh go
257. was probably for you is it st is it still raining? no it ' s stopped now oh has it? oh good yes just a little i think oh okay yeah it ' s my scarf and hat cos it was i walked up oh right that was brave yeah i ' ve offered to take her home but she said no no use my legs bit blowy out there isn ' t it? yeah
260. re bound to erm get through this assessment in a couple of days ' time which she thought she wouldn ' t do and he says if you don ' t do that i ' ll eat my hat ah oh so yeah it ' s given her a real confidence boost oh it ' s wet on here oh he dribbled loads oh did he? i didn ' t see that there you go mo
273. so awful bullying is like the worst bullying is the worst i quite like this i quite like this i quite like this tagline hooray finally i made it work mm made what work? the hat? the leather jacket the who was the boy that you fancied at school? who was the boy i fancied at school?? no i didn ' t fancy i fancied this
274. it some depth and i looked up some super mario three em pixel art and so i got the side and the front and sort of merged them together gave him a pointy beard and a pointy hat and and gave him a torch and the tabula em ansata or whatever it ' s called the declaration of independence thing that the statue of liberty holds how long did it take to actually make em
275. what are you making? well i was thinking about making a little hat um yeah the problem with me is that such as that one? yeah it looks very stripy and complicated i don ' t really like the pointy bit on the end of that though i think it
278. ' ve done booties and a jumper um yeah so you ' ve done a you ' ve done a hoodie? yeah and booties you ' ve done boots and you ' ve got a hat but there ' s loads of really lovely patterns like hang on where ' s that one? then you need some trousers there ' s a real there ' s a really nice like like there ' s not
280. d have to buy some but yeah you ' d hire cos you no no gotta be tailor - made i refuse to buy one hire one what is is white tie tails? yes tails and top hat huh that ' s so cool you need er um and i would need floor - length gown and gloves and elbow or hire oh yeah length gloves huh which i don ' t think is necessarily a good look
284. the game draw me? yeah i was playing draw me the other day and i got mc hammer and it was for it was for emma and so i draw i drew like this guy with like a hat on and then like these massive trousers and like coloured them in all jazzy colours and wrote can ' t touch this so that was mc hammer pants i really know that well no you can ' t write
285. the nosepiece uh that wasn ' t vikings was it? no wait i drew the helmet like that and then and then the nosepiece like that i thought i looked more that just looks like any hat doesn ' t it? and then i drew two eyes and then i any hat with a nosepiece? no but if i just drew a hat like that it could be like a bobble hat i
290. s just it ' s just my room then when i go out i ' m like oh it ' s pretty warm in here you should you should just hang a coat and gloves and everything and a hat outside and put it on before you open the door and then go in you always get angry at me for wearing my black hoody i don ' t get ang i don ' t er i think angry
291. they did all these like yoga poses it ' s quite funny e so these are the two sisters but you can ' t tell them from here i love this i don ' t we were wearing her hat and everything it ' s hilarious oh that ' s so and that ' s a very beautiful picture actually yes imagine you know this in o yoga website but this is the crazy kind of place it is you
294. i wear it to? fancy dress party em then we went in as robin hood really foxy robin hood so she wear this really sort of slinky green dress and she made a little felt hat and she had like a little toy bow and arrow and she ' s gonna wear the green dress and just like assemble the paper plates on her front and back yeah so she looks like a turtle then obviously
295. ##e what ' s cte? you know eh the french bistro thing? there ' s one in cambridge cte? no i don ' t know yeah c o t e with a little hat on the e mm mm like the eh french word yeah no oh actually is it the one off str on street? yeah yeah yeah oh okay yeah no i ' ve never been in looks nice though
296. dear i would love to see someone teaching in a balaclava that would be hilarious that would be funny wouldn ' t it? the entire congregation just under one massive blanket did you see ' s hat? that wouldn ' t be allowed like? yeah he ' s got this like silly hat with sort of well basically the sort of thing would wear i made wear a silly hat yesterday cos he was
302. know a fraction of the price than at home yeah and they ' ve been fine so i got her that i got a er i got some gloves i got her a little shawl thing got a hat erm got her a wireless mouse cos she didn ' t she and a mouse mat i gotta get a computer case but they ' re a bloody hard to find yeah just a cheap shitty one just
303. i went round last she had pants on her head and she had pants on her head? pants on her she she was painting so she had pants on her head right and she had painting clothes a hat on her bottom? no she was just in like dirty clothes painting everything okay by herself mm that was a few weeks ago oh what am i to do i ' m going to have this room painted after
307. you can make better progress i guess is the idea yes except not getting out too far close to that junction taking the speed off now again not the smoothest road no ah aw he had his little hat on mm made of the hair of the people he ' s recently murdered he didn ' t seem particularly er hm? he wasn ' t being completely communicative i think mm isn ' t it quite
309. face like a spud and my friend is still an artist and a musician and a recording musician who did don ' t leave me this way with the him her with the braces and the big hat and the big hair? i ' ve seen them and she was bouncing around on one leg she ' d got a l broken leg when they were doing it so she was dancing on one leg oh was
311. overalls my mask my goggles you can put all that over them well what can you put on? i ' ve got my old gear and well i will have you haven ' t got a hat or a mask i ' ll find a hat and a mask yeah yeah well and then we then we can get them down the best thing would be just to slide them out across the rafters and let
313. looks a bit funny in that hat doesn ' t he? but it was a lovely day out and they they have two fine boys oh look at that and was that your third birthday? was it his third birthday i think that was his
314. know these people who ' s this? do you know? i think that ' s right and who ' s that? me is that you? yeah so it is you ' ve got that baseball hat on mm you ' re baseball? well mm don ' t you call those caps baseball caps? snapbacks or you do you just yeah just call them caps nowadays or baseball caps well i call them baseball
317. ll put my shoes on i ' m going to put the heater on pardon? i ' m going to put the heater on i ' m not worried about heat i ' ve got my hat as long as i ' ve got my yeah well some of us you know us londoners se sensitive to low temperatures which is what oh wow does it work? yeah yeah yeah so yeah it was there
324. talking about? we weren ' t actually people who are transcribing that right from mm isn ' t much bigger than isn ' t any bigger in fact doesn ' t have the same cool hat mm right um mm yes i ' m gonna um stick some tv on for a bit is there any um requests? dan? um requests for tv? um um i mean for example not not magnum pi
326. of the toilet then then i came out i went to the toilet i came out and i had a hat and scarf on and put a scarf over his face so it looked like that hair put the hat on top like and sat there going way hey man i ' m a fucking making these high pitched north east noises oh it was really funny it was the sophisticated highlight of the evening yes well she ' s
329. ? only a little bit they ' ll be alright with erm they ' ll be alright with a different ttop underneath oh my goodness come here labyrinth baby oh and you ' ve got a little hat on you really look like a labyrinth baby i wanted a photo oh i might dress her up in erm the you know the dress that erm? tut oh i ' ve forgotten her name oh
331. re er we loved those yogurts i don ' t really like the plain ones get rid of them then i think they ' re out of date now anyway er d you need to straighten her hat a little bit why? she looks nice wonky no at the front it ' s the the oh oh yeah here you go oh this is this hat ' s quite small we need a new hat for
337. blended into the hide and seek with the post office mm cos most people don ' t that ' s part of the fun you have to find the post office find it first with a a big hat on yeah it ' s funny cos i we do do you remember? the korean girl at your your yes er which ones were they? well yeah there ' s probably quite a few korean many s
338. a policeman with a haircut if you ' re pregnant oh i might ' ve asked a policeman about this the other day oh really? i must ' ve told you yeah can i piss in your hat? i told this yeah and he says no and the policeman came to the came to they do cos you know oh yeah yeah yeah and they bring like a bunny rabbit and teach you not to run
340. a textbook at school and it would have stereotypes of different cultures and it would have an american girl and she ' d have like there was a cowgirl cowgirls with guns mm and like a hat and then a dutch the british gentleman british gentleman they had a dutch woman mm yeah with no milk pales on her they had the african they had the africans yeah just as tarzan with the and they '
341. but just juicier and that stuff we got a market was pretty nice market? bloody hell market? market? market? market? they they we did you wear you could did you wear my hat to go on market so no one recognised you? or mask? we were in there weren ' t we? has anyone seen where the loo is? there ' s one i think there ' s
343. i dropped the book what is it? the punch line from childhood what? it ' s true i know it ' s nice enjoy the book the bit one was the best one was that take that hat off before you make fun of me don ' t don ' t be afraid to get your hands dirty baki when you bake it ' s true it was the it was a useful tool how can
344. you know completely versatile aren ' t they whereas if you get a mock croc one then you ' re gonna have to for the wedding for the wedding for the wedding can i get one of those hat things with the net that comes over? the fascinator yeah yes yeah yeah i want one of those a black one black shoes black bag black fascinator well that ' s what i was can
345. have one? that ' s what i was gonna go for because yes um tut my dresses er whichever one i wear will need black accessories yes okay so oh i ' ve thought of the big hat with the floppy rim er yeah well that ' d be quite good for the wedding because p probably it ' s gonna rain huh flopper the flopper cos the ones that we saw in h and
348. shh that ' s quite do you know what the word shrill means? shh can you stop please? bu bu bu bu bu bu bu bu bu bu bu ah you moved again now his hat ' s wonky yeah cool hat it ' s like a hipster snowman yeah i am a hipster snowman i can move my body shift my body shift my body b shift my body shift
350. that snowman ' s melting it ' s hot outside that ' s why yeah and these snowmen i ' m not doing that yet erm yeah i ' ll you could do the wonky hat won ' t you come on the sharks are not gonna bite me cos i ' m gonna protect you see wrong way round oh sorry does it matter? hey baby brown eyes oh fine it doesn '
351. and i say hey there pretty brown eyes what you doing later tonight you you ' re not getting your nails on my erm come on alright okay hey this snowman has got no nose and no hat i know i know i ' m gonna do it she loves to party oh oh what have you done? it ' s winking yeah it ' s winking don ' t fix that i like it
353. can see the one going round there and i wondered if you can ' t no said you can ' t do it cos i said it would be a good idea for me to have a my hat that be a good idea slots on the outside innit? you don ' t go all the way through no i cos you got that i said turn on the inside don ' t you? don
354. and this one thank you is that it? have you got a new one mum? any more bits of crackers down there? no? yeah there you go do you want does anybody want the hat? no no there ' s another another one for you two here i don ' t think it ' s my bag no anyone realised anything? do you want that? no oh ' s hat ' s
355. the hat? no no there ' s another another one for you two here i don ' t think it ' s my bag no anyone realised anything? do you want that? no oh ' s hat ' s on the floor oh no thank you oh probably did you want any? do you have any? no right you can ask nicely not nicely alright thought you ' d ask him that sorry no i
361. an artificial one i think but it will drop its needles if it ' s a proper one and it looks like an artificial one all decorated and and there ' s little wandering around with a father christmas hat on well it spoils his christmas he wants to you wanna wait the anticipation the excitement yeah yeah that ' s right yeah not that ' s right but i never understood you because you never put your christmas
370. why not? you ' re only getting a bit of bread and some we can sit jam jars she ' ll be even more pleased will she? yeah well that was the plan that ' s your hat isn ' t it? mm that ' s your hat she makes me keep the jam jars in the er in in the garage now oh that ' s good yeah i ' m thinking of moving to the
375. it was tucked hello hello look and it ' s de it ' s just me see how it just plonk plonk doesn ' t matter which way you do it that was no other hat suits me this is the one isn ' t it? yeah yeah it ' s just like an upturned sauce pan here we are well that ' s very kind but i didn ' t come for
376. where ' s your where ' s your mug mine must be still in the other room i ' ll get it cup of tea or coffee? erm coffee please yeah well i ' m glad my hat ' s come back to me self - homing isn ' t it? oh that ' s where i ought to put my tag skandi oh yeah hang it from here yeah you could the gillet
377. you did it see? yes that wasn ' t so bad? it was bad it was horrible we ' re going to be positive emails are so traumatic i feel like look at you in your little hat peeling my skin off for like for how embarrassed i am embarrassed? yeah why? i don ' t even know why are you embarrassed? i don ' t even know it ' s not you ' ve
384. seriously? well yeah cos his head burns quite easily he ' s got a rather snazzy flat cap yeah so does my dad ' s but that ' s why he wears a tilly hat yes indeed my dad doesn ' t have one of those i will suggest it as a fashion option oh i don ' t think he ' d like it i used to want one remember my dad ' s
385. then she does let you know mm let me know okay so we were getting phrases so they were quite good to to follow and what was nurse? something like that i don ' t know do the hat cos she said she felt like a nurse when er walked in with her leg in yes she did i see so yeah i did her understand her more but she signs a lot differently her hands seem to
392. and he was like oh yeah i could he says of yeah i can shut see it now pass out day no one ' s on the stiff and you ' ve got a bikini on to match your hat i was like yeah if you see a blue one while you ' re out yeah i can just see that you maniac like the photograph you have for your graduation except that i ' m bikinied can
397. at work knows and doesn ' t know and like erm our friend at work he ' s like er do you like? everyone ' s very do you like? have you got your like your hat riding hat? it ' s nice that she ' s given complete control ov over to you mm like ' s already told me oh like what what were we talking about? when she was like i
398. knows and doesn ' t know and like erm our friend at work he ' s like er do you like? everyone ' s very do you like? have you got your like your hat riding hat? it ' s nice that she ' s given complete control ov over to you mm like ' s already told me oh like what what were we talking about? when she was like i was like
410. look it up on the internet to see what kind of so rank oh right i see and then erm you ' ve figured it out right and it ' s a very high ranking officer ' s hat that is so weird here well then it looks like it ' s never been worn oh but god you actually took it with you? yeah you ' re right it doesn ' t even have a smell to
411. exactly that ' s what i was thinking they must have done him off somewhere and scattered him around the island i mean you could he didn ' t wear didn ' t get a chance to wear his hat but we found these yeah bullets with the feet in it well what a good starting point for a story isn ' t it? you know a general ' s hat you ' ve gotta wonder but how '
416. were not meant to be looking like they were they were meant to be being they were being used as passably human servant things hello eldritch abomination oh but you ' re wearing a hat so that ' s okay are you okay? mm fine no i don ' t really buy that sorry i didn ' t really question it but obviously i should have done well obviously you shouldn ' t have
417. of blend into one has there been more than one time time where you have dolphins saving the universe er no but then there was also the video about erm the mass murdering llama that wears a hat oh very everyone ' s heard of that though well i hadn ' t the erm the stephen carl one oh yes it was called carl i think the other one was called steve fair enough i i wasn
418. a wasp joke? she like pretended there was a wasp? there was a actual wasp right and it was quite close to me she had caught it and she was kind of wresting with her hat right and she didn ' t caught it didn ' t catch it so i thought well i ' ll really want to get her back don ' t put this in and afterwards what so you were pretending there
419. what so you were pretending there was a wasp? yeah okay there well there was an actual wasp in the room pretending i actually got it right and she after that even though she knew she got her hat she pressed it against my face and she led me to the pen pencils and i couldn ' t see a thing and and she told me that she was gonna lilift turn me around at the
429. m going to give her sell that yeah but elsewhere do you want another pack of hankies? no i ' m alright it ' s alright throw my hat yes i ' ve got some for the hat have another one getting quite noisy in here now isn ' t it let ' s go for a walk shall we have a wander i think the thing is it was noisy when we were doing stuff and now
430. it ' s pretty tiring i went on w i ' ve only ever done horse - riding twice and one time was the second time was terrible i had to wear a crash helmet like a hard hat it was a but we didn ' t really go anywhere we just kind ' ve went in a line admittedly it was in the and there were like blue hyacinth macaw parrots flying
431. don ' t think i said well i think there ' s a lot of stereotypical er out there about the americans i said same as people tend to think all the businessmen in london wear a bowler hat well they don ' t you know and and i was giving examples like that and the sort of saying you know i said yeah we ' re not all mary poppins no exactly exactly and i i sort
433. dinner and we we had it in there and they come in and of course they had to eat another dinner well that ' s not going to be that enjoyable mm but all the time he had his hat on back to front sitting at the dining table well er you know everywhere he went he had his this stupid what do they call them? the parents were quite nice weren ' t they really ba baseball hats
434. front yeah at the d at the table well that ' s not what you do is it? i was never brought up no like that i mean if you walked in someone ' s house with your hat hat on you took it off immediately just do automatically take it off yeah mm yeah we didn ' t see him very often without his hat no we didn ' t know what colour hair he had no it
438. of my trousers up with baler twine doesn ' t take much really does it? to yeah yeah and have a ssort of a smock on didn ' t we? and a funny hat yeah yeah they were good but that got too big and they couldn ' t control it and then yeah of course you got insurance and everything to come up with and now health and safety and all that business
443. can listen to i don ' t listen to any you don ' t? mm do you go to these islamic talks? sometimes you should go to them more often you ' d end up wearing a hat and them long cloaks what cloaks? yeah i ' ve seen a lot of muslims wear that especially if you ' ve got a beard like that guy we saw which guy? the one that just
446. to be green because we ' ve got three days to sort this out but yes you ' re right it could be erm green your brownie leggings i also need to find a little hat but again we don ' t have any of that any more we used to mm i will have a look upstairs to see if we ' ve got any in the w dressing up robin hood doesn ' t
447. ' t have any of that any more we used to mm i will have a look upstairs to see if we ' ve got any in the w dressing up robin hood doesn ' t always have a hat though yeah but that one does oh don ' t be so difficult just draw moustache then they ' ll know no well no no who has a moustache in robin hood? obviously the sheriff
448. about something that happened and you ' re like ah i don ' t think i would have sold it but where it ' s gonna be upstairs i ' ve no idea what about a tricorn hat? one of my hats? yeah that would be good oh a tricorn what is a tricorn? what ' s a tricorn? what about is there anything a unicorn hat?
449. hat? one of my hats? yeah that would be good oh a tricorn what is a tricorn? what ' s a tricorn? what about is there anything a unicorn hat? ah well okay think about what tri and uni means? how many s unicorn how many horns does a unicorn have? one okay how many points does a triangle have? three yes so what do
457. still? er yeah i ' ve got this show jacket i ' d want a different shirt and different jodhs but how old was you there? er probably sixteen yeah i ' m wearing this hat so er see er i ' d want to be in the team just to wear wear what they wear i do not even gonna comment on that ames i do i like what they wear well just that i
462. oh why? you said that was the rat no i said ratatat is the rabbit in rhythm time oh that what just like that? yeah oh but he ' s got rhythm time on his hat so he ' s about twenty pound more expensive oh i see oh what you can buy him? yeah rhythm time is a franchised business isn ' t it? yeah also baby signing is a er a
463. an email and said oh i ' ll meet you he says i ' ll meet you at the airport so i said will you be wearing a white carnation in your white lapel a trilby hat reading a copy of the racing post? bit awkward isn ' t it? sit down next to him hello red squirrel i ' m the little fella with two red suitcases have you had to do
465. ' s so funny she likes to go down to the rugby club to wind everybody up so like they ' ll all be like cheering on england she ' ll just sit there in her like wales wales hat really? yeah does she go with still? yeah there ' s a couple of them she hangs out with ' s mum as well and ' s mum do you remember? erm so they tend to
466. boob tops for the summer yeah shirts and then finally i i said mum can you pay half please? because i didn ' t realise it had got that far and i had to let go a hat because it was fifteen pounds oh baby love it was beautiful it ' s okay next time next and then yeah i i i only have like a hundred and forty pounds left in like in my c account until
467. ' re probably gonna whinge as usual but that ' s alright god your child oh no what a turn up for the books your pardon oh my god it ' s silver this is high quality hat oh my god it ' s two colours oh my god does this mean i win? yeah pretty much yeah well you got the biggest bit didn ' t you? so oh yeah one two three snap it
468. joke? i thought they were bookmarks bookmark probably is a it probably is a bookmark yeah in fact yeah it certainly is do you know what? there you go er that ' s the hat your dad and i cut right back on the amount of stuff that we bought for dinner and there ' s still too much mm hello hello what kind of motorbike does santa ride? dunno a
469. ' ve got yellow too i ' ve got blue i haven ' t got a i ' ve got orange er ah you there ' s another one in there er where ' s the one from the hat one pulled? has it has it now you ' ve got a cracker though mum oh i ' ve got a cracker er yes er did you not get a hat? oops surprise oh i
472. small metal card credit card chequebook er metal money coins coins? it ' s the referee blows it at the end of a game whistle it ' s a and time very good what was the hat? the thing on your head? oh what was the long thin thing between axel one two three four five oh axel axel destroy them dad don ' t but it ' s not in the theory test then
473. think it ' s red socks or or orange socks i ' d go to sports direct for that get a pair of footballs socks or something mm mm mm yeah and erm and just u party hat cones for the madonna boobies yeah so and i ' ve got some black lace gloves upstairs hello darling did you want something? she likes you she always goes on your lap your cats your cats love me
475. forgot the word burgundy it ' s wrong that really bloody worries me come on then cuddles sink that darling i don ' t want to force it down oh have you ever thought of wearing a hat like that? no i would have tried it i ' m going to the loo shall i wait here or shall i go
476. things but i don ' t feel like stopping and it ' s getting cold though it ' s cold it ' s colder than it was i ' m now glad i ' m wearing a woolly hat yeah cos having previously gone gone through a period of thinking maybe i didn ' t need one and now now i do yeah very glad i have yep it ' s better than landing in oxford street and
478. smoking in the house god yeah yeah that ' s wise yeah you ' ve got your at all gonna help the situation yeah it ' s definitely gonna help the situation right your coat is here scarf gloves hat all so lovely and toasty and warm alright hey how are you? fine thank you and you? i think play in the snow it ' s pretty warm though hey i have to say i i wear
479. ' s pretty warm though hey i have to say i i wear it at school and this one girl in my class who always says um sh sh she always goes oh you ' re wearing your eyebrow hat it looks like you ' ve got a big eyebrow big eyebrow thanks very much are they are they i ' m with you okay you do you ' ll die straight the heating on oh well fingers crossed that
480. for having me you ' re very welcome darling take care bye bye oh children ' s snowballs bit concerned about the snowballs yeah i ' m a bit concerned that i don ' t have a hat oh i found my black hat i ' ve got earmuffs though there ' s earmuffs here you go have that earmuffs? um i need stop that now stop uh

Cluster 2
8. a lot mm had to take a picture of the albert hall ' s got a really funny picture of both of us in front of it and then we positioned me so that i have this as a hat i was like take a picture of my hat these are what the hell ' s that? this is in the history museum what is it? they ' re birds right there were lots of stuffed birds i
9. the albert hall ' s got a really funny picture of both of us in front of it and then we positioned me so that i have this as a hat i was like take a picture of my hat these are what the hell ' s that? this is in the history museum what is it? they ' re birds right there were lots of stuffed birds i got a bit carried away and i didn '
10. can you yeah can you sit down a minute ah the chocolate ' s going all over my nails you don ' t need to throw yogurt down yourself ow the snowman ' s got his hat on and he ' s coming out to play the snowman ' s got his hat on so hip hip hip hurray right this is please sit down do you want a spoon? yeah the snow
13. hip hip hip hurray right this is please sit down do you want a spoon? yeah the snowman ' s got his hat on coming out to play the snowman ' s got his hat on so hip hip hurray can i try a little bit? yummy oh it is nice why doesn ' t mummy like you having it? because it ' s sweet i think mm what '
26. i don ' t know if it ' s the bishop or the pope or i don ' t know cos i don ' t know what they look like but he ' d got the big gold hat on was he rea was he a real bishop? yeah yeah yeah oh it ' s a bit weird that a bishop would agree to that yeah fine maybe some special type of bishop and with nikki mina
27. twenty - six right whose go is it? whose go is it? ' s right er is it mine? no it ' s you ' ve just paid me why does the dog have a top hat? no you rolled and when on go no and then rolled and landed on mine and he ' s now paying me why do you think he ' s giving me money on my go? good grief right
28. financially cos that ' s what i would do that means you ' re just visiting it doesn ' t matter right oh i ' ve got a double one two three four the dog with the top hat the dog with the top hat a dog with a top that looks lovely get your money off the board er we but it ' s also another double isn ' t it? yeah so i don ' t
29. what i would do that means you ' re just visiting it doesn ' t matter right oh i ' ve got a double one two three four the dog with the top hat the dog with the top hat a dog with a top that looks lovely get your money off the board er we but it ' s also another double isn ' t it? yeah so i don ' t want is it three doubles you
32. d like and then the turkish were gonna invade romania so they some of the ambassadors came to see him and they ca and like when they came in he was like why haven ' t you taken your hat off? you know? and they ' re like oh we this is a cultural thing we don ' t take our hat off even in front of kings and he ' s like oh okay then and he
33. like when they came in he was like why haven ' t you taken your hat off? you know? and they ' re like oh we this is a cultural thing we don ' t take our hat off even in front of kings and he ' s like oh okay then and he got his guards to like nail their heads nail their headwear into their heads and then what did they? what their hats
34. knows knows that do you know that? that all screwdrivers are magnetic? cos i didn ' t know that and it blew my mind keeps looking at him saying he ' s pinched my hat he ' s pinched my hat did you find some ducks? we found ducks oh wow did you? yeah they ' re everywhere aren ' t they? he tried to eat them oh he ' s going
35. that? that all screwdrivers are magnetic? cos i didn ' t know that and it blew my mind keeps looking at him saying he ' s pinched my hat he ' s pinched my hat did you find some ducks? we found ducks oh wow did you? yeah they ' re everywhere aren ' t they? he tried to eat them oh he ' s going what? hang on got dad
48. and i remember taking that probably i guess could have been could have been well i don ' t know whether you did whether you no i think i had my hat on yeah cos i had a hat on my coat yeah mm i cos i had my red one didn ' t i? which i put on now it ' ll come round soon and it looks it ' ll come round eventually yeah oh
49. came home and i thought right student finance i ' m gonna get there it is there it is there it was you oh it was me yeah because no yeah yes and i got yeah you had your hat and yeah i had a hat had her hood do there my hood wouldn ' t pull down though would it? no but but it wasn ' t even no intentional i don ' t think either but you
50. student finance i ' m gonna get there it is there it is there it was you oh it was me yeah because no yeah yes and i got yeah you had your hat and yeah i had a hat had her hood do there my hood wouldn ' t pull down though would it? no but but it wasn ' t even no intentional i don ' t think either but you were both doing that knowing each
55. he throws he throws bits of egg and you have to catch it that ' s right yeah bits of omelette and and you catch it and uh and he sometimes tries to throw things in his hat that ' s right yeah the uh chef ' s hat and i thought it was really good fun yeah it ' s uh it ' s pretty cool like but the thing the funny another thing about it is
56. catch it that ' s right yeah bits of omelette and and you catch it and uh and he sometimes tries to throw things in his hat that ' s right yeah the uh chef ' s hat and i thought it was really good fun yeah it ' s uh it ' s pretty cool like but the thing the funny another thing about it is like if you ' re sitting round the hotplate so
57. everyone ' s going back to give him a peep on the hill right but he ' s still there he we came passed the other day and he was dressed you know toe to head with a hat on and everything and sort of like bright yellow fluorescent stuff like a massive great you know i don ' t know where he got the fluorescent hat from but he was out there you know and he was sort
58. and he was dressed you know toe to head with a hat on and everything and sort of like bright yellow fluorescent stuff like a massive great you know i don ' t know where he got the fluorescent hat from but he was out there you know and he was sort of like that pointing at the notice waving and pointing oh he ah we didn ' t realised we we just realised there was someone there hardly ever
66. the list and john major we missed off as well oh john major oh god oh er the forgettable one the one the one er what ' s your mnemonic then? a cat eats my hat which cat? which hat? no sorry which hat? which cat? that ' s it that ' s my burmese brown cat so it ' s erm mm a cat eats my heart which is er
69. s erm mm a cat eats my heart which is er attlee attlee cat is ch is erm churchill is it not? churchill of course yeah attlee er ate my hat it is which is another attlee is it? i can ' t remember now my is macmillan hat is home erm which erm wwilson which is it? no is is it wilson
72. it the other one? which hat? or which cat? but you get the idea yeah yeah it goes on like that yeah can ' t remember no it was wilson heath then wilson callaghan which hat? which cat? wilson heath yeah wilson heath and then it was wilson again yeah then callaghan callaghan yeah mm that was the seventies and then mm yeah the eighties that ' s my okay? as
76. any song why just a christmas one? don ' t know cos it ' d be on every year wouldn ' t it? cos it happens to be christmas i forgot my downton abbey hat oh bugger it ' s alright we won ' t watch it hat oh i thought you meant you had a hat for when you watched downton abbey mm a duchess hat mm oh i ' m with
77. it ' d be on every year wouldn ' t it? cos it happens to be christmas i forgot my downton abbey hat oh bugger it ' s alright we won ' t watch it hat oh i thought you meant you had a hat for when you watched downton abbey mm a duchess hat mm oh i ' m with you no she hasn ' t got a hat that she just wears when
78. t it? cos it happens to be christmas i forgot my downton abbey hat oh bugger it ' s alright we won ' t watch it hat oh i thought you meant you had a hat for when you watched downton abbey mm a duchess hat mm oh i ' m with you no she hasn ' t got a hat that she just wears when downton abbey ' s on i hope did
79. forgot my downton abbey hat oh bugger it ' s alright we won ' t watch it hat oh i thought you meant you had a hat for when you watched downton abbey mm a duchess hat mm oh i ' m with you no she hasn ' t got a hat that she just wears when downton abbey ' s on i hope did you find the wish bone? mm probably still in the
80. ' t watch it hat oh i thought you meant you had a hat for when you watched downton abbey mm a duchess hat mm oh i ' m with you no she hasn ' t got a hat that she just wears when downton abbey ' s on i hope did you find the wish bone? mm probably still in the turkey yeah it ' s still there still looking i ' m sure i saw
81. but i really like them you ' re gonna put three of them on? i don ' t know i ' m not sure you could put two er one on each end and then like make a hat and m have a bobble hat i know that ' s what i thought first i wanted to put five on each end and was like i think that ' s overkill five bobbles on each end
82. re gonna put three of them on? i don ' t know i ' m not sure you could put two er one on each end and then like make a hat and m have a bobble hat i know that ' s what i thought first i wanted to put five on each end and was like i think that ' s overkill five bobbles on each end wow well cos the scarf and
86. least if they gave me a dress like a navy dress i ' ll take that on board yeah don ' t fancy wearing like trousers and shirt though to be fair no i imagine it is and a hat some sort of dress oh the hat no hat ' s not okay but the evening dress is nice like it ' s it ' s black with like red trim the boys like and obviously they ' ve got
87. like a navy dress i ' ll take that on board yeah don ' t fancy wearing like trousers and shirt though to be fair no i imagine it is and a hat some sort of dress oh the hat no hat ' s not okay but the evening dress is nice like it ' s it ' s black with like red trim the boys like and obviously they ' ve got their little waistcoat and oh and
88. navy dress i ' ll take that on board yeah don ' t fancy wearing like trousers and shirt though to be fair no i imagine it is and a hat some sort of dress oh the hat no hat ' s not okay but the evening dress is nice like it ' s it ' s black with like red trim the boys like and obviously they ' ve got their little waistcoat and oh and it '
101. first that ' s better than on your chest is it cheap? mum you were very controversial when the plates as well are different yeah there done it mm we ' re looking forward mm who ' s hat? cheers mum controversial where are the hats? where are the hats? oh what ' s this? inside your cracker there it is look i dunno ah come on you got a joke have i
103. not a bother then we can meet up for our evening meal but i suppose just so she knows yeah oh my good god and there ' s a billboard or a woman in a bikini and a santa hat jesus you don ' t get half so much sexist bollocks like that in the uk now i suppose you get big bra adverts but yeah but they ' re advertising bbras she '
108. may have been on their wedding day we ' re not absolutely sure um grandad looks like a right spiv why? well he looks like a bit like al capone he ' s got this hat sort of very jauntily almost on the back of his head er there ' s a photograph of him and his sisters with his mother that they haven ' t got your father ' s father you '
122. stop crying you little slag well i ' m glad they got through cos they weren ' t the worst i like them ones the best good i like the boys the best but take your stupid hat off dickhead that blonde ' s got shoes on i fucking hate dermot on this show as well i hate i don ' t get to around the fucking world no everyone despises dermot and
123. several letters letters to change their schedule oh erm strongly worded letters of yeah obviously actually no they ' re only showing one oh no ah god get them off ah i preferred them what is his hat doing? look at his hat what a tool look at it tool he all his hair erm you ' re one to talk no but that was the poshest insult i ' ve ever heard tool
124. schedule oh erm strongly worded letters of yeah obviously actually no they ' re only showing one oh no ah god get them off ah i preferred them what is his hat doing? look at his hat what a tool look at it tool he all his hair erm you ' re one to talk no but that was the poshest insult i ' ve ever heard tool tool no she called some reporter
128. surprised oh you ' re wearing a an arty skirt today mm well you ' ve got to look the part shall i wear my mm if i was coming i would wear a scarf and a funny hat yeah i ' m i ' m gonna and and go around saying darling yeah not all artists do that i don ' t know why you ' ve got this weird impression of artists all the ones we '
129. are these christmas decorations? no they ' re easter decorations for your easter tree these are for my easter tree what have you got a snowman? something really strange oh she ' s wearing a little hat she? yeah it ' s a bunny rabbit and there ' s a little chick on his what ' s got? that ' s not a chick that one is a chicken that ' s a hen that
130. i ' ve i i ' m very impressed erm what do you think? it ' s really good do you? mm it has that quality that children love like little children tried on a green hat but we er don ' t know why there ' s only one one ear by the way don ' t know yeah but it was too small erm he tried on a red hat but it was too
131. on a green hat but we er don ' t know why there ' s only one one ear by the way don ' t know yeah but it was too small erm he tried on a red hat but it was too small as well poor look at the snow there might come a time when children don ' t know what snow is what? mm might mm? what? might smile pardon? like the
132. snow there might come a time when children don ' t know what snow is what? mm might mm? what? might smile pardon? like the never mind said his mother i will knit you a hat and that is a wonderful hat it ' s but your hat is dead a wonderful hat isn ' t it? it is an absolutely fanta oh that makes me smile at night could hear the foxes chatter
133. when children don ' t know what snow is what? mm might mm? what? might smile pardon? like the never mind said his mother i will knit you a hat and that is a wonderful hat it ' s but your hat is dead a wonderful hat isn ' t it? it is an absolutely fanta oh that makes me smile at night could hear the foxes chatter the owls tu - whit
134. what snow is what? mm might mm? what? might smile pardon? like the never mind said his mother i will knit you a hat and that is a wonderful hat it ' s but your hat is dead a wonderful hat isn ' t it? it is an absolutely fanta oh that makes me smile at night could hear the foxes chatter the owls tu - whit tu - whoo and hedge
135. mm might mm? what? might smile pardon? like the never mind said his mother i will knit you a hat and that is a wonderful hat it ' s but your hat is dead a wonderful hat isn ' t it? it is an absolutely fanta oh that makes me smile at night could hear the foxes chatter the owls tu - whit tu - whoo and hedgehogs rustle in
136. the next day was ' s birthday he was four is that the big fellow? yeah invited all the children to his party erm hello thank you for coming to my party said that is a super hat it is a super hat i do like that hat er he ' s really dancing in it erm but still felt shy i ' m sorry erm it ' s my favourite drawing this there was a
138. is that the big fellow? yeah invited all the children to his party erm hello thank you for coming to my party said that is a super hat it is a super hat i do like that hat er he ' s really dancing in it erm but still felt shy i ' m sorry erm it ' s my favourite drawing this there was a cake n yummy do you like the cake?
141. away those bubbles that are erm right in here then then you could say the next summer you know what i mean? poor that ' s poor right? so he ' s gonna get his wee hat yeah then he needs a hat right let ' s see whether has a hat he said and then it goes to at night at night could hear the foxes chatter the owls tu - whit tu - who
142. ##m right in here then then you could say the next summer you know what i mean? poor that ' s poor right? so he ' s gonna get his wee hat yeah then he needs a hat right let ' s see whether has a hat he said and then it goes to at night at night could hear the foxes chatter the owls tu - whit tu - whoo and the hedgehogs
143. the next summer you know what i mean? poor that ' s poor right? so he ' s gonna get his wee hat yeah then he needs a hat right let ' s see whether has a hat he said and then it goes to at night at night could hear the foxes chatter the owls tu - whit tu - whoo and the hedgehogs rustle the leaves but there ' s still
147. i ' m not sure mm i mean the whole thing could just be about he is called and he ' s shy and then have nothing about the hat so just go into the party i think the hat is a very good bit of it yeah personally i think the hat is a really nice bit of it erm that erm it ' s a shame it ' s got nothing to do with the rest
148. be about he is called and he ' s shy and then have nothing about the hat so just go into the party i think the hat is a very good bit of it yeah personally i think the hat is a really nice bit of it erm that erm it ' s a shame it ' s got nothing to do with the rest of the story so i couldn ' t think of how to get
152. there mm i just erm it ' s only because it ' s d it ' s d it ' s it ' s it ' s still winterish ah right and is is he in his hat in the one be after that? he ' s in the hat when he arrives at the party he ' s he ' s he ' s got his hat on he ' s supposed to supposed to look
153. s d it ' s d it ' s it ' s it ' s still winterish ah right and is is he in his hat in the one be after that? he ' s in the hat when he arrives at the party he ' s he ' s he ' s got his hat on he ' s supposed to supposed to look a bit like he ' s it ' s divided i mean like
154. ah right and is is he in his hat in the one be after that? he ' s in the hat when he arrives at the party he ' s he ' s he ' s got his hat on he ' s supposed to supposed to look a bit like he ' s it ' s divided i mean like a wind his window really erm yeah he looks a bit faded yeah that ' s the
155. school asked i don ' t know said yes keep going on when it snowed he used his ears as a scarf but his head was cold so his mother took him to the shops had a green hat it was too small it was too small tried the red hat but it was too small as well the red hat but it was too small as well poor poor never mind said his mother oh i will knit
156. when it snowed he used his ears as a scarf but his head was cold so his mother took him to the shops had a green hat it was too small it was too small tried the red hat but it was too small as well the red hat but it was too small as well poor poor never mind said his mother oh i will knit you a hat instead yes that ' s that ' s fine
157. scarf but his head was cold so his mother took him to the shops had a green hat it was too small it was too small tried the red hat but it was too small as well the red hat but it was too small as well poor poor never mind said his mother oh i will knit you a hat instead yes that ' s that ' s fine erm erm mm yeah where ' s he
161. erm erm shall we say even when the snow melted erm yeah during the day liked to where his hat yeah erm so the sun came up melted all the snow but still loved his hat yes it ' s something of that and wore it to the party something like yeah something erm but then erm you could say that so it might actually b erm er er so so that one
162. then erm you could say that so it might actually b erm er er so so that one there erm instead of having that say erm er erm talk about him still loving his hat but you don ' t have to have him with his hat on yeah could that one? erm at night he erm he took off his hat erm er put it on even w even though
163. erm er er so so that one there erm instead of having that say erm er erm talk about him still loving his hat but you don ' t have to have him with his hat on yeah could that one? erm at night he erm he took off his hat erm er put it on even w even though the snow had melted during the day yeah erm i mean
164. er erm talk about him still loving his hat but you don ' t have to have him with his hat on yeah could that one? erm at night he erm he took off his hat erm er put it on even w even though the snow had melted during the day yeah erm i mean you ' ve got to it ' s got to be more childlike words than those yeah
168. on we ' re on week seven mm so i ' ll be able to do that tonight and then yes yeah i like your hat i k i know i keep saying but it ' s a nice hat it ' s really cold i wanted to keep it on but i never wore it out er are you reading? yeah what? just what? nothing like profound just reading like books that i ' ve read
173. mm you ' ve u you ' ve used all your chess pieces there have you? have you not got any spare? oh i ' ve got loads spare oh are you gonna put any in your hat? no so you ' re just gonna have proper mad hatter yeah sort of what what do you call those? top hat i know it ' s a top hat no you know i know it '
174. i ' ve got loads spare oh are you gonna put any in your hat? no so you ' re just gonna have proper mad hatter yeah sort of what what do you call those? top hat i know it ' s a top hat no you know i know it ' s top hat well well what was this then? i didn ' t think it was a bowler for goodness sake what was the
175. you gonna put any in your hat? no so you ' re just gonna have proper mad hatter yeah sort of what what do you call those? top hat i know it ' s a top hat no you know i know it ' s top hat well well what was this then? i didn ' t think it was a bowler for goodness sake what was the gesture? or a witch ' s hat
176. you ' re just gonna have proper mad hatter yeah sort of what what do you call those? top hat i know it ' s a top hat no you know i know it ' s top hat well well what was this then? i didn ' t think it was a bowler for goodness sake what was the gesture? or a witch ' s hat well what? come on then er the rods that
177. no you know i know it ' s top hat well well what was this then? i didn ' t think it was a bowler for goodness sake what was the gesture? or a witch ' s hat well what? come on then er the rods that come out oh hahatpins oh hatpins thank you that ' s just as simple as thinking of top hat and totally don ' t go giving yourself
179. ' t go giving yourself airs and graces mummy well it ' s not every day i wear a hatpin but there again it could be said it ' s not every day i wear a top hat either when have you ever? well quite i thought you were gonna come out with some story then oh no well oh well when i used to go clubbing in london no although having said that at the
180. well oh well when i used to go clubbing in london no although having said that at the camden palace that wouldn ' t have surprised me if seeing somebody walk in in the eighties with a top hat cool erm you know rocking a top hat have you ever heard the song erm i wish i was pr punk rocker? oh yeah that rings a bell it ' s a good song you sound you
181. ##bing in london no although having said that at the camden palace that wouldn ' t have surprised me if seeing somebody walk in in the eighties with a top hat cool erm you know rocking a top hat have you ever heard the song erm i wish i was pr punk rocker? oh yeah that rings a bell it ' s a good song you sound you looked so disgusted by it er i ' m
198. often but uh it does get very hot yeah but um but the good thing about our garden is when you ' re in the front garden it ' s absolutely boiling hot you ' ve got your sun hat your sun glasses and it ' s torture oh yeah you ' d probably do better at planting in your your front garden that ' s really hot so what we could do we could put some tomatoes there if
202. on then no no your pen ' s here why is she doing it in here? just for company we won ' t look don ' t turn around you should put it in put them in a hat really more efficient mm if you put them in a hat that ' s true i haven ' t got a hat or a bucket what? what the hell is that? what? where are they? a
203. she doing it in here? just for company we won ' t look don ' t turn around you should put it in put them in a hat really more efficient mm if you put them in a hat that ' s true i haven ' t got a hat or a bucket what? what the hell is that? what? where are they? a whole pram yeah i haven ' t seen that before
204. ' t look don ' t turn around you should put it in put them in a hat really more efficient mm if you put them in a hat that ' s true i haven ' t got a hat or a bucket what? what the hell is that? what? where are they? a whole pram yeah i haven ' t seen that before it ' s fat now that ' s what was talking
206. n n nineteen it ' s probably warmer outside than it is in here and he doesn ' t need the bathing suit i ' m sure we ' ll just put his hat on just give me his hat and his baby suit and i wanna i ' ll commandeer you to take the seating mat seating mat let ' s have look you want to take a suit picnic mat yeah we ' ll take a baby
212. i don ' t care i don ' t make sure you make that joke at my funeral with a smile on your face and your bright bright suit on i ' ll be happy you wear your pudding hat and i ' ll be well happy yeah sorted i want no more than five hundred pounds and everything else can go on go and have a lovely holiday oh sweet hope you raise a glass to me at some
213. like no way you should ' ve you should ' ve i was like i ' m going to have you guys if you ' ve got baby pictures as well guys i need to get a woolly hat i forgot yeah we ' ll get a woolly hat wait no one answered the question if you had to live off one food for the rest of your life what would it be? coffee coffee oh that
214. i was like i ' m going to have you guys if you ' ve got baby pictures as well guys i need to get a woolly hat i forgot yeah we ' ll get a woolly hat wait no one answered the question if you had to live off one food for the rest of your life what would it be? coffee coffee oh that ' s opened up my options say what then? french
226. it ' s called hats and basically you put a load of names of celebrities like we ' d each choose a name of a celebrity like or a fictional character or whatever uhu put it in a hat and then erm oh wait maybe i ' m getting confused there ' s two games that she told me about anyway so this one we ' d all choose like a person erm and then the first
245. picked the hat up and put it on my head? oh oh no no one of you no feeding him oh oh so yeah we saw that one yeah and then another one was where they put the hat on the floor and the elephant picked it up with his trunk and pops y the hat on your head ah uhu it was really cute so where ' s your next trip gonna be then? has wanted
250. think well what how they wear it with the hood is like that what like the ku klux klan or something know what i mean? yeah and like with the hat it ' s cool put this hat on mate you look like you ' re going to bed then like you need like a little oil lamp i know what you mean like come with me very cool this is your lounging wear then is it
251. ? mm they ' re letting people in round the back scared me that fire brigade it ' s the first fire engine i ' ve seen there ' s a food market to the left oh yeah that hat ' s almost as good as dad ' s hat that is nothing like your dad ' s hat i wouldn ' t let your dad wear a hat that wasn ' t nice that is a nice hat it
252. back scared me that fire brigade it ' s the first fire engine i ' ve seen there ' s a food market to the left oh yeah that hat ' s almost as good as dad ' s hat that is nothing like your dad ' s hat i wouldn ' t let your dad wear a hat that wasn ' t nice that is a nice hat it ' s the only one that ' ll fit him
253. the first fire engine i ' ve seen there ' s a food market to the left oh yeah that hat ' s almost as good as dad ' s hat that is nothing like your dad ' s hat i wouldn ' t let your dad wear a hat that wasn ' t nice that is a nice hat it ' s the only one that ' ll fit him didn ' t have much choice no she had
254. s a food market to the left oh yeah that hat ' s almost as good as dad ' s hat that is nothing like your dad ' s hat i wouldn ' t let your dad wear a hat that wasn ' t nice that is a nice hat it ' s the only one that ' ll fit him didn ' t have much choice no she had to go to the back of the cupboard did she
255. hat ' s almost as good as dad ' s hat that is nothing like your dad ' s hat i wouldn ' t let your dad wear a hat that wasn ' t nice that is a nice hat it ' s the only one that ' ll fit him didn ' t have much choice no she had to go to the back of the cupboard did she measure his head and like gasp? she kept she
264. face down give me the rules hang on a second this is too easy yeah but then the pictures are not what they seem mm i know so you ' re looking for a spider wearing a bobble hat well it ' s not that what ' s a bobble hat? a bobble hat is one of these little it ' s a hat with a bobble on it little hats that you a spider
265. easy yeah but then the pictures are not what they seem mm i know so you ' re looking for a spider wearing a bobble hat well it ' s not that what ' s a bobble hat? a bobble hat is one of these little it ' s a hat with a bobble on it little hats that you a spider wearing a bobble hat mm well i don ' t understand what
267. you ' re looking for a spider wearing a bobble hat well it ' s not that what ' s a bobble hat? a bobble hat is one of these little it ' s a hat with a bobble on it little hats that you a spider wearing a bobble hat mm well i don ' t understand what would it be? well are you sure it ' s not on one of
269. yeah okay well well we don ' t do it like that put this one well well you can put that one there but put this one there that ' s the spider wearing erm a bobble hat a bobble hat uhu ah no i got that one my hand was gonna be there and then you look look look at my pushed it away ' s on it just i didn ' t mean to
272. i have piles on on his yes that was informative have they gone? they ' re an awful lot better than they were good that ' s good anyway was in it he was wearing a top hat and he had a notebook and he was at the horse scenes right we ' ll look out for him and we saw him going we ' ll look out for him in a very actorish way so where
276. like th thicknesses and stuff i just have what s use what ever i ' ve just whatever i ' ve just got hanging around you so that ' s uh that ' s a baby ' s hat is it? so i was thinking about knitting a little hat so i ' ve done booties and a jumper um yeah so you ' ve done a you ' ve done a hoodie? yeah and
277. what ever i ' ve just whatever i ' ve just got hanging around you so that ' s uh that ' s a baby ' s hat is it? so i was thinking about knitting a little hat so i ' ve done booties and a jumper um yeah so you ' ve done a you ' ve done a hoodie? yeah and booties you ' ve done boots and you ' ve got
283. yeah what ' s that? looks like a car thing doesn ' t it i don ' t do car things mm i was gonna say it looks like a deacon ' s sort of bishop ' s hat whatever they call it m but it ' s not i know it ' s got a like a spaceship on it something yeah is it a star? erm that could be an a erm sig
286. the helmet like that and then and then the nosepiece like that i thought i looked more that just looks like any hat doesn ' t it? and then i drew two eyes and then i any hat with a nosepiece? no but if i just drew a hat like that it could be like a bobble hat i i wanted to make it look like it was a warrior or something yeah oh yeah
287. i thought i looked more that just looks like any hat doesn ' t it? and then i drew two eyes and then i any hat with a nosepiece? no but if i just drew a hat like that it could be like a bobble hat i i wanted to make it look like it was a warrior or something yeah oh yeah so he typed in knight well they but their their hats are distinctive
288. hat doesn ' t it? and then i drew two eyes and then i any hat with a nosepiece? no but if i just drew a hat like that it could be like a bobble hat i i wanted to make it look like it was a warrior or something yeah oh yeah so he typed in knight well they but their their hats are distinctive so that that wait so anyway he he typed in
289. staying for my you know last visit i stayed with him when i came over for when i was sixty erm and this guy he was a real character walked up the stairs with this sort of cowboy hat thing and leather jacket on and big bushy beard and had one had one as well at the same time and er his name was patrick bergin and he was an actor mm who ' d made films
292. like by this seat and this guy came up to me and said brit you ' re in my space and i for some reason i don ' t know i ' m not even aggressive he took his hat off wow he took his hat off and threw it what? wow and then like rested of my nose like went right pressed my nose like right up against the side of his head in his ear right i
293. guy came up to me and said brit you ' re in my space and i for some reason i don ' t know i ' m not even aggressive he took his hat off wow he took his hat off and threw it what? wow and then like rested of my nose like went right pressed my nose like right up against the side of his head in his ear right i ' m gonna fucking kill you
297. would be funny wouldn ' t it? the entire congregation just under one massive blanket did you see ' s hat? that wouldn ' t be allowed like? yeah he ' s got this like silly hat with sort of well basically the sort of thing would wear i made wear a silly hat yesterday cos he was very silly and he didn ' t have a hat and then you were freezing cold eh so
298. you see ' s hat? that wouldn ' t be allowed like? yeah he ' s got this like silly hat with sort of well basically the sort of thing would wear i made wear a silly hat yesterday cos he was very silly and he didn ' t have a hat and then you were freezing cold eh so i made him wear my silliest hat you ' ve got slightly more hair than
299. he ' s got this like silly hat with sort of well basically the sort of thing would wear i made wear a silly hat yesterday cos he was very silly and he didn ' t have a hat and then you were freezing cold eh so i made him wear my silliest hat you ' ve got slightly more hair than though now there ' s apple and blackberry crumble em now i know matt
300. would wear i made wear a silly hat yesterday cos he was very silly and he didn ' t have a hat and then you were freezing cold eh so i made him wear my silliest hat you ' ve got slightly more hair than though now there ' s apple and blackberry crumble em now i know matt you hate hot puddings don ' t you? em so there is em ice cream
310. that that been up them boards have been up in the that loft for thirty years so when when do you pick a time to do it? well when i ' ve got all my gear on my hat my overalls my mask my goggles you can put all that over them well what can you put on? i ' ve got my old gear and well i will have you haven ' t got a
312. put all that over them well what can you put on? i ' ve got my old gear and well i will have you haven ' t got a hat or a mask i ' ll find a hat and a mask yeah yeah well and then we then we can get them down the best thing would be just to slide them out across the rafters and let them fall down outside okay yeah i supposed it
315. do you mean he doesn ' t look like that? well no who is that person no you ' re not going to tell me that that is your your aunt in er your mum in a hard hat? yeah we went and into a cave with? oh you ' ve got yeah a hard hat on as well we were all yeah we went into a cave mm i remember that i do actually remember that
316. ' re not going to tell me that that is your your aunt in er your mum in a hard hat? yeah we went and into a cave with? oh you ' ve got yeah a hard hat on as well we were all yeah we went into a cave mm i remember that i do actually remember that she looks so young yeah she does she looks really and and and curly i don ' t remember
318. see and i think they thought oh my word it ' s it ' s this are they all as nuts as this fellow? so was saying hello to everybody as they came i should have had a hat on him a festive a festive hat would have been better wouldn ' t it? yeah but well you need to know what you ' re talking about won ' t you? you don ' t
319. it ' s it ' s this are they all as nuts as this fellow? so was saying hello to everybody as they came i should have had a hat on him a festive a festive hat would have been better wouldn ' t it? yeah but well you need to know what you ' re talking about won ' t you? you don ' t know you don ' t do you? no
323. they ' ll be hattie hat hattie hat not hattie jacques thank you that ' s it i keep losing this and it keeps coming back it must have got legs? everybody admires my hat because it came from the and i ' ve never seen one anywhere else for sale and it does suit you mm? it does suit you i i like it and i ' ve got a blue one as
325. much what? you know i think i don ' t know if you were there i came out of the toilet then then i came out i went to the toilet i came out and i had a hat and scarf on and put a scarf over his face so it looked like that hair put the hat on top like and sat there going way hey man i ' m a fucking making these high pitched north east
327. supermarket with excellent staff yeah very nice staff there ' s a lovely security woman who sort of patrols the alcohol isle oh i know her yeah the blonde she ' s a well she ' s got a hat on yeah okay so there was one who always wears a hat and there ' s a blonde one erm they ' re both lovely really nice as you asking the question they ' ll go off and find
328. lovely security woman who sort of patrols the alcohol isle oh i know her yeah the blonde she ' s a well she ' s got a hat on yeah okay so there was one who always wears a hat and there ' s a blonde one erm they ' re both lovely really nice as you asking the question they ' ll go off and find out for you yeah if you sort of offhand ask do
332. now anyway er d you need to straighten her hat a little bit why? she looks nice wonky no at the front it ' s the the oh oh yeah here you go oh this is this hat ' s quite small we need a new hat for the winter it ' s cute ain ' t it? look how cute that hat is mm come on then i ' m absolutely knackered i think
333. hat a little bit why? she looks nice wonky no at the front it ' s the the oh oh yeah here you go oh this is this hat ' s quite small we need a new hat for the winter it ' s cute ain ' t it? look how cute that hat is mm come on then i ' m absolutely knackered i think really should we do a pram because she
334. s the the oh oh yeah here you go oh this is this hat ' s quite small we need a new hat for the winter it ' s cute ain ' t it? look how cute that hat is mm come on then i ' m absolutely knackered i think really should we do a pram because she looks quite tired? we can always lift the pram over er yeah okay we can
339. know who he was you would ' ve guaranteed that this was the guy who was gonna buy the softcore porn because he would come in in this like long black trench coat in like a fucking bowler hat and like the biggest sunglasses like with his collar up like it was just insane like how he dressed oh oh that sounds dodgy yeah it was so so bad and erm and he used to come over
342. ? yeah maybe yeah what the hell? and why? what and why? these are the questions i need to answer think another bottle of wine please let me send them one of you in the black hat let ' s take a funny one i already did not the one where looks like a donkey alright alright alright okay one that ' s approved a selfie? like i don ' t know come on babe
346. to go you could get some pom poms i love pom poms maybe not for ricardo but we could wear the pom poms yep he could probably wear a pom pom hat i mean you don ' t think he ' d actually agree to it but if you just put it on his head bobble hat yep it ' s happening it ' s happening it ' s on your
347. ##m poms yep he could probably wear a pom pom hat i mean you don ' t think he ' d actually agree to it but if you just put it on his head bobble hat yep it ' s happening it ' s happening it ' s on your head now yeah s and i don ' t know any of them that are playing fab but i just you know thought it would
349. you know what the word shrill means? shh can you stop please? bu bu bu bu bu bu bu bu bu bu bu ah you moved again now his hat ' s wonky yeah cool hat it ' s like a hipster snowman yeah i am a hipster snowman i can move my body shift my body shift my body b shift my body shift my body shift my body what was
356. ? i can imagine grandpa with a blowhole i think he may have got a blow hole in the top of his memory er yeah you ' re right nana oh you could always put a bobble hat on over a blowhole do you know what? surviving i ' d have gills as long as they ' re as long as they ' re gills yeah if they were cos even if if i had
357. right to in his erm elvis presley outfit with a yeah he had all a sparkly white suit yeah with flares you know and a er always wore it christmas day and er and a christmas hat a father christmas hat yeah oh well it take all sorts mm don ' t it? it does yeah yeah it does yeah yeah yeah but the youth group the youth the youth team there at the minute are
358. erm elvis presley outfit with a yeah he had all a sparkly white suit yeah with flares you know and a er always wore it christmas day and er and a christmas hat a father christmas hat yeah oh well it take all sorts mm don ' t it? it does yeah yeah it does yeah yeah yeah but the youth group the youth the youth team there at the minute are are absolutely brilliant yeah
359. you it is a bit windy isn ' t it? yeah erm so she needs a woolly oh maybe sh there ' s some woolly hats about she could wear you know a woolly hat that won ' t blow off yeah cos her summer hat it ' s it would blow off too easily it ' s too flappy yeah yeah well she she ate nearly half a banana today did you
360. erm so she needs a woolly oh maybe sh there ' s some woolly hats about she could wear you know a woolly hat that won ' t blow off yeah cos her summer hat it ' s it would blow off too easily it ' s too flappy yeah yeah well she she ate nearly half a banana today did you? were you there? erm yeah yeah she er she
368. hat like with names yeah that ' s what we did yeah yeah that ' s what we did so we just put we just put the desk of each room where we wanted oh no we had one hat with room numbers and one hat with names yeah we did that oh well we just had room numbers and we just picked one out each that ' s what we did yeah i did mine on skype so
369. ' s what we did yeah yeah that ' s what we did so we just put we just put the desk of each room where we wanted oh no we had one hat with room numbers and one hat with names yeah we did that oh well we just had room numbers and we just picked one out each that ' s what we did yeah i did mine on skype so i had to have one with
371. bread and some we can sit jam jars she ' ll be even more pleased will she? yeah well that was the plan that ' s your hat isn ' t it? mm that ' s your hat she makes me keep the jam jars in the er in in the garage now oh that ' s good yeah i ' m thinking of moving to the garage actually completely moving to the garage no they no do
372. to the garage no they no do you want me to keep saving them or? oh yeah yeah i love them yeah mm? i like them yeah has he found he has found it this is my hat i get really upset when i lose this hat he ' s got your hat it ' s there it ' s so odd these these get them for a pound in the charity shop that one i had about
373. me to keep saving them or? oh yeah yeah i love them yeah mm? i like them yeah has he found he has found it this is my hat i get really upset when i lose this hat he ' s got your hat it ' s there it ' s so odd these these get them for a pound in the charity shop that one i had about five years and i keep losing it but it
374. ? oh yeah yeah i love them yeah mm? i like them yeah has he found he has found it this is my hat i get really upset when i lose this hat he ' s got your hat it ' s there it ' s so odd these these get them for a pound in the charity shop that one i had about five years and i keep losing it but it comes back every time i lost
382. ? so obviously we were getting an alice in wonderland costume and nineteen twenties stuff but what else did you see? i also saw a white rabbit erm a white rabbit costume and a cat in the hat head mm so there were lots of heads for characters like and the rabbit the rabbit felt really soft did you see the shoes as well? lots of shoes? yeah they were really pretty you can get stuff
383. s cap he ' s got one now? no he doesn ' t wear it much he does occasionally wear it yeah but it ' s you know it ' s an adult ' s yeah a manly hat exactly as it wasn ' t a baseball cap no no that it wasn ' t i think that ' s the difference between our fathers yours wears a flat cap mine wears a baseball cap he doesn ' t
387. no it ' s homework snape i ' m giving everybody hats do you mind if i put it on your character? yes i do mm oh but it ' s a free slythindor hat stop speaking in a baby voice it ' s a free slythindor hat sorry? it ' s a free slythindor hat a free slythenslytherin hat? yeah o
390. ##ndor hat stop speaking in a baby voice it ' s a free slythindor hat sorry? it ' s a free slythindor hat a free slythenslytherin hat? yeah oi where where when right it is your turn now okay wait i know something even funnier mm i ' ve got the rotate staircase ah yes so rotate a staircase no it ' s my
391. ##gsaw puzzle from the nineteen fifties with the mm swing boats and the mm bunting up and the band and mm yeah it was good the coconut shy yeah and horse rides and vicar in his straw hat and mm all that sort of thing but like yeah a long time ago now mm a tea tent and which he was he was a one - off wasn ' t he? yeah i mean that ' s
394. it ' s minus one so you might really want to be parading round in your bikini but em no you might actually you might actually be blue yourself from hypothermia so match the hat match the hat yeah and then the lips go blue and then you die so yeah mm that ' s wrong probably didn ' t think that through far enough did i? mm well it ' s a plan
395. minus one so you might really want to be parading round in your bikini but em no you might actually you might actually be blue yourself from hypothermia so match the hat match the hat yeah and then the lips go blue and then you die so yeah mm that ' s wrong probably didn ' t think that through far enough did i? mm well it ' s a plan it ' s
399. s that what ' s that little dude doing? he ' s mr peanut he ' s uh he ' s a monkey nut right with with legs and arms and mono uh monocle and a top hat and a monocle and a top hat and and the top hat says mr peanut right and he ' s holding a cane the original mr peanut left italy in the late nineteenth century with his family ' s
400. doing? he ' s mr peanut he ' s uh he ' s a monkey nut right with with legs and arms and mono uh monocle and a top hat and a monocle and a top hat and and the top hat says mr peanut right and he ' s holding a cane the original mr peanut left italy in the late nineteenth century with his family ' s peanut recipe and sold his peanuts on street
401. mr peanut he ' s uh he ' s a monkey nut right with with legs and arms and mono uh monocle and a top hat and a monocle and a top hat and and the top hat says mr peanut right and he ' s holding a cane the original mr peanut left italy in the late nineteenth century with his family ' s peanut recipe and sold his peanuts on street corners in pennsylvania well there
402. cos of my with sequences possibly possibly yes cos like erm the the easier you do it the four four rock beat which is you using everything yeah it does you count four on your high hat which is the symbol yeah which is one two three four on the one you press your kick pedal right on three you press your dum da da da one two three four oh yeah if they don '
403. ##b already this week like little bits and bobs i learnt socks i learnt weight and just even if it ' s socks is maozi no no? oh what is it? that ' s a hat oh it ' s a bit that ' s a hat a hat socks is something se yeah erm no wazi wazi yeah but and erm er oh who ' s the who ' s the
404. learnt socks i learnt weight and just even if it ' s socks is maozi no no? oh what is it? that ' s a hat oh it ' s a bit that ' s a hat a hat socks is something se yeah erm no wazi wazi yeah but and erm er oh who ' s the who ' s the guy that does the examinations board? erm? they
405. i learnt weight and just even if it ' s socks is maozi no no? oh what is it? that ' s a hat oh it ' s a bit that ' s a hat a hat socks is something se yeah erm no wazi wazi yeah but and erm er oh who ' s the who ' s the guy that does the examinations board? erm? they say that
406. have been with yeah and ' s translating and saying look at these bastards and erm i ' d say one of the things that was quite indicative it was quite funny i found a general ' s hat up there oh really? yeah a general ' s hat? brand well almost brand new not a mark on it oh how funny it must have it must have just thrown blown off or something a general '
407. at these bastards and erm i ' d say one of the things that was quite indicative it was quite funny i found a general ' s hat up there oh really? yeah a general ' s hat? brand well almost brand new not a mark on it oh how funny it must have it must have just thrown blown off or something a general ' s hat but not in the middle of the wilderness where
408. oh really? yeah a general ' s hat? brand well almost brand new not a mark on it oh how funny it must have it must have just thrown blown off or something a general ' s hat but not in the middle of the wilderness where you can ' t drive anywhere i mean they ' ve gone up there with trucks and just tipped stuff oh okay and this general ' s hat was amongst it
409. ' s hat but not in the middle of the wilderness where you can ' t drive anywhere i mean they ' ve gone up there with trucks and just tipped stuff oh okay and this general ' s hat was amongst it how strange that ' s a bit weird isn ' t it? it ' s in very good nick shall i get yeah shall shall i? yeah yeah that is we ' ll have to
412. t get a chance to wear his hat but we found these yeah bullets with the feet in it well what a good starting point for a story isn ' t it? you know a general ' s hat you ' ve gotta wonder but how ' s it going with the rewriting? ah well the rewriting is taking its time cos i mean i ' ve i must admit i ' m a bit
414. english books and we don ' t read theirs cos the english are too snobby to do a decent translation of foreign literature is there any particular reason why you ' re trying to take my hat apart? no well please don ' t then it ' s a nice hat i like it just cos you think it looks daft it does of course it looks daft it ' s a straw
415. snobby to do a decent translation of foreign literature is there any particular reason why you ' re trying to take my hat apart? no well please don ' t then it ' s a nice hat i like it just cos you think it looks daft it does of course it looks daft it ' s a straw boater what did you expect? well i don ' t know i i
425. show us a hat trick i ' m gonna go go on magic show us a hat tri go on show us a hat trick thank you go on sh shh good grief go on show us your hat trick so is it just you and and doing the dance thingy exam? and is the annoying one? yeah why is he doing it? cos he doesn ' t appear to like the his mum
426. looks just when you dropped it oh sorry look hold it up in the air why taking picture of we ' re taking it home with us got it cos i won ' t be in it your hat when i ' m home with a mink on my hat somebody in facebook said it was snowing in durham the gallery ' s gone from the box again well put it back just just just have you
427. in the air why taking picture of we ' re taking it home with us got it cos i won ' t be in it your hat when i ' m home with a mink on my hat somebody in facebook said it was snowing in durham the gallery ' s gone from the box again well put it back just just just have you watched this? ah read it made them pictures to see it
428. will be her favourite present oh excellent i ' m going to give her sell that yeah but elsewhere do you want another pack of hankies? no i ' m alright it ' s alright throw my hat yes i ' ve got some for the hat have another one getting quite noisy in here now isn ' t it let ' s go for a walk shall we have a wander i think the thing is it
435. yeah at the d at the table well that ' s not what you do is it? i was never brought up no like that i mean if you walked in someone ' s house with your hat hat on you took it off immediately just do automatically take it off yeah mm yeah we didn ' t see him very often without his hat no we didn ' t know what colour hair he had no it '
436. i mean if you walked in someone ' s house with your hat hat on you took it off immediately just do automatically take it off yeah mm yeah we didn ' t see him very often without his hat no we didn ' t know what colour hair he had no it ' s your hat comes off but i have to say cos he ' s he ' s done really well for himself he has done
437. it off immediately just do automatically take it off yeah mm yeah we didn ' t see him very often without his hat no we didn ' t know what colour hair he had no it ' s your hat comes off but i have to say cos he ' s he ' s done really well for himself he has done well for himself well he runs a nightclub now he ' s a nightclub manager so he
439. like and these are the kind of two famous places yeah i dunno there ' s probably lots of people in erm what are those hats with ear flaps? you know deerstalker type hat ushankas sorry? ushankas is that? er ushankas? is that what they ' re called? that ' s going to mm is that the proper word for them? is that
440. well you could have a wig what ' s wrong with being bald? like just cos the children don ' t have hair to pull on and play with that ' s it wear a bobble hat for the next no i might get a wig or something or go bald shaving off my hair ' s giving me more freedom to do what i want with my hair and just buy like bright pink yeah
441. yeah but i just you need to know why you ' ve got a beard come on are you a jew? i am obviously oh okay cos i was gonna say you ' ve not got the hat on what hat on? what ' s your favourite food? er dahl what ' s that? er rice with um dahl what ' s that? er how do you eat that? with your hands?
442. just you need to know why you ' ve got a beard come on are you a jew? i am obviously oh okay cos i was gonna say you ' ve not got the hat on what hat on? what ' s your favourite food? er dahl what ' s that? er rice with um dahl what ' s that? er how do you eat that? with your hands? no i use
450. tri and uni means? how many s unicorn how many horns does a unicorn have? one okay how many points does a triangle have? three yes so what do you think a tricorn hat how many points might it have? four seriously though? so is it a hat that goes like this? it ' s like the hat the one i had for my highwayman thing it ' s got
451. have? one okay how many points does a triangle have? three yes so what do you think a tricorn hat how many points might it have? four seriously though? so is it a hat that goes like this? it ' s like the hat the one i had for my highwayman thing it ' s got a three points cos it ' s a tricorn oh yes as opposed
452. ? three yes so what do you think a tricorn hat how many points might it have? four seriously though? so is it a hat that goes like this? it ' s like the hat the one i had for my highwayman thing it ' s got a three points cos it ' s a tricorn oh yes as opposed to a unicorn which has one point you ' re now
453. was it stick a pigeon feather in? stick a pigeon feather in thanks for that uuseful thing it doesn ' t have to be in the right colour because i could get your little sparkly hat what little sparkly hat? you know it ' s kind of like erm the hat you got at this no that is a top a baby silver top hat yeah yeah well robin hood didn ' t
454. feather in? stick a pigeon feather in thanks for that uuseful thing it doesn ' t have to be in the right colour because i could get your little sparkly hat what little sparkly hat? you know it ' s kind of like erm the hat you got at this no that is a top a baby silver top hat yeah yeah well robin hood didn ' t wear one of those did
455. ##ful thing it doesn ' t have to be in the right colour because i could get your little sparkly hat what little sparkly hat? you know it ' s kind of like erm the hat you got at this no that is a top a baby silver top hat yeah yeah well robin hood didn ' t wear one of those did he? he did when he was meeting prince john for the first
456. i could get your little sparkly hat what little sparkly hat? you know it ' s kind of like erm the hat you got at this no that is a top a baby silver top hat yeah yeah well robin hood didn ' t wear one of those did he? he did when he was meeting prince john for the first time mm my goodness me i will try and find the thing upstairs in
458. with my mum but i think horse of the year show you get to see some amazing jumping we used to go cos um i used to know people who competed yeah stuff did you wear a top hat? no if it came off i ' d just be like tut oh dear crumbs crumbs i ' ve lost my hat um oh little lamb bott well tube - fed this one
459. know people who competed yeah stuff did you wear a top hat? no if it came off i ' d just be like tut oh dear crumbs crumbs i ' ve lost my hat um oh little lamb bott well tube - fed this one cos it wasn ' t eating cos they ' re naughty lambs where was that? at country right there look the lamb weed on
461. hate blokey stuff sorry what were you saying? really gets on my nerves what? blokes blokes yeah like this sort of bloke has he got a burberry hat on uh they ' ll they ' ll they ' ll have they ' ll die out eventually yeah has he got a burberry cap on? no it ' s it ' s just it ' s
464. out mum loves rugby she ' ll be watching it i imagine yeah she won ' t be happy she ' ll be pulling for wales will she? she sits yeah yeah she sits there with her wales hat on it ' s really funny she li she likes to go down to the rugby club when a game ' s like she has become a bit more patriotic over the last couple of years hasn ' t she
470. s the one from the hat one pulled? has it has it now you ' ve got a cracker though mum oh i ' ve got a cracker er yes er did you not get a hat? oops surprise oh i can see it where is it? it didn ' t go snap oh i ' ve got glitter all over my hands now you ' ve got you ' ve got a dice
471. ' s the two things between the wheel of a car long and straight where the wheels rotate spokes upon no it ' s a long thing between chassis it ' s something you wear on your head hat er thrthree three letters certainly glasses no you wear you would protect headgear alright? helmet? no not d not doing very well it ' s er a round thing they call them pineapple
474. for the job but er and he ' s the one who gave me the piece of paper with mm and put the coput the code number on for me he ' d have to wear a hard hat in case the branches fell on his head well that ' s true i did offer to show him the offending branch mm mm cos i had it in the back garden oh yes but he didn '
481. very welcome darling take care bye bye oh children ' s snowballs bit concerned about the snowballs yeah i ' m a bit concerned that i don ' t have a hat oh i found my black hat i ' ve got earmuffs though there ' s earmuffs here you go have that earmuffs? um i need stop that now stop uh
482. alarming nothing alarming no to worry about too much well my dad made headlines i probably told you about this we made a u - turn in the middle of the road to go and fetch his hat his hat blew off on his motorbike made headlines oh he ' s on a motorbike? yeah and his hat blew off and he made a u - turn in the road to go and
483. nothing alarming no to worry about too much well my dad made headlines i probably told you about this we made a u - turn in the middle of the road to go and fetch his hat his hat blew off on his motorbike made headlines oh he ' s on a motorbike? yeah and his hat blew off and he made a u - turn in the road to go and fetch it
484. u - turn in the middle of the road to go and fetch his hat his hat blew off on his motorbike made headlines oh he ' s on a motorbike? yeah and his hat blew off and he made a u - turn in the road to go and fetch it and he got done i forget how much he got done know it was sixteen pounds or something silly like that and this
485. a knife like which he just yeah and the and also he had the second - best costume for digging up the food which was the which was the goggles? the no it was like a top hat and saffron robe and kind of small dark glasses and he was holding a and a string attached to an a ten tin yeah with holes axed into it with smouldering hay inside oh

Cluster 3
0. did the dance that they one of the dances that they their show dance won with their show dance and it was erm it was lovely and then at the end they all did er erm top hat didn ' t they? yeah they all came on and craig sang top hat and danced it yeah top hat most incredible top hat top hat and so and so we did that so that was er it was
1. with their show dance and it was erm it was lovely and then at the end they all did er erm top hat didn ' t they? yeah they all came on and craig sang top hat and danced it yeah top hat most incredible top hat top hat and so and so we did that so that was er it was it really was it was good that one and it and i mean i have
2. was erm it was lovely and then at the end they all did er erm top hat didn ' t they? yeah they all came on and craig sang top hat and danced it yeah top hat most incredible top hat top hat and so and so we did that so that was er it was it really was it was good that one and it and i mean i have to say that i was very
3. was lovely and then at the end they all did er erm top hat didn ' t they? yeah they all came on and craig sang top hat and danced it yeah top hat most incredible top hat top hat and so and so we did that so that was er it was it really was it was good that one and it and i mean i have to say that i was very impressed with the arena
4. and then at the end they all did er erm top hat didn ' t they? yeah they all came on and craig sang top hat and danced it yeah top hat most incredible top hat top hat and so and so we did that so that was er it was it really was it was good that one and it and i mean i have to say that i was very impressed with the arena itself it
7. t wanna dislodge anybody that ' s not permanent ongoing no i mean the way goes on every other time you speak to him he could be gone at the er sort of drop of a hat really i mean if his funding doesn ' t pick up carry him out with his fingernails still embedded in the doorframe yeah so as far as i ' m aware there ' s nobody down that end of
11. my nails you don ' t need to throw yogurt down yourself ow the snowman ' s got his hat on and he ' s coming out to play the snowman ' s got his hat on so hip hip hip hurray right this is please sit down do you want a spoon? yeah the snowman ' s got his hat on coming out to play the snowman ' s got
12. out to play the snowman ' s got his hat on so hip hip hip hurray right this is please sit down do you want a spoon? yeah the snowman ' s got his hat on coming out to play the snowman ' s got his hat on so hip hip hurray can i try a little bit? yummy oh it is nice why doesn ' t mummy like you
16. i well i don ' t think you really made it up but you did change the words what was the actual song? the snowman ' s got his hat on no the sun has got his hat on no the snowman ' s got his hat on is the school version of it? yeah that ' s my version the sun one is real mm the snowman one is the one that ' s
17. it up but you did change the words what was the actual song? the snowman ' s got his hat on no the sun has got his hat on no the snowman ' s got his hat on is the school version of it? yeah that ' s my version the sun one is real mm the snowman one is the one that ' s made up mm mm alright you can have mine clear
18. like how nice it was no absolutely a hundred percent cos it ' s llike yeah if someone goes out of their way to write a positive email like people will complain at the drop of a hat but if they erm gonna sack her and close the bakery fuck it yeah well i would that ' s it three in a row that ' s what we ' d do three strikes you ' re out
46. know who but i don ' t think he had the the reception in retirement that he was expecting hmm what do you mean? well he er expected to get pick up work at the drop of a hat from various people um but i think his reputation was such that nobody wanted to touch him with a barge - pole well i ' m not surprised no i ' m not either you can ' t go round
67. we missed off as well oh john major oh god oh er the forgettable one the one the one er what ' s your mnemonic then? a cat eats my hat which cat? which hat? no sorry which hat? which cat? that ' s it that ' s my burmese brown cat so it ' s erm mm a cat eats my heart which is er attlee attle
68. oh john major oh god oh er the forgettable one the one the one er what ' s your mnemonic then? a cat eats my hat which cat? which hat? no sorry which hat? which cat? that ' s it that ' s my burmese brown cat so it ' s erm mm a cat eats my heart which is er attlee attlee cat is ch is
71. can ' t remember now my is macmillan hat is home erm which erm wwilson which is it? no is is it wilson callaghan? or is it the other one? which hat? or which cat? but you get the idea yeah yeah it goes on like that yeah can ' t remember no it was wilson heath then wilson callaghan which hat? which cat? wilson heath yeah
111. have a she ' d paid someone to put a water softener in you know and not every time you ' re talking about hundreds of pounds yeah if not thousands yeah and at the drop of a hat you know oh mm she just spend money no you know yeah not a thought in her head you know not sort of thinking blimmin heck you know yeah i could do with some of this loot
137. s birthday he was four is that the big fellow? yeah invited all the children to his party erm hello thank you for coming to my party said that is a super hat it is a super hat i do like that hat er he ' s really dancing in it erm but still felt shy i ' m sorry erm it ' s my favourite drawing this there was a cake n yummy do
188. the fair sleep time on the nipple ' s written a little song you ' ve written a song? was going i am a cat i am a cat can ' t no longer fit in my lucky hat i am a cat i am a cat please don ' t call it puppy fat very nice i am what have you got there? i am an aardvark what let ' s see what you
207. they tr if if they can they try and defer it they try and get oh yeah they to not have them any more they u they they used to just do them at the drop of a hat yeah years and years ago and now they then they w swung totally the other way whereas now yeah they don ' t just do them but if you need them you have to have it done in your case
220. ' s not out in the sticks on her own is she and they ' re nice people too mm really nice people as well mm mm yeah we walked past one man and he erm tipped his hat at us yeah when he walked past did he? ah oh wow yeah tipped his hat like he obviously thought you were the lord of the manor mm no he tipped his hat er at er mm all of
221. people too mm really nice people as well mm mm yeah we walked past one man and he erm tipped his hat at us yeah when he walked past did he? ah oh wow yeah tipped his hat like he obviously thought you were the lord of the manor mm no he tipped his hat er at er mm all of us yeah mm hmm yeah no one does that any more well that ' s just like
222. he erm tipped his hat at us yeah when he walked past did he? ah oh wow yeah tipped his hat like he obviously thought you were the lord of the manor mm no he tipped his hat er at er mm all of us yeah mm hmm yeah no one does that any more well that ' s just like saying hello that ' s really just his yeah it ' s his yeah way of saying
223. more well that ' s just like saying hello that ' s really just his yeah it ' s his yeah way of saying hello mm yeah it was nice that s people still do that yeah tip your hat funny there are beautiful buildings round there aren ' t there mm yeah yeah yeah stone they ' re beautiful mm but it ' s a shame that ' s right on that busy road though innit yeah that
224. accent ' s changed quite a lot in the last ten years mm mm cos we ' ve like lived in so many different places mm yeah and i can change it like at the drop of a hat as well yeah? can you? depending on who i ' m talking to well that ' s true if i ' m talking to you have to speak quite clearly don ' t you yeah for lessons yeah
225. diving and kicking the can down the road yeah and think of as many things as you can to put cost on del boy mm and that ' s when we brought the heritage expert out of the top hat absolutely yeah but oh i don ' t i ' m getting a bit old for all these fights yeah you ' re getting very cantankerous in your old age what you on about? what have
228. anyway so this one we ' d all choose like a person erm and then the first hat or a thing and you have to describe it you pick a n er one of them out of a hat shut up you pick one of them out of a hat and then you have to describe it and you can have as many words as you want and it ' s like taboo or articulate mm and then
229. person erm and then the first hat or a thing and you have to describe it you pick a n er one of them out of a hat shut up you pick one of them out of a hat and then you have to describe it and you can have as many words as you want and it ' s like taboo or articulate mm and then everything goes back in the hat for the second round where
230. them out of a hat and then you have to describe it and you can have as many words as you want and it ' s like taboo or articulate mm and then everything goes back in the hat for the second round where you only get three words to describe what ' s in the hat what you ' ve picked out and then the everything goes back in the hat and for the third round you can
231. words as you want and it ' s like taboo or articulate mm and then everything goes back in the hat for the second round where you only get three words to describe what ' s in the hat what you ' ve picked out and then the everything goes back in the hat and for the third round you can only act out to describe what it is i ' m confused would there would there be like
232. then everything goes back in the hat for the second round where you only get three words to describe what ' s in the hat what you ' ve picked out and then the everything goes back in the hat and for the third round you can only act out to describe what it is i ' m confused would there would there be like four names if there ' s four of us? i think so wait so
235. if you had to choose one of them i can see why you think so that ' s like would you rather? yeah and then er whichever one you say you would pick you put back in the hat and then whichever one you you wouldn ' t you take out and then so you keep wait say that again say that again so whichever one you say you ' d married put back in the hat and the
236. the hat and then whichever one you you wouldn ' t you take out and then so you keep wait say that again say that again so whichever one you say you ' d married put back in the hat and the other one you take out and then you keep going and whichever one is left in the hat at the end the person that wrote that one down wins thought you were gonna say has to sleep with
237. say that again say that again so whichever one you say you ' d married put back in the hat and the other one you take out and then you keep going and whichever one is left in the hat at the end the person that wrote that one down wins thought you were gonna say has to sleep with them that ' s a i was like that might be difficult so the point is like write down okay
241. was like a classic what ' s that cat book? the american one? american cat book? there ' s loads ye of cat books in the world no it rhymes and everything the cat in the hat or something oh what ' s that called? the cat in the hat is that by what it ' s called? yeah oh right he ' s not american he ' s er german oh is he?
242. ? american cat book? there ' s loads ye of cat books in the world no it rhymes and everything the cat in the hat or something oh what ' s that called? the cat in the hat is that by what it ' s called? yeah oh right he ' s not american he ' s er german oh is he? i think well it ' s it ' s dr seuss dr se
261. what ' s written on the back is not what is on the picture playing the game when everyone is ready the dealer turns over the top card from the deck a spider a spider wearing a bobble hat want to put it erm to er erm to put it down? okay right the spider wearing a bobble hat wearing a bobble hat somewhere among all the pictures on the table is the one
262. over the top card from the deck a spider a spider wearing a bobble hat want to put it erm to er erm to put it down? okay right the spider wearing a bobble hat wearing a bobble hat somewhere among all the pictures on the table is the one that matches the answer there are no turns as soon as the player sees the matching picture they must call out the answer again
263. the deck a spider a spider wearing a bobble hat want to put it erm to er erm to put it down? okay right the spider wearing a bobble hat wearing a bobble hat somewhere among all the pictures on the table is the one that matches the answer there are no turns as soon as the player sees the matching picture they must call out the answer again and then pick up the
266. pictures are not what they seem mm i know so you ' re looking for a spider wearing a bobble hat well it ' s not that what ' s a bobble hat? a bobble hat is one of these little it ' s a hat with a bobble on it little hats that you a spider wearing a bobble hat mm well i don ' t understand what would it be? well
268. that what ' s a bobble hat? a bobble hat is one of these little it ' s a hat with a bobble on it little hats that you a spider wearing a bobble hat mm well i don ' t understand what would it be? well are you sure it ' s not on one of the white ones? yeah i ' d say this is probably the deck raising for the
270. we don ' t do it like that put this one well well you can put that one there but put this one there that ' s the spider wearing erm a bobble hat a bobble hat uhu ah no i got that one my hand was gonna be there and then you look look look at my pushed it away ' s on it just i didn ' t mean to push you out of
301. there? yeah doesn ' t like violence either yeah it ' s weird man i was thinking i think i often i think i said to somebody my ideal woman would would be someone i can watch top hat with and erm female prisoner scorpion jailhouse 41 and is not interested in either of them she just falls either she falls asleep after five minutes or she spends the entire film asking me questions usually related to
305. i ' m not sure that these people are on his course so how bad is it? i ' m going to ask what did you say to him? he said we took names out of a hat and i was last and i said well if you took names out of a hat it doesn ' t make any difference whether you ' re first or last erm and he showed me pictures of all the
306. it? i ' m going to ask what did you say to him? he said we took names out of a hat and i was last and i said well if you took names out of a hat it doesn ' t make any difference whether you ' re first or last erm and he showed me pictures of all the people in his house and it ' s strictly body beautiful they ' re amazingly good
308. would ever want to do is have to ask somebody else i mean i know we ' d we ' d have help you know what you know mummy here would fork out? at the drop of a hat but if you know obviously we ' ve got him but that is the last thing that i ' d ever want to have to happen yeah you have to pay our mortgage for me i mean yeah mm you
321. too many people put there we are right well i ' ve got them what have i got? oh my hat is over there is that hattie hattie jacques? they ' ll be hattie hat hattie hat not hattie jacques thank you that ' s it i keep losing this and it keeps coming back it must have got legs? everybody admires my hat because it came from the and i
322. put there we are right well i ' ve got them what have i got? oh my hat is over there is that hattie hattie jacques? they ' ll be hattie hat hattie hat not hattie jacques thank you that ' s it i keep losing this and it keeps coming back it must have got legs? everybody admires my hat because it came from the and i ' ve never
362. coming out then i was ah ah terrified no numbers ah ah yeah that ' s what i ' m talking about no go pass it back to your keeper yes go on lad i ' ve scored a hat trick with my keeper what serious? of course you have wow two games ago quite good like yeah you go you got to do it you got to do it keep going cos the the game before that
363. but every five seconds they went and attacked it was like they were gonna score and they scored four managed to score one we made quite a few chances he could ' ve had he could ' ve a hat - trick he could ' ve have had four maybe but we ' re in a situation where we literally if we don ' t take every chance we get we ' ll lose cos the defence are so
366. home i suppose but don ' t get me wrong i mean if i if i had the moneys i i ' d you know i ' d go to barcelona or valencia at the drop of a hat hmm easily easily as you would probably you know definitely uh or or south of france or you know anything mediterranean like i ' ve got two friends now ' s in valencia another friend is in porto do you
367. and then there ' s three rooms upstairs and they ' re still quite big erm and we numbered the houses like when we went and we were like we ' ll just pick them out of a hat like with names yeah that ' s what we did yeah yeah that ' s what we did so we just put we just put the desk of each room where we wanted oh no we had one hat with
379. s two one isn ' t it? oh right oh i can ' t do it i can ' t play it i don ' t mind watching you lot play hat trick here we come yes a hat trick? er don ' t worry about me it ' s that i don ' t know i i don ' t rem remember that guy the other week he he was such had such a bad memory
381. so he ' s gonna try and visit her as much that will ne nice he ' s got a yeah make the most of it it ' s his wide dammit erm doo doo lyrics i wonder hat the german will say about that tomorrow oh who knows cos it wasn ' t like a majestic performance but it was pretty decent yeah erm yeah he said i think well when i got down to when
388. if i put it on your character? yes i do mm oh but it ' s a free slythindor hat stop speaking in a baby voice it ' s a free slythindor hat sorry? it ' s a free slythindor hat a free slythenslytherin hat? yeah oi where where when right it is your turn now okay wait i know something even
389. oh but it ' s a free slythindor hat stop speaking in a baby voice it ' s a free slythindor hat sorry? it ' s a free slythindor hat a free slythenslytherin hat? yeah oi where where when right it is your turn now okay wait i know something even funnier mm i ' ve got the rotate staircase ah yes
421. the so sorry? that one came out because it wanted to do you think will do some magic for me for my birthday party?? ' s daddy go on uhu show us a hat trick hat trick go on show us a hat trick i ' m gonna go go on magic show us a hat tri go on show us a hat trick thank you go on sh shh good grief go on show
424. ' s daddy go on uhu show us a hat trick hat trick go on show us a hat trick i ' m gonna go go on magic show us a hat tri go on show us a hat trick thank you go on sh shh good grief go on show us your hat trick so is it just you and and doing the dance thingy exam? and is the annoying one? yeah why is
444. savage i will not let goals in just chill sweat it out don ' t care seven nil ' s fine got a weakened team as well yeah that ' s my best score this season scored two hat tricks with two different people yeah scored a hat trick er sso you are actually doing better now like while we ' re here just chatting random shit to you and like distracting you from it yeah well i
445. sweat it out don ' t care seven nil ' s fine got a weakened team as well yeah that ' s my best score this season scored two hat tricks with two different people yeah scored a hat trick er sso you are actually doing better now like while we ' re here just chatting random shit to you and like distracting you from it yeah well i do that i i talk to you about it

Cluster 4
15. you like that song that i did? i well i don ' t think you really made it up but you did change the words what was the actual song? the snowman ' s got his hat on no the sun has got his hat on no the snowman ' s got his hat on is the school version of it? yeah that ' s my version the sun one is real mm the snow
196. i mean nobody knows how it ' s gonna go of course think we might do think we might know well i don ' t know cos if i can eat this one this ' ll be a hat trick three edible soups in a row no if that ' s not tempting fate i don ' t know what is ahhhh they ' re gone heaven ' s fire in the hull mm there you
378. only played three i think it ' s two one isn ' t it? oh right oh i can ' t do it i can ' t play it i don ' t mind watching you lot play hat trick here we come yes a hat trick? er don ' t worry about me it ' s that i don ' t know i i don ' t rem remember that guy the other week he he
420. down on the so sorry? that one came out because it wanted to do you think will do some magic for me for my birthday party?? ' s daddy go on uhu show us a hat trick hat trick go on show us a hat trick i ' m gonna go go on magic show us a hat tri go on show us a hat trick thank you go on sh shh good grief go
422. out because it wanted to do you think will do some magic for me for my birthday party?? ' s daddy go on uhu show us a hat trick hat trick go on show us a hat trick i ' m gonna go go on magic show us a hat tri go on show us a hat trick thank you go on sh shh good grief go on show us your hat trick so is it

Cluster 5
6. that ' s not gonna that ' s not gonna happen i dunno he can email it to my email yeah or my phone yeah i ' ll get him to text it to you cos then hat avoids mm oh nazzer i bet it ' s gonna be awful i know it sounds bad but do you not think it ' s gonna be awful? it ' s gonna be chavtastic
31. ? look i know but then how much do you rent you good day do you get to charge? er sixty look oh zip it good day good day thank you good day shush give me the hat you ' re being really annoying be very right is it whose turn is it? it ' s your turn go on then eight count one two three four five six seven eighteen pounds please no just she rolled
45. like i ' ll tell you later so i might be able to get him to just yeah be the buffer yeah usually we do a bit of a trade - off and usually i ' m the trade hat i get is i have to do his wedding appointments right cos he hates that so i ' m clearly accepting another wedding unless they ' ve got a re you know it ' s a bigger company than
53. way that the the chef obviously cooks in front of you and he actually plays with you like he he sort of s he sort of uh yeah yeah yeah with the egg? catching the egg in the hat? he does a little dance with his uh with his trowels that he ' s got with his hotplate oh yeah he taps his towel trowels on the on the hotplate and he
54. s right yeah and he makes you go like ting ting ting ting like that yeah chop the chop the omelette up and uh did he not make you throw an egg and catch it in the hat? i did it he throws he throws bits of egg and you have to catch it that ' s right yeah bits of omelette and and you catch it and uh and he sometimes tries to throw
59. erm her ex they ' ve stayed all friends and and him are now really quite good mates that ' s good that ' s wonderful and now the in - laws have stayed friends i take my hat off to people that can do it really really do seems to be that ten percent doesn ' t it? but then ' s mum and dad are still erm in contact with ' s ex and close
70. is erm churchill is it not? churchill of course yeah attlee er ate my hat it is which is another attlee is it? i can ' t remember now my is macmillan hat is home erm which erm wwilson which is it? no is is it wilson callaghan? or is it the other one? which hat? or which cat? but you get the
73. well i ' d rather if you ' d have pull it out just put your lips in it where are you taking us here? yeah right just taking us back to that big road i think oh hat evening watch the sunset from the church terrace in the nearby hill town of groznjan then have a drink in the shade of the arches of the venetian loggia will you please stop humming? it
104. ##bury rings it was called and eh completely unaware of the significance i mean now ill be back there one of life ' s ambitious to get on time team if i ' m to still still steal fill hat i think that ' s the thing about this country that we ' ve got the weather it ' s like yeah once you ' ve got the weather you need yeah if you got the weather you wouldn '
115. t know the ins and outs of it mm just like you don ' t know the ins and outs of mine but i look at your life and the path you take and i just i take my hat off to you i think it ' s absolutely wonderful what you ' ve done and i wish that i would ' ve taken a leaf out of your book mm i think it ' s great well you still
119. shouldn ' t think they ' d be able to re - sell it see that ' s the thing i think is ready to move onto the land is he? well he they ' ve moved to hat their flat and they ' re in a flat staying with friends until they get the land yeah so are they are they gonna live in tents? no reckons they can live on the land for forty days
126. a conversation i ' ve interrupted have i? no no no er were just talking about phones talking about the size of ' s phone by comparison with the iphone six just saying it ' s massive i hat i don ' t like it at all i ' d feel scared to touch it let alone take it outside the iphone six i mean yeah i feel like you wouldn ' t want it in your pocket just
169. but no he was very like masculine though wasn ' t he? like with his s yeah he was scarf and his and i think a little bit of it was sexist if i remember rightly hat i ' m surely there was something what? the female roles in it? yeah or the lack of female roles for one probably yeah and i mean there was probably something in there cos there always is
197. year and everybody else is new then they ' d say okay well we should get rid of them because they yes before they haven ' t actually i still think they should picked the names out of a hat yeah i still think they should do first come first served yeah cos it just works so much better yeah because then at least you ' re not like oh that ' s so annoying just because i '
208. eh they didn ' t smell but they did taste a bit weird they tasted disgusting with anything at all cos they were nice whenever something doesn ' t taste the same as it did the time before hat ' s it it ' s the end of that as a food game over aw yeah the thing is that is really annoying that really annoys me with him is that fr now since then at every opportunity
210. so i think it kind of puts together some of the reasons behind why i picked some things mm erm so say if we look at evaluation as research architecture and a map erm you could argue hat do they run like on a yeah they run horizontally right so erm you could say that erm from my point of view architecture and map are pretty much the same thing why? because i see architecture
215. sales for six years he ' s like yeah well that ' s good isn ' t it? twenty oh of fucks sake like seriously some people have different aspirations though for him if if he thinks hat twenty grand is acceptable yeah no but i said to him have you ever thought about moving firm he was like well yeah cos our firm is nationwide so i thought about upping to cornwall i said no
219. ' s it going? and it ' s just like no not doing it if you can get through the first term and not hand in anything i would i ' d get i ' d take my hat off to you and you stay and that ' ll be amazing that would be really like impressive it would be but that ' s not an exam it ' s not going to happen it ' s not going
227. then erm oh wait maybe i ' m getting confused there ' s two games that she told me about anyway so this one we ' d all choose like a person erm and then the first hat or a thing and you have to describe it you pick a n er one of them out of a hat shut up you pick one of them out of a hat and then you have to describe it and
233. only act out to describe what it is i ' m confused would there would there be like four names if there ' s four of us? i think so wait so everyone puts one name in a hat yeah of a celebrity or a character yeah and then you pick another name out uhu and you ' ve got to make people guess what it is yeah although i don ' t know how that works co
234. other one? the other was i feel like ' ll like this game was when you that makes me suspicious of what you ' re about to say you all put a erm a name in a hat okay and it ' s like a celebrity or a character or whatever and erm and you pick two out and out of them you have to say like which one you ' d marry like if you had
238. though? i need the d well then let ' s find the d right and the question 4c when asked why it ' s heavier than it was before what ' s the answer? it a hat a hat too much christmas pudding it went through a collision and like stuff happened erm i ' ve got kinetic energy is not conserved in a in inelastic collision so it was converted to heat energy
239. i need the d well then let ' s find the d right and the question 4c when asked why it ' s heavier than it was before what ' s the answer? it a hat a hat too much christmas pudding it went through a collision and like stuff happened erm i ' ve got kinetic energy is not conserved in a in inelastic collision so it was converted to heat energy which increases
240. can ' t make it pay i remember you know being in that industry but it cos they are big massive big pipes yeah things and three tonnes i ' ve sat in a few with a hard hat on having a photo taken and erm the they ' re they ' re rolled steel so they ' re like you you yeah you can see how it ' s made cos the the you can see
243. for what? i ' ve i ' ve never seen a richmond bear advert i ' ve seen i ' ve seen a dove yeah yeah the rich the richmond advert with like a little army hat on it was the one he lost a bear the kid lost a bear they have really weird adverts are you getting another? i don ' t think i ' ll bother drinking bottles well i '
258. all the time so really maybe he mm was a a sort of paddington bear really yes because marmalade sandwiches yes are really the food of paddington bear aren ' t they so? absolutely under his hat he always carried them didn ' t he? erm and last time i was up at paddington railway station with my brother erm we sat very close to the lovely statue which they ' ve got oh
259. had to do a lot of transcribing for the lang side which is why i love chatting to oh i i did one before so oh okay oh yeah we alright we ' re like old hat at this oh can i take this one? yeah yeah take it i think there ' s some by ' s desk as well they ' re so good i forgot i ' m that ' s like a
271. ' ve got it gets that s they so that ' s the incentive they don ' t all go out for chips they draw out of all the the people who lose weight their names go into a hat and the slimmer of the week ' s pulled out there was only one ticket in the bag today and she ' d only lost half a pound which is really just a trip to the toilet isn '
279. big at all so he ' s a big guy then? and he ' s a british actor? yeah oh er what do you wanna know? just tickled myself a bit are you ollie hard hat? no er i think it would be erm the from eastenders danny dyer? no not danny dyer the original mitchell brother oh kemp ross kemp ross kemp as the tick yeah ross kemp on tha he '
281. nuts i think and okay they ' ve wiped out everyone in africa and er how much shall we get? two? yeah okay erm and hey get back apparently it ' s gonna be keep your hat on about a guy who ' s writing a book like a fantasy book to try and escape like the i dunno the situation and all that kind of like like a dream thing what a story within a
282. it makes your skin feel all funny it makes your hair go static mm mm it makes me get snotty because i ' m allergic to the air con yeah like no i get a really bad hat headache every time it must be the ai cabin pressure yeah but i get a banging banging headache sinus capsules sometimes help that mm but no i just couldn ' t imagine i could just couldn ' t
304. have it what it ' s? yeah what ' s he saying? ah go on get your reading glasses on got the worst room in our house next year cos we took names out of a hat and i was last he ' s on a bad run isn ' t he? will he live with the same people next year? shall i keep on talking to myself? hang on why do you always
320. it yeah we did have chairs and people never want to sit on our chairs no well because too many people put there we are right well i ' ve got them what have i got? oh my hat is over there is that hattie hattie jacques? they ' ll be hattie hat hattie hat not hattie jacques thank you that ' s it i keep losing this and it keeps coming back
330. can actually say words it ' s gonna that matches your dress unless we can get her to sign the er consent form put a little x on it right shall we wander down to the shop? yeah hat do you wanna go down the shop? or is that a no? shall we stay here and chill out while mummy goes down the shop? yeah? oh that look no no come on er yeah you
335. so they make all the sounds and then they replace the sound and give them the same word and say is this a word in your language basically it was a very long and laborious process of like hat is that a word? and they ' d go yes yeah hat and then you pat is that a word? a word yeah and they ' ll say it so you keep and then if pat ' s
336. give them the same word and say is this a word in your language basically it was a very long and laborious process of like hat is that a word? and they ' d go yes yeah hat and then you pat is that a word? a word yeah and they ' ll say it so you keep and then if pat ' s a word is pap a word? is pag a word
352. i was supposed to light the mixer up but i was sound asleep and i woke up and my mum was dressed in what you could only call a dickens costume it was what she wore in bed night hat big shawl over her and long nightdress and i didn ' t recognise her at all and i just screamed cos i thought she was a ghost and she ' s what the bloody hell '
364. ##s he ' s eloquent he ' s very eloquent i love thierry henri he ' s a hero s saturday he had like contradicting jamie? yeah what jamie was saying everyone hat everyone contradicts jamie yeah but they erm it ' s yeah but the top ones have got it easy even look at erm what ' s his name? er i ' ve forgotten his name
365. ' s always been interesting yeah yeah i ' ve they ' ve always known exactly what they ' re talking about yeah mm and their english has been fantastic but at the end they ' ll pass a hat round and say you know any t if you ' ve enjoyed this afternoon it ' s usually like two hours yeah yeah any tips so you put five euros in but obviously like mm she ' s not technically
380. aren ' t they tonight? no not at all this is like a strong squad oh it ' s him there stefanovic stefanovic i mean he ' s a good player and that is a great hat oh swiss cheese i get it but yeah i dunno i just think that like you know er then then it would be huh they they sh wwhy don ' t we just put limits on everything
386. when you um come on okay when you ' re when you ' re making okay something someone lives in house alright um the things used to construct those bricks yes uh the thing on top of your head hat but uh no hair yes w when it points uh n not downwards um oh never mind never mind quiff no it ' s one of those probably um okay t they are a bunch of flat things you
393. for that? em i think they ' d take it pretty seriously yeah it ' s a pretty big deal i think you know i mean i don ' t think i ' m going to tell them hat at the interview i plan on just wearing a bikini yeah i mean you say this now but i think you ' ve forgotten how fucking cold it is when it ' s minus one so you might really want
396. she was in here earlier and she barely looked up i just don ' t really have anything to say to her it was nice at she took craig that dinner though yeah yeah i didn ' t expect hat it was really nice but em i ' m just thinking it i appreciate that he ' s really making an effort to be quiet but i you have it ' s always hoping to wake us up cos
413. i had to go to work you know the last christmas party which is why i didn ' t drink at the one before that oh because i had to go to work and i had the hangover hat couldn ' t even walk up i was like that i didn ' t get to work until ten obviously normally i start at seven thirty that ' s the absolute last i could get into work is ten o
423. me for my birthday party?? ' s daddy go on uhu show us a hat trick hat trick go on show us a hat trick i ' m gonna go go on magic show us a hat tri go on show us a hat trick thank you go on sh shh good grief go on show us your hat trick so is it just you and and doing the dance thingy exam? and is
432. know i didn ' t want to he was all shy and everything and so they said er do it as a family come on so the three of us ended up doing a pitch for some oh ski hat had chosen but once he got into it like we sort of started him off and once he got into it you know he was fine and he was he was yeah and they gave him feedback and but it
460. you know that you know that thing? yeah and semantic tagging? what ' s that symbol that looks like that? like that? a tilde a tilde but it ' s not a hat tilde it ' s just a normal character yeah in mathematics does it mean approximately or something? i ' m not sure anyway so you can put those in then you can it generates n - grams but
477. and live that way he could be happy living on a baguette and a piece of cheese for the day you ' re right is just it was just pants this morning normally he ' s not hat down about things yeah but he might have just had something going on that he doesn ' t want to talk about he might he might have been hangover or his sister might have like stolen his shoe or
486. can how many people to be five cos you need your god oh yeah is there any way of yeah having a god without it being a god? like i dunno choosing names er out of hat or something like that? mm you could but it might be a bit complicated yeah because then everyone would know yeah and who ' s going to explain how the the gruesome deaths happen? well i

