Cluster 1
0. ' t know the dog catcher i don ' t think they have a dog catcher in ecuador get old in here okay so you ' respending in and so will it be really hot? what temperature will it be? mm dunno thirty - five thirty thirty - five wow that ' s hot it ' s gonna be boiling think we might have to cut ' s hair a bit cos it '
3. lambs tomorrow? oo i should text him and find out i think that does probably need to happen but um tut let me check the weather forecast for tomorrow huh do you know er what temperature it is right now? what? oh one degree no yeah huh one degree now? and that and that was at seven o ' clock actually no so it ' s gonna be colder than that that can
6. s pretty slow if we have to turn this thing on about ten minutes before i mean it ' s melting so it ' s definitely yeah unless there ' s just it ' s not that hot the temperature of the room sow your beans yeah is that all you ' ve got? yeah out of beans well we ' ve got some plastic ones as well so well it ' s definitely starting to steam so
13. ##t in there and i ' ve got at nighttime it ' s turned down to ten right? ten degrees yeah which is not very warm is it? no no but because the this particular night outside temperature was like minus five or something it ' d it ' d erm lowered the temperature in the hallway to below ten degrees oh crikey yeah so the central heating boiler was running alright oh crike
14. right? ten degrees yeah which is not very warm is it? no no but because the this particular night outside temperature was like minus five or something it ' d it ' d erm lowered the temperature in the hallway to below ten degrees oh crikey yeah so the central heating boiler was running alright oh crikey yeah well all night but yeah i know what you mean though yeah so on and
16. you would love it why? it ' s like the mountains above madrid and it was like not that hot but like er nice hot so it wasn ' t humid or dry it was just like perfect temperature and you could climb up into the mountains and like there ' d just be these waterfalls all the way through and you could like the plunge pools were huge so you could jump in and swim in them like
18. everything? yeah but no but time is an abstract and the future is an abstract concept or it ' s not animals don ' t really they can communicate but i think it ' s the change in temperature isn ' t it mm why they hibernate? well yeah it ' s a combination of things but it ' s but if you arartificially dropped the temperature no they still well they
19. s the change in temperature isn ' t it mm why they hibernate? well yeah it ' s a combination of things but it ' s but if you arartificially dropped the temperature no they still well they still need the food they still need there ' s scarcity of cos you know there ' s food the no yeah you can make an animal hibernate by putting it
22. think may being on the coast makes a difference at night you ' ve got warmer temperatures yeah think it ' s erm it ' s a bit milder there i think overall i looked at the temperature charts the average lows in winter are like three yeah i mean it ' s not really that cold especially by the coast you won ' t get so many frosts no there won ' t be frost
27. what to do does it? no it ' s been raining it ' s been sleeting and it ' s been snowing and it ' s been freezing and there ' s no sort of temperature crept up a bit didn ' t it? yeah it ' s slightly up about three or four three degrees three degrees well that ' s what it said on the car three degrees yeah i found i pressed
28. ##m i every month at the end of the month i take the gas reading and the electricity reading bit sad but i know how much i ' m spending and i can see over the year what the temperature was like so i can tell you was it warmer last june than it was this june cos i ' ll go and have a look at the gas and i ' ll have a look at the electricity
29. cold for me to bring my feet in yeah i mean i ' ve been in consistently i ' ve been in thirty degrees or above for the last four months five months yeah so you must notice the temperature drop here it ' s quite cool yeah yes it so cool it ' s nice though the skies are really pretty you get these really big skies here with big white fluffy clouds that just change every three minutes
33. yeah when i when i was from the sidelines i was really cold i mean yeah that ' s why you put a jacket around you mm but you see i hadn ' t been running around my temperature just be nicely by itself just like that oh mm no thank you do you want it? you what? you what? what? what? what? what? what is it? what song is that
36. a light please? cheers oh you are cursed i know no damage done though mm just a bit sticky be alright be alright oh it ' s quite lovely out here actually yeah it ' s a nice temperature i might have toothache oh cos i ' m eating on that side all time cos i ' m i ' m sick of getting stuff stuck in that one yeah mm i found one of those
39. got some old onions here maybe if you could de - peel these onions? that ' d be great where ' s the knife? need to get some air in here it ' s a really nice temperature outside yeah it ' s good today which one is the real knife? this one chop up there ' s a cleaver here erm this is the one i ' m allowed to take to un
40. could it ' s a bit tricky like i said if there ' s an entrance that ' s closer yeah that might be good well it ' s a good time of year to go jogging yeah the temperature ' s about right now oh she ' s asleep oh shall we put her down then? no she ' s got her eyes open shall i leave her sitting up for a bit? yeah she looks alright
41. no when it gets cold here oh yeah it ' s too cold already yeah thank you snow and ice and all that yeah sort of stuff i just erm yes i mean the fluctuation in temperature in toronto which i ' m watching quite closely because i ' m going at the end of the month yeah erm shall i put that? no okay put it i ' ll put that there in another
42. snow when we were younger than than we get now i mean we got nothing last year did we? no nothing last year i mean that was mild all the way through i don ' t think the temperature dropped during the day bebelow ten did it? no the year before we had snow yeah we did the year before we had snow then we had snow at christmas when erm fell over oh yes
43. so scarves sometimes hats all of their outerwear thick coats with fleece linings and yeah fur on the hoods i just don ' t think hour jeez how those people can feel any temperature they can stand outside in really cold temperatures and not feel it yeah but then they can sit on boiling buses yeah i in the same clothes yeah and not break a sweat amazing i have to on a bus
44. hour in their winter clothes yeah i really don ' t know how they do it i ' m saying this you know with my coat on i know but oh yeah getting me to turn the turn the temperature down you ' ve got your coat on oh sorry i don ' t wanna take it off now i ' m comfortable fair enough ah i will do if you ' re getting do you know what? i
47. i don ' t need to get there until ten or eleven o ' clock yes most the worst effects will have probably disappeared it should be a lot better by then and probably be gritted and just the temperature will have just lifted a bit the sun will have come out won ' t it? that will definitely help if you don ' t need to be in first thing yes but the timetable seems a bit variable
49. re like my worst thing and they just have we just have to write we have to sketch the species and and write the scientific names and oh kind of find out like just record the weather and the temperature or the changes in or whatever soil ph or how many people are on your course? there ' s a fair few there ' s like ninety ninety? or like er well eighty to ninety yeah that '
50. from bergen i think it ' s like a hu three hundred and twenty days of rain really? a year oh dear we ' re talking a wet place no you ' re probably right in term of temperature yeah yeah no temperature no and also the thing is erm the gulf stream goes i think it goes south of britain and then it goes up towards erm scandinavia and that ' s the only reason that
52. a yeah sweaty thing i dunno why i mind you i don ' t know maybe the technology ' s moved on the shirts now they could be quite cool to wear but erm cool as in temperature yeah even if completely if it ' s hot so when are west ham moving to olympic stadium then? season after next after so not even next season not even next so the the scam going at the
67. sorry they all know it ' s alantis don ' t we with her long leggies? yeah they ' re so th erm i ' m a type of all size tell you what the temperature in this room is like i dunno fucking are you having a hot flush like me? grow pineapples in here it ' s erm twenty - two degrees yeah at least so like room temperature
70. haven ' t got my phone it ' s a little cool in here for the household don ' t you think? i thought it was nice yeah i ' m just right it ' s a nice temperature oh cos it ' s me then yeah maybe you ' re just a bit cold we usually er yeah there ' s usually a fire isn ' t there? well it ' s usually quite warm in
71. ? well well it ' s more that erm you can go out as long you because then you keep dry if it ' s really i that ' s why we wait for the weather to drop temperature wise in many ways because once the ground ' s frozen underfoot we can go anywhere really whereas you know there ' s areas where that would ' ve been very boggy if we if it hadn '
80. you can always drive out and then just outside there ' s here and you go up and there ' s a line of hills and you can go down the other side into the rift valley and the temperature goes up you know it ' s hot you know? oh have you? you ' ve never been to africa africa grandad? i haven ' t well it is a dangerous place now because if you
84. out yeah that ' s why i got that coke i was nearly falling asleep before are you actually cold? i mean compared to what it normally is this time of year cos it ' s the temperature ' s it ' s not really cold this time of year i know that but it ' s probably average and but i think my car was showing thirteen degrees coming over was it? no my might have
85. er so am i i mean mind you you ' ve just come back from paris haven ' t you? yeah how was that? that was alright but it ' s er sor basically the same temperature i guess so paris can also be quite cold did you er did you just go to see someone have a good time or what? erm sort of both a friend of me and ' s from new
86. the summer it ' s lovely and hot they organise erm all kinds of summer things and then in the winter they have erm ski runs mm you know it ' s quite a yeah extreme with temperature they have walking tours in the summer and they do ski runs in the winter oh that ' s nice but to cut a long story short we had erm i love and well i don ' t know
90. think we were in seats i remember seeing you could see erm you know like the other train that had a dial that told you the speed? yeah this one had a dial that told you the temperature oh yeah do you remember? cos we were like looking at the temperature and seeing it getting colder and colder as we were like mm and then we got out cos it was night time that was
91. like the other train that had a dial that told you the speed? yeah this one had a dial that told you the temperature oh yeah do you remember? cos we were like looking at the temperature and seeing it getting colder and colder as we were like mm and then we got out cos it was night time that was the coldest night wasn ' t it? when it got down to minus
92. you seen the monseen? monseen? yeah erm they tend not to eat meat and they eat a lot of vegetarian food right and this is in part because of their the drastic changes in temperature the heat and the rain yeah erm the partly i think it ' s to do with the fact that erm with all those rains often come sort of waterborne diseases like cholera and things like that
94. ##p next to me this is the first time i was going and the chap next to me erm he was an aussie and he sai and the pilot came on and c tells us what temperature was and what time it was in queensland and he said and and the time is cos you go over time zones cos i ' d i ' d f mm gone to perth first and then i
95. she ' s like my boobs know when it ' s raining maybe it ' s my boobs? didn ' t you talk about your nipples earlier? it ' s like you can tell the temperature oh my god it ' s true it ' s a super power this is your super power guys you ' re like unstoppable it ' s my super power with your super powers we are we
100. but it ' s er bbe like t cold like here right? but a bit colder oh god but colder but but in march? colder than here? why don ' t you look at the temperature now? it ' ll be march it ' ll be march it it all depends march but er if there ' s snow man it ' s a ski place still there ' ll be snow so it '
104. ' s what can it be? you just left them inside it ' ll be chow mein probably or something like that from last night oh god it ' s cold it ' s dropped so quick this temperature ain ' t it? mm yep i can ' t wait to have pie and chips later that is still the plan right? yeah why the fuck would you do that to your penis? i just don
107. but er no i don ' t know when i stayed with in australia he bought me one of those and it was just the whole plastic bottle thing mm i couldn ' t get around i mean the temperature was about forty degrees while i was there so that could ' ve been part of it so mm wherever your bottle was even in the shade it was just yeah yeah yeah warm and plasticky and not good
109. the time was it hot? yeah it was like how many degrees? twenty - three oh oh it ' s not between twenty - three and thirty oh that ' s fine that ' s an nice temperature i think yeah anything over thirty i don ' t like was it above thirty in peru? thirty something there no when you were there? it was about twenty - five degrees by the time i left was
113. was going to say but staff are at work and therefore sort of act applies yeah what i found really funny was when i used to work at the university of as a finance manager at one point the temperature dropped too low because one of the heaters didn ' t work so legally they had to send us home cos it was below the whatever so i thought what should i do with myself and i i
114. it ' s like and then you don ' t get and then you know you ' re really hot and you wanna go and oh right yeah you kn yeah and and it ' s just the same temperature as you are well that well it ' s really warm i mean it it is it? it ' s warm until october god i ' d love i ' d love to november i ' d love i
116. see that was the thing cos everyone kept saying like here well no it wasn ' t actually you ' re right it isn ' t usually this mild everyone okay but is it the same sort of temperature as here? is that what it was roughly or? yes well yes it was but we didn ' t get the rain the right okay and we had three dry days yeah lovely we had no rain yeah
119. yeah and i can tell even today ' s been like like a cooler day mm i mean there ' s a dampness to the air that korea doesn ' t have they don ' t need another temperature chart cos they ' re always like ah it ' s twenty - five but feels like seventeen mm because of the wind well it ' s not twenty - five then is it? no it ' s
120. five then is it? no it ' s seventeen so and it ' s like yeah it ' s minus ten but you know it actually feels like two or something well that ' s not the real temperature then is it? yeah tells us what it feels like not what it is but feels like something else yeah mm it ' s probably strange but yeah it is cold but so we we lived a couple of
124. i haven ' t er no no but i mean it ' s iin the summer down there yeah it ' s quite feasible to do it yeah it is sort of thing cos the yeah water temperature does get quite good down there yeah i ' m sure in in the summer yes er especially if you get into the bay sort of thing yeah the water temperature can come up quite considerably yeah i was taken
125. sort of thing cos the yeah water temperature does get quite good down there yeah i ' m sure in in the summer yes er especially if you get into the bay sort of thing yeah the water temperature can come up quite considerably yeah i was taken out by some people in once who had a little a small erm little p a powerboat and i i was taken out and then they stopped and said
126. ? yeah yeah oh wow that ' ll be brilliant and you know normally you wouldn ' t go for that because on a really sunny day you ' d just be sweltering inside mm and the temperature on saturday was lovely wasn ' t it? it it was just right actually it was we we in fact yeah we talked about it yeah the temperature was mm just right yeah wasn ' t it it was
127. d just be sweltering inside mm and the temperature on saturday was lovely wasn ' t it? it it was just right actually it was we we in fact yeah we talked about it yeah the temperature was mm just right yeah wasn ' t it it was just mm perfect so normally if you have a clear roof even outside it was wasn ' t it? the sun would just make it but mm at
128. two sets of clothes come out exactly it ' s the old adage you can never have uh there ' s never there ' s nev there ' s no not a thing as a very low temperature it ' s just ah inadequate clothing erm uh but the actual problem is that the most countries not just this country they never get their weather forecast right so you got out wearing one thing right by the
129. ' t done an awful lot today i should have done more really i tell you what it is though it ' s mostly the weather is it? yeah it ' s mostly you ' re fighting the temperature all the time aren ' t you as well? and and well you ' re fighting the temperature and the dinginess you ' re meant to start hibernating look we ' re supposed to be
130. though it ' s mostly the weather is it? yeah it ' s mostly you ' re fighting the temperature all the time aren ' t you as well? and and well you ' re fighting the temperature and the dinginess you ' re meant to start hibernating look we ' re supposed to be sleeping now really mm if there hasn ' t been electric light and stuff yeah we ' d be
131. some warmer clothes to iceland? i don ' t know we ' ll have to pack anyway mm in a couple of days suppose it ' s the summer there but i don ' t know what the temperature is be like going to scotland i suppose not that i dunno cos we ' re going to like glaciers and places mm that ' s true like that so i don ' t know how cold it
145. s creaking floorboards yeah but it ' s funny how you know the house is just settling at that time of the night cos the heating ' s gone off and it ' s changing temperature and or i ' ve or b yes exactly yeah and and or because i ' ve just walked over them and i ' ve shut the bedroom door and there i am yeah but u but if i didn
147. level is generally like that you need air con yeah you do need air con did you have? you would have had air con yeah we had air con yeah yeah yeah although was this in or the temperature? that was er erm in because ' s by the coast so it ' s a little bit of a breeze but also there was a hurricane and ah yeah there was like a tropical storm in the
148. outside i know it ' s massive but it just i think it ' s going to really need repotting and being outside but it ' s still a bit cold at night does it know the temperature it does know the temperature but the good thing is it ' s chillies so they grow in like deserts and shit so in theory you don ' t you wouldn ' t need to ever water it which
149. s massive but it just i think it ' s going to really need repotting and being outside but it ' s still a bit cold at night does it know the temperature it does know the temperature but the good thing is it ' s chillies so they grow in like deserts and shit so in theory you don ' t you wouldn ' t need to ever water it which is obviously what i '
155. sleep mm and you said had it the other night maybe it ' s just something that everyone mm yes maybe it ' s a bit of a virus it ' s weird and it ' s also weird temperature changes yeah the house isn ' t quite right in terms of yeah heating patterns and things yet and well i ' d been skating the monday and i literally had had my duvet and then i had co
156. t we ' d put her in some mm long sleeved cardigan and think that would do it mm yeah my i mean it is extreme isn ' t it? i mean with that kind of temperature yeah you need to know what you ' re doing when you ' ve got a little baby yeah i don ' t know how to deal with minus forty no how many layers do you put on? don
162. by the i don ' t know health and safety and everyone like that so that they distributed it right but they are just directly above the heating which means that they just don ' t know what the temperature is and it ' s like it ' s not twenty - four degrees in here it feels more like sort of fifteen sixteen degrees it ' s really cold yeah i was just thinking of getting ' s temperature
163. is and it ' s like it ' s not twenty - four degrees in here it feels more like sort of fifteen sixteen degrees it ' s really cold yeah i was just thinking of getting ' s temperature gauge thing and just temparturing around the office just to say actually that ' s not right yeah but there ' s nothing they can do it about it now because the way it ' s designed
164. it on yeah it ' s like this little tiny garage and y and you just go on and then it was so warm you ' d turn it off and almost straightaway you ' d see the temperature would just drop because it doesn ' t keep it warm does it? no waswaswasn ' t insulated in the garage anyway so mm but i i was told when i had it on that
165. will survive hundreds of thousands of years yeah and we were using electron scanning microscopes wow to identify we could get down to subspecies level wow and find out therefore what the rainfall was like yeah what the temperature was like what the assemblage of trees was like and therefore what animals had lived there that ' s amazing isn ' t it? that is yeah yeah and i think we ' re in the
172. it? i don ' t know i think so i don ' t know for certain unless it was just warmer i mean i don ' t know for certain i think it ' s partly the outdoor temperature as well so there is it has been freezing it was so cold today to be honest we d we don ' t know for certain whether but i suppose in order to be in order to be sure we
175. look at all the blue sky i can see very nice i yeah i might walk home actually rather than get a bus oh good for you cos it ' s just so nice yeah i noticed the temperature seems to be highest it seems to be really low in the morning sun comes up climbs yeah quite high for like one o ' clock two o ' clock and then boom plummets again so yeah i
180. said well ice cubes but er but it works mm and i put i just get a really cold keep getting the flannel cold and if you hold that across here actually that usually brings the temperature down and if you don ' t really have to do ice but you certainly need cold right coffee yes please ah with with milk please oh right it ' s a good job you said that cos i

Cluster 2
1. i think i might boil if i put the red jumper back on it ' s so nice like when i go round to my mum ' s it is literally baltic cos she has a completely different temperature gauge to me i ' m perpetually cold and she ' s perpetually hot so she never has the heating on that vest i took off earlier is it under the? yes there you go i knew
2. gang along with glass yeah reich reich three four eight twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen see it ' s almost burnt off now? oh yes it ' s gone away er i think it was just coming up to temperature actually what have you got planned? she lives going to come in and have my cup of tea ah oh that ' s ' s private eye yes he ' ll want do you want that? i '
10. you make up all the topics now you ' re fine to do that er can one can you look up on your phone? you asked me stuff like oh it ' s what ' s your favourite temperature? what? can you look it up on your phone? what did i ask you? what what ' s your favourite what? temperature ye and you answered it yeah how long is it going now?
11. me stuff like oh it ' s what ' s your favourite temperature? what? can you look it up on your phone? what did i ask you? what what ' s your favourite what? temperature ye and you answered it yeah how long is it going now? alright i asked him what his favourite measurement was goodbye guys alright er let ' s get off the bus take care we ' ll end this
12. t be good because work when it ' s not busy you just stand there behind the till and it gets really boring and i probably start to feel like really i ' ve got a bit of a temperature as well mm i know that feeling s so i do actually feel sick just not like bedridden sick yeah i think i had a bit of tonsillitis when i i was at uni but
30. know we thought that was a big can a big kind of tin oh this is water - based yeah this is is looks like the stuff i had when i the house i did out yeah? er temperature it was but that was water - based yeah? w but anyway i used a five - star treatment yeah? that ' s what we use you get the five gallon can that ' s about thirty -
31. i d i don ' t really do hats oh you won ' t know then nan comes round every year to knit one lovely and i ' ve got my grandad vest on the one thing about temperature is it it varies too much like in the lecture theatres it can be seriously warm you you don ' t want with all them bodies there yeah mm you don ' t want a jumper on or a vest
32. yes that ' s right but okay you know and there ' s a there ' s a grand they they they amble away they are like this when you see them going you know what sort of temperature when you look at that what ' s it like? what ' s it feel like to be in that environment? this er this this is very dry environment there is a not a lot humidity erm
34. ' ve been picked in other words mm is what i ' m getting at and they ' ve been sort of er er kept in erm i think sometimes animated condition like that they get the the temperature just a bit too low i remember there was a a we had an apple and i think it had actually been nearly frozen mm mm and when we cut it it wasn ' t very good no no inside
35. you well i got up to go to the loo exactly so i then came down to put the turkey in then your dad goes what are you doing? going out for a walk no no what temperature did you put it on? come on now hundred and fifty how long did you put it a hundred and fifty for? a long time only whacked it up for the last fifteen twenty minutes w
37. is it? does it not say? this map ' s not good enough to tell you people ride everywhere without leathers don ' t they? yeah but can you imagine leathers in this this temperature? yeah but can you imagine having no skin left in this temperature? okay leathers don ' t protect you from everything have you seen your grandad ' s scar? yeah on his shoulder tore through
45. mm yeah i suppose i could of perceived it as workplace bullying but instead i ' d quite often tell them to fuck off so it was fine are you really hot still? i ' m no my temperature ' s fine i ' m just okay this window ' s going a bit steamy steamy you ' ve got your own erm yellow and blue thing down there in fact you ' ve got the
46. whether it was gonna be a spoof but then i thought well no it ' s actually them so no she ' s finally a vampire now life is superb i love that we ' re the same temperature great really chilly know what i mean i know what you mean yes we ' ve got markedly different thermal capacities so therefore we contain different amounts of stored energy yeah oh my goodness it was a bit unfortunate um
48. mm this is not the same reservoir no it ' s it ' s and it ' s not yes and it ' s not from the north side i can tell by the no it ' s the temperature south side exactly this is the south side it ' s a it ' s it gets a lot more sun it ' s a might too hot that ' s right yes i ' d describe this tepid
53. it so yeah would i sacrifice certain other aspects of myself just for human contact? no i don ' t think i would mm but then i don ' t know you know so how are you doing temperature wise? i ' m okay blast it up a little bit? i ' m alright good yeah no it ' s interesting and i did think as well when that was i thoi thought over christmas maybe
54. people yeah brilliant have you seen do it? no no no i haven ' t oh my god yeah did of all people who ' s it for? hang on was up through the night with a temperature and hallucinating oh no so she ' s not sure if she can make it round oh? yeah i didn ' t think she was coming round anyway well i spoke to her and she said she
60. the erm i can feel it coming through yeah have all come back and it ' s a long way away this light ' s gone off on the thingy does that mean it ' s reached temperature? probably but that ' s off anyway when it ' s that ' s on it probably just means it ' s reached temp no we need to make sure we keep our own towels sorry what do
61. how to put the oven on yep i ' m gonna sit on this chair cos this one ' s really wobbly is it? mm so yeah i had this massive burn up thing yeah my temperature went up and then i was like burning all the way erm all all from my hands and then all here all round my neck and i just it was like horrific what happened? why why was that
63. look how much better they are i know i know they ' re only like these bits i know i know but it was just cos i suddenly like i think if i ' d have taken my temperature it had soared
74. you reheat it make sure you reheat it on the hob for a good while yeah cos the prawns yeah a good fifteen minutes that ' s hot thanks what the temperature? hot yeah yeah i might put a bit of sugar in there yep just to thicken it up? no cos it ' s a bit hot it ' s er spicy oo chillis in
79. of like the tide you know yeah yeah yeah to me i can be up one down whatever but that ' s to me that ' s actually healthy yeah yeah yeah cos it ' s like your temperature yeah you ' re hot you ' re cold but somehow your body ' s gonna regulate it yeah yeah yeah if it ' s alright it ' s working okay and that ' s how i know if i
81. it tasting? quite nice actually can i have a spoon i mean quite nice in fact but um what if they all mean the same thing can i have a spoon? um just in there just what temperature was that it ' s quite bubbly? that was on like six or seven or something ah it is tasty and it turns out these uh these lamonas are a lot actually the what?
88. today i learnt the word for quiet and subdued that ' s good but yeah she ' s i am not sure because she has got a slight erm that slight cough mm but they took her maybe temperature and her temperature is fine right but she ' s been real she ' s been like it all day i suppose some days you do just wake in a mood like that which is yeah she is not in
89. the word for quiet and subdued that ' s good but yeah she ' s i am not sure because she has got a slight erm that slight cough mm but they took her maybe temperature and her temperature is fine right but she ' s been real she ' s been like it all day i suppose some days you do just wake in a mood like that which is yeah she is not in a bad mood
93. in the ayurvedic erm ayurvedic medicine which is sort of you know? traditional indian medicine right erm apparently during monsoon season you know? with those fluctuations in temperature and everything your immunity is supposed to be erm oh right lower so er they they just encour you know? they encourage them to eat lots of vegetarian food or non - meat food basically yeah
99. whatever like you ' re still people are still going to be bended into i ' ll show it to you when okay bebecause it ' ll be it ' ll be really taking the temperature if you know what i mean? yeah is everything? is everything hunky dory? is it very nice? yeah or or is there pockets of people who are really stressed? and pockets who
110. groups of humans homo sapiens let ' s say that survived the ice age mm but in order to do so they had to develop quite sophisticated techniques because they weren ' t built survive that kind of temperature so they started to live in caves mm and they started to migrate with the animals so like for instance they ' d follow a herd of reindeer on their natural migration because the reindeer was their source of food
111. a rhino turn in to rhino turn it to rhino horns will come out your nose it ' s em yes it ' s just the sinus basically i ' m allergic to dust air con changes in temperature like everything it ' s just stupid that ' s madness yeah it just makes me snotty it ' s a bit like hay fever okay a bit like hay fever but i haven ' t had it
134. ' t know that you know i remember you saying somewhere i still don ' t really understand it if i ' m honest um um i dunno whether it ' s just naturally your body raises its temperature or w or whether it ' s because you ' re wriggling around or or what it is cos when you ' re um i ' m freezing all night long if i if i no i
140. boost it up then obviously the electric will yeah kick in but he ' s paying that in his electric yeah yeah yeah true you know his money but i can ' t keep the house at the same temperature as they ' re keeping that oh no not in the summer as well jesus christ that home last week cos i said to him let ' s and that makes it smell even more oh the heat just
141. got that yeah he can yeah he can kick it up to that because it ' s controlled on the yeah on central heating or it ' s not controlled on the central heating so i can set my temperature at what i normally do is eighteen or nineteen erm at the weekend we normally set it at eighteen erm and that means that he can keep his room mm much warmer but it ' s it '
144. been sitting here toasting my toes tha well you still haven ' t taken off your outdoor jacket no or your roll neck no i ' ve got three sweaters on oh that ' s your body temperature yeah unlike mine two two cashmere and and this which is gosh i would be very sweaty in that yeah i mean i ' m not the least mm i ' m i ' m very comfortable but
146. okay? mm okay? that ' s really nice thank you yeah thank you very much mm ooh ah thanks thank you thank you ha it ' s really funny um ooh that ' s perfect temperature it sounds it it it ' s really nice well we can always get a second bottle um it would be really funny if there wa um if s cos you know there was a few and he said
154. factory in somewhere you ' re very sceptical aren ' t you? i ' m sceptical of people that don ' t that say things like aapproximately the same temperature warehouse roughly it ' ll be alright don ' t you worry mate it ' ll be alright that ' s not really scottish accent is it? seven forty - two jack the lad is on the case what
157. all exempt oh why they were 0845 or something? yeah they were all exempt so it just oh right works out just as well for us to just ring on the mobile can you read that? temperature and time er cook for eighteen to twenty minutes yeah er what ' s do you want temperature? yeah gas mark six two er two hundred degrees gas mark gas mark so even you six struggle to read these
158. just oh right works out just as well for us to just ring on the mobile can you read that? temperature and time er cook for eighteen to twenty minutes yeah er what ' s do you want temperature? yeah gas mark six two er two hundred degrees gas mark gas mark so even you six struggle to read these things cos it ' s crumpled why do they do that? it ' s crumpled and
160. he said he said to me i feel really ill and i was like oh suck it up come on don ' t be such a baby you ' re alright oh you maybe got a bit of a temperature and i can ' t i i think i might have sort of put my hand on the on his forehead like this you might be a bit warm but i said you ' re alright don ' t be
166. and teaching them you know how d ' you tell the difference between erm ivory and you know fake plasticky stuff and whatever by eye can you? you know yeah yeah yeah actually it ' s temperature a lot of the time right things like that and here ' s you know real tiger skin and here ' s some fakes yeah and stuff like that yeah from various seizures and things yeah yeah so they
167. got u any old pretty much any bean can uh sprout i think as long as as long as they ' re intact well you ' d be surprised well i i think it ' s the temperature partly yeah i know i wonder if i should bring them in um and what i would maybe experiment with is just to get a little uh one of our little bowls and then you know a bit of water
169. on the on the dial at the top sort of twelve eleven o ' clock on the dial there ' s like a red flame symbol oh right oh i don ' t know on the dial on the temperature dial? i hadn ' t noticed i i thought you said that we weren ' t supposed to go past the flame we ' re not supposed to go past that little mark have you seen the little like
178. than tomatoes and peppers their relatives uh but that ' s funny because for us the tomatoes grew really fast and the toma and the peppers grew really slow last year so um maybe it ' s a temperature thing start them off with some heat and then either transplant out um or grow in a greenhouse um where ' s the cheese? is it still in my bag? probably yes it was well they got one
179. plughole in the bath yuck and then she just they ' re just really inconsiderate i ' m not touching it like i was in the shower yesterday and we all know the water temperature is very temperamental you like you know not to mm shower when the washing machine ' s on for example yeah she bangs into the toilet uses the toilet when you can hear that someone ' s in the
182. took about thirty seconds to a minute so you kn but you know you can you can hold it there they ' re not bothered when yeah yeah yeah and then when it beeped you just read the temperature on it and that was it mm think like that should be more no i thought that was ridiculous i didn ' t ask because i had a handful of things and there was a lot people at the que
183. plumber was like yeah your shower ' s like an antique it ' s like it ' s so weird it ' s like got these strings that you have to pull to adjust the er wa the temperature it ' s weird you should have it checked and that it ' s three hundred pounds is it? how do you know? looked it up cos we saw that shower and we were like oh we

Cluster 3
4. and the house was over a hundred years old now do you know how to actually work this thing? five minutes a hundred and forty degrees how high does it go? jesus right you can choose the temperature yeah it ' s the proper one it ' s two hundred is that too high? what temperature are you putting it up to? i don ' t know is it coming on? i don ' t
5. ? five minutes a hundred and forty degrees how high does it go? jesus right you can choose the temperature yeah it ' s the proper one it ' s two hundred is that too high? what temperature are you putting it up to? i don ' t know is it coming on? i don ' t want to forget that that ' s do you get me? yeah and we ' re going to
7. fried the sausages they ' d be alright like that we could have all for five six minutes it doesn ' t take to fry sausages ten minutes it ' s true once it ' s at temperature though i don ' t know how hot it was originally but look at look how slow this one is er the fat ' s starting to come out yeah look how slow this is shall i shut this window
8. down i guess it ' s going to get really hot isn ' t it we won ' t be able to change yeah they are quite big sausages even try and push it down yeah turn the temperature up maybe we ' ll whack it up two hundred and fifteen that will cook them you can smell it oh we haven ' t showered yet have we that ' s good no no of course we
9. produce is frozen then? i don ' t know how does? well it goes in the refrigerator lorry things that are i don ' t know maybe maybe not frozen just kept at this happy cool temperature that ' s quite quite cool mm just so er it preserves the food for as long as possible until it reaches your destination or still i think really i don ' t really like apples i think we were
15. or as hard as you like depending on how you feel on the night mm depending on how cold the water is oo brr and lately they ' ve had trouble with the boiler and it the temperature of the water was definitely down and then the bul the boiler bust completely so it was out of commission the pool was out of commission for a couple of days oh dear yep not good and the spa
17. it ' d be stored horizontally really? mm much better not like some guy saying oh yeah we have a warehouse we ' ve got a warehouse it ' s it ' s roughly the right the same temperature it and we ' ll wrap it up we ' ll wrap it up in cellophane it ' s all fine no i think you ' re that ' s cool isn ' t it? dad was
20. was and poor old he ' s sort of tried to lay asphalt as you you know sort of like not really the best way of laying it that ' s it and it had to be the right temperature so you ' d push it all the time yeah instead of using gravity well not gravity but movement yeah if you heat the stuff up to the right temperature and you continually pour it back on that ' ll
21. s it and it had to be the right temperature so you ' d push it all the time yeah instead of using gravity well not gravity but movement yeah if you heat the stuff up to the right temperature and you continually pour it back on that ' ll that ' ll always run forward always keep running forward oh dear and so you and used to need the least amount of work to level it then yeah and
23. ' s all auto like all the lights it will it will dim and the lights and the windscreen wipers are auto and you can tell it like i ' d like the car to be this temperature and it will set the temperature for you what else can you make it do? you can make it do quite a lot you can make it phone people like er you know er you can make it you
24. the lights it will it will dim and the lights and the windscreen wipers are auto and you can tell it like i ' d like the car to be this temperature and it will set the temperature for you what else can you make it do? you can make it do quite a lot you can make it phone people like er you know er you can make it you can put it onto auto like
25. immune system yeah you know yes it gets low that ' s why you get things and was i reading something about it ' s you get colds because of there ' s a decrease or increase in temperature in your nostrils oh right mm yeah yeah and that lets things come in more than other things yeah so at certain temperature he ' s had a cold nose lately i said to you hadn ' t i there
26. ' s you get colds because of there ' s a decrease or increase in temperature in your nostrils oh right mm yeah yeah and that lets things come in more than other things yeah so at certain temperature he ' s had a cold nose lately i said to you hadn ' t i there ' s quite a few peop nice hey dogs have cold noses and they ' re healthy so your beer ' s
38. good enough to tell you people ride everywhere without leathers don ' t they? yeah but can you imagine leathers in this this temperature? yeah but can you imagine having no skin left in this temperature? okay leathers don ' t protect you from everything have you seen your grandad ' s scar? yeah on his shoulder tore through his leathers didn ' t it? goes through yeah it certainly
51. it ' s like a hu three hundred and twenty days of rain really? a year oh dear we ' re talking a wet place no you ' re probably right in term of temperature yeah yeah no temperature no and also the thing is erm the gulf stream goes i think it goes south of britain and then it goes up towards erm scandinavia and that ' s the only reason that it ' s even
55. ##eptical just told i ' m busy and i ' m popping out his bottom lip went and said don ' t go mummy ah you should stay with me cos i ' ve got a high temperature talk about guilt i want to come and see but working all day tuesday and wednesday just tell her say that i ' ll be up erm i ' m gonna be back in er within the next month
56. cup unfortunately no? well there ' s one here perfect we ' ll have er someone ' s birthday daily news yeah one of those all i know about bacteria is that they need time and the right temperature this is probably the right temperature for bacteria to grow now mm so if i left it in there for a while and then there ' d be enough time for it to devel i th i don '
57. ' s one here perfect we ' ll have er someone ' s birthday daily news yeah one of those all i know about bacteria is that they need time and the right temperature this is probably the right temperature for bacteria to grow now mm so if i left it in there for a while and then there ' d be enough time for it to devel i th i don ' t think it ' s f
58. my god did you see that? yeah i did see it i can ' t believe i did that no i know but there you go quickly how ' s? he ' s alright just a high temperature and whatever hallucinating did you say? yeah when he gets a high temperature he hallucinates in the night we used to hallucinate do you remember? we did? you did? i
59. believe i did that no i know but there you go quickly how ' s? he ' s alright just a high temperature and whatever hallucinating did you say? yeah when he gets a high temperature he hallucinates in the night we used to hallucinate do you remember? we did? you did? i did and you did? i swear mum use to tell us that yeah you did
62. m gonna go and get the pizza out and that ' s when i was like burning up so i don ' t know and i couldn ' t well find the thermo the the whatever the temperature thing thermometer thermometer because i couldn ' t i thermo - mometer cos when you said are you ' re burning up i ' ll come round why? and i was
64. machine what just a little cold? it ' s for a table cloth call it a teflon coated table cloth oh right and they well you can wash it normal but they they said what what temperature is it? quite good in the cold wash what t what cold as in thirty degrees? just cold water yeah yeah just for fifteen minutes yeah yeah never never tried it before so mm it ' s alright
65. ' ve no idea what i don ' t know what you ' re talking about what ' s brown devil? it ' s it ' s water mm mm water water mm mm water raised to a temperature above negative fifty degrees talk to me in english just tell me straight what you ' re talking about what? alright chocolate ice cream thank you erm for everything with it ' s not so much what it
66. my birthday and the cooker was? oh my god why did it do that? that was so annoying it just started and then it the poor li our cooker when it got to a certain temperature for a while started doing this absolutely insane rattle death rattle mm and had a was it a dinner party? no it was like a school dinner who was here? oh it was just? think so yeah
68. in this room is like i dunno fucking are you having a hot flush like me? grow pineapples in here it ' s erm twenty - two degrees yeah at least so like room temperature? mm? so like room temperature? so loud can you hear that? that is so loud here ' s that thing can you put that home? yeah i love it i really really enjoy it i
69. ##o fucking are you having a hot flush like me? grow pineapples in here it ' s erm twenty - two degrees yeah at least so like room temperature? mm? so like room temperature? so loud can you hear that? that is so loud here ' s that thing can you put that home? yeah i love it i really really enjoy it i can ' t understand why they just
72. t w i definitely don ' t want it you eat it are you sure? definitely yeah thanks love to prepare remove prawns from packaging arrange on a plate or similar defrost at room temperature for about two to three hours yeah you see you ' re just cooling them of room temperature under a tap which is fine huh cos i am a culinary genius so er i mean this really but is
73. thanks love to prepare remove prawns from packaging arrange on a plate or similar defrost at room temperature for about two to three hours yeah you see you ' re just cooling them of room temperature under a tap which is fine huh cos i am a culinary genius so er i mean this really but is just a walk in the park for me i mean i do this every three times a day
75. ' s not a very talkative chap he ' s straight in a cocktail do you not do you have to clean them again? oh yeah do you? they have to be dead at room temperature if you ' re doing a prawn cocktail uh prawns are really really dangerous really dangerous in that case i might just have to eat all the prawns you have to er yeah i
76. prawns are really really dangerous really dangerous in that case i might just have to eat all the prawns you have to er yeah i probably wouldn ' t ever make them myself at room temperature like i wouldn ' t ever make a prawn cocktail just in case i might kill myself no as long er as long as you if you wash them under the tap for a good ten minutes they
77. defrost and then just rinse them under the water and they ' re done you can eat them like that mm okay hm that ' s good but you you have to keep them at room temperature pretty much mm pretty much just washes all the shit off mm and it doesn ' t give the bacteria you have to eat them right there and then a chance to grow is prawn good for
78. just if you were wondering oh okay yeah was it worth it though? yeah it does smell really that ' s like a work - out as well cos obviously it ' s like raising your body temperature so yeah that ' s what i ' m doing now i ' m working out on all my curry you are right now and you were cooking as well so you know that counts er technically that ' s
82. for curdling haven ' t you with yoghurt i put it in before and it didn ' t do that though but that ' s uh you put put it in probably at a low temperature oh right well just leave it uh towards the end and then i ' ll put some chilli in right uh a couple of these yeah we should go to the spice man and buy some more some co
83. it ' s cold mm so i will come down and tip a bit out and top it up with a bit of boiling water and then put it in yeah so it ' s the right sort of temperature i mean i know i shouldn ' t do that but well he seems to be fine and like if it ' s like say he sleeps till three and it is cold but it ' s not been cold
87. the top of your mouth? er well the it christmas pudding yeah it would have that cos it ' s sort of suet isn ' t it i mean it would have depending probably on the temperature that he ate it er but i think you ' re supposed to mix it with other stuff like other pr what do you mean? the you know the sauces the custard then that would take
96. t get them done in thai wasn ' t it? or hong kong or somewhere apparently you can get them done but they don ' t recommend it mm because they say they don ' t know what temperature that they store the vaccines at oh that and they ' re not i knew there was something they ' re not convinced that she wasn ' t it ' s stored at the right temperature so they don '
97. t know what temperature that they store the vaccines at oh that and they ' re not i knew there was something they ' re not convinced that she wasn ' t it ' s stored at the right temperature so they don ' t recommend you get it so she ' s had it done here so i dunno which ones wasn ' t entirely sure either but didn ' t go again oh did she not go
98. expectation of survi that mu that ' s like that ' s probably gone off the curve isn ' t it? so accelerated a lot god four and a half million years ago the earth ' s temperature exceeded the melting point of iron which is why all the iron turned into liquid flowed to the centre of the planet heated into lighter elements such as and then formed a sort of mantle crust i know it '
101. a nice case it ' s a hard case so and it ' s not the top notch one as in you can get ones which are sort of it ' s a proper proper seal so the the temperature doesn ' t change and a thermos for your guitar cos it ' s er the temperature changes affect the strings and stuff but i didn ' t need anything like that so it ' s just
102. in you can get ones which are sort of it ' s a proper proper seal so the the temperature doesn ' t change and a thermos for your guitar cos it ' s er the temperature changes affect the strings and stuff but i didn ' t need anything like that so it ' s just um well surely that way you ' d just get it actively temperature controlled you could put in a mm
103. ##s it ' s er the temperature changes affect the strings and stuff but i didn ' t need anything like that so it ' s just um well surely that way you ' d just get it actively temperature controlled you could put in a mm heat pump mm which would you you can probably get them mm um you can get some really nice kit but yeah you can probably get a humidity control as well mm well
105. that does tablet use any form any form of milk in it? uhu yes i mean the recipe ' s very mm erm it ' s the same as fudge it ' s just the temperature and it ' s just you you take it up to it ' s harder a little bit er mm a a little bit higher in temperature er i knew when i was beating this that i hadn ' t
106. ' s the same as fudge it ' s just the temperature and it ' s just you you take it up to it ' s harder a little bit er mm a a little bit higher in temperature er i knew when i was beating this that i hadn ' t quite taken it to where it should go but actually if you leave it exposed it does actually harden up dry out a little bit yeah mm
108. m not sure if you could tell the difference between a wine that ' s breathed and one that hasn ' t but well with red it helps as well because it helps to bring it up to room temperature alright yeah eh cos you get a bit of eh that ' s been been here about an hour anyway so hour or so yeah here we go there was a text from em okay the choir have sung
112. in my mum ' s classroom at eight o ' clock on friday morning she was not happy if your boiler breaks does that mean you seven? seven degrees in the classroom it ' s not exactly legal temperature ah yeah yeah that is illegal that ' s not legal definitely i ' d say are you sure you ' re just going to end up very very cold that ' s why saturday got cancelled in during january
115. for that oh it would be so great if someone smartens that house up though oh yeah that door is horrible right the soup ' s ready we ' ll just let it get to a more reasonable temperature the you have a seat dear you know the number of houses that are for sale here for half a million in the area an amazing number of them mm are are they going are they though? er no
117. ' ve finished cooking to cool it ' s a pain but er that ' s what i mean cos i just turned it down but it ' ll be a while before it actually gets to that temperature yeah oh no but it is actually fairly responsive to that you reckon? yeah well it ' ll depend if you ' ve got something sitting on it or not i guess well sort of um using sort of
118. ? yeah well it ' ll depend if you ' ve got something sitting on it or not i guess well sort of um using sort of heat transfer the er rate of heat transfer is proportional to the temperature difference so it cools like from high to medium it cools pretty quickly but it takes a long time to finally stop oh um cool that ' s quite a lot of oil oh it ' ll be
121. enor encourage mm you know air bubbles to form mm but you were telling me that it didn ' t really matter today what erm the tem i sh didn ' t need to alter the temperature of the oven definitely not to bake to bake a different size cake? to bake to bake the cake no no although not just remember though although not usually listed as an ingredient air can
122. in ' s oven in france and i couldn ' t it was quite murky and i and i didn ' t have my glasses and i couldn ' t actually properly read what i ' d what temperature i ' d set it on but the temperature is important but actually i i think that i cooked it on the grill it was good wasn ' t it? remember it was the orange yes it was delicious
123. ' t it was quite murky and i and i didn ' t have my glasses and i couldn ' t actually properly read what i ' d what temperature i ' d set it on but the temperature is important but actually i i think that i cooked it on the grill it was good wasn ' t it? remember it was the orange yes it was delicious it was really wonderful and and i made i
132. t have them i know and it is quite a bother every now and again you ' ve got to completely clean out their their erm cage and you ' ve got to keep it at a certain temperature if you want more exotic fish and that kind of thing does seem like a bit of a faff if i found a fish that was really cool like just so cool and just really wanted to have one
133. s in mm it ' s this with this rice you have to move it cos it ' s very difficult kind of to once it boils you ' ve got to move it onto a lower temperature oh okay er so how do i do that? do i just go like and then move it back? well it doesn ' t really work very well on this oven that ' s why i really don
135. really hungover and you start your period? that is an absolute killer cos you feel like you wanna kill yourself cos er when you ' re you start your period your body is raises the temperature yeah by one degree and when you ' re hungover your body is raised temperature still don ' t notice it that bad oh it ' s so so so bad uh just a pain yeah i still don
136. you feel like you wanna kill yourself cos er when you ' re you start your period your body is raises the temperature yeah by one degree and when you ' re hungover your body is raised temperature still don ' t notice it that bad oh it ' s so so so bad uh just a pain yeah i still don ' t notice it that bad actually that ' s a lie when i was in
137. showed you the lettuce seeds have i? but they ' re all old very hit and miss if they come up mm mm it ' s lettuce seed if it goes above a certain temperature it won ' t germinate for the next week oh right mm it ' ll only germinate if it ' s going to be cool cos it knows it ' s going to be moist
138. s bought a a erm beer cooler you know that you put the cans in yeah yeah little fridge beer fridge yeah and they go in that for winter oh right because it keeps them at the right temperature yeah and it doesn ' t go up and then her husband ' s allowed to use it in the summer for his beer right mm good idea nice job then isn ' t it really? mm going round
139. s one of life ' s gigglers oh god another you know and i ' ve never spoken to a doctor about that because on my notes it says like exercise induced or temp er change in temperature induced asthma yeah so if it ' s like er hot building with central heating to outside uhu i just go oh fuck i can ' t do that oh god can ' t breathe and if i do
142. from thirt well by a hundred percent the instructions on the label said thirty minutes per five hundred grams plus half an hour erm nigel slater cookery book said fifteen minutes mm at the same temperature? yeah uhu plus erm twenty minutes that ' s it ' s yeah well the one is doing a sharp roast but well with a a maybe red interior sort of thing maybe one ' s being
143. eat by the optician well it ' s got crispy bacon and mustard seeds mm the carrots are nice mm the whole thing is nice darling so how long did that leg get? at what temperature? one hour forty - five uhu about nine gas mark nine for the first twenty minutes then down to five right so that starts off at what? nine so you ' re talking about two sort of
150. nothing and is it packed on it flat or on its side? yes so it it er so that would be stored in the same place he said we it ' s a warehouse at a reasonably constant temperature reasonably no dad no this is the problem reasonably is not the word you ' re talking you ' re talking you want an air - conditioned not only that de dehumidified well i think environment de
151. what he means by that yeah and you know erm well he means that there ' s no there ' s no thermostat that they ' re putting in there keeping it at a constant temperature that that sounds dodgy to me but at but you ' d want to know wouldn ' t you if you ' re storing your furniture for a long time yeah and your piano mm you know if he
152. know wouldn ' t you if you ' re storing your furniture for a long time yeah and your piano mm you know if he ' s saying a reasonably constant that that ' s fair enough but what temperature is it? how is the how is it controlled? yeah yeah what is the temperature and erm and is there a damp issue? is is there you know i mean you ' re talking about six
153. and your piano mm you know if he ' s saying a reasonably constant that that ' s fair enough but what temperature is it? how is the how is it controlled? yeah yeah what is the temperature and erm and is there a damp issue? is is there you know i mean you ' re talking about six months potentially that ' s a long time that ' s right yeah so you know anyway
159. ##d doing that and thought no i can ' t make caramel mm but i ' m er i ' m sure you know if you set your mind to it it ' s getting it the right temperature isn ' t it? yeah mm and then working it and using it then mm yeah i wouldn ' t even know where to start on anything like that no i ' d like to though maybe i '
161. that area you ' re frozen because someone else is warm but they can ' t put them all up because then people start moaning and saying it ' s too hot so they have they have an agreed temperature but that is really cold so most of us are sat there and i i bought a drink in once that was warm i hadn ' t a sip yet put it on my desk about half an hour later
168. is sufficient it ' s got a wood burner and that ' s the only heating er water is alright the shower has a boiler where you don ' t touch a thing don ' t change the temperature do nothing and you should get warm water right erm that ' s funny yeah it is and then you sort of look out there ' s like a bit of a clearing and they ' ve got horses
170. uh i mean i could i don ' t like the idea of the boiler just like blasting away and then well no i don ' t mean turn it really high i just mean just recording what the temperature is in the room yeah if we did but actually i had i hadn ' t set that one on the right temperature though cos the room was a the rooms are all programmed according to a reasonably complicated
171. i don ' t mean turn it really high i just mean just recording what the temperature is in the room yeah if we did but actually i had i hadn ' t set that one on the right temperature though cos the room was a the rooms are all programmed according to a reasonably complicated system actually where you i ju aha yeah i know there ' s so many options each we ' ve got three
173. this is tuesday? this is the well all week yeah we have oh sorry when your grandma and i are going can i just see what drink wants? would you like a cold white or a room temperature red? or not quite cold rose? what ' s already opened? oh it doesn ' t matter because yes it does you tell me because at the weekend we will drink two bottles of wine well i
174. crumpets they were too thick weren ' t they they didn ' t they were too yeasty well i i don ' t think she cooked them for long enough or she cooked them too high temperature or something like that she fried them yeah i think she should have grilled them but i don ' t know anyway she fried them? yeah well it gave i don ' t know it gave her a
176. process to extract it it ' s not easy they have to put it in these low pressure cookers and that extracts the sugar somehow with water don ' t c oh boils at a very funny temperature very low temperature i suppose oh mm you find it? yes i have yeah that ' s what you want to says it ' s easy to grow outside with minimal care oh oh well that ' s what
177. it it ' s not easy they have to put it in these low pressure cookers and that extracts the sugar somehow with water don ' t c oh boils at a very funny temperature very low temperature i suppose oh mm you find it? yes i have yeah that ' s what you want to says it ' s easy to grow outside with minimal care oh oh well that ' s what you need have
181. that ' s er that ' s why i get like like it just has to be cold and i like it like mm if it ' s if it ' s like warmish like the like room temperature it ' s no no i like erm oh oh that ' s like calpol disgusting why is the? it ' s flour on the er erm macaroni but i it just does that

