Cluster 1
1. wow it ' s a beast total beast it ' s a it ' s a delight oh i ' m so excited that ' s not serving it then it has all the essential food groups we have protein and carbs and spices and fruits and veg fruits and veg? what fruits have you got in there? tomato tomato oh okay i ' ll let you have that then still not turning fine so
3. not really strict but i ' m i ' m definitely eating okay i just want to gain a bit of muscle so i ' m actually eating quite a lot more mm but eating more healthy rather than protein and that so what what stuff what what have you cooked? you did the ginger beef what else did you do? erm i don ' t know if you ' ve heard of him but there '
4. he calls it so it ' s fifteen minute meals that are quite lean oh not to only fifteen which has been and gone so yes lean in fifth so he does fifteen minute meals yeah he just mainly protein er not even to mainly protein just just low fa yeah low fat low fat decent meals that you can just whack them you know oh right cook them up in fifteen minutes which is quite good oh
8. having enough time to eat a banana? change your job but yeah it ' s only on mondays that this is a problem ah erm where i do six hours flat out mm can you take a protein shake? have you got something with a screw top lid? yeah i have and i used to do do that in as well yeah but it ' s just not enough erm i think with that kind
9. the whole chicken we do eat the whole chicken yeah yeah well done you don ' t need any carbs cos you ate half a chicken that ' s fine that ' s good that ' s protein we ate half a chicken yeah and cabbage and cabbage and broccoli broccoli so it was a very healthy dinner apart from the and ice - cream yeah ah la la la la yeah la la
10. dinner apart from the and ice - cream yeah ah la la la la yeah la la la la la here this is some information for you just os you know broadcast getting ready yeah just so you know protein you you for every two grams of protein you know your body weight? right okay for every kilo of your body weight right you can absorb two grams of protein every two hours yeah? so just just
16. get through the water i thought you were gonna say they were powered by farts rather than like there would ' ve been an element of that flatulence a lot of people eating a lot of protein and carbohydrates to get through the race and like apparently what you could do suddenly relaxing er nice er er oh er it was good though mm it was very relaxing well horse poo it
18. well also yeah i can ' t get much bigger it ' s kind of sad doesn ' t matter how much i work out this is just about as big as i get i don ' t eat protein shakes or anything i don ' t i guess i just ate more probably this is just my natural build yeah but like when we ' re travelling a lot i wasn ' t really eating that much and i
19. ' t even a lot of chicken on it and like come on that ' s the really annoying thing isn ' t it? like when you order something and you actually have to like hunt out the protein uhu it ' s like this is supposed to be i had what did i have? i had a goat ' s cheese in quinoa salad the other week uhu it was a really a
23. i ' m fucked and it ' s the started a little bit up there but i had a one of my green drinks this morning erm just got to up my intake of green vegetables stick to protein leave out the erm whatsits and the er carbs? carbs yeah ah so does exercise help your arm at all? it would yeah that would help me out? maybe i noticed you
25. them in the leisure centre in the vending machine mm well i never just like sugar i think they still sell them they sell them in erm decathlon like in the next to all the like protein bars and stuff and you would really just have a burst yeah and if you run a ten k or yeah if you ' re in a ten k race i hate those gels they give you a horrible
26. don ' t i like the sour cream ones god i had porridge at like two o ' clock oh porridge yeah well it ' s easy to eat right now i bought this new thing called protein porridge nicest tasting thing ever it ' s it ' s good for you i dislike the of porridge porridge with golden syrup in it ' s nice no protein porridge i have porridge
28. salads i don ' t even like it but it ' s tres mediterranean silly weevils weevils? any weevils? mm sadly no i need some must try harder need some protein must try harder to grow the weevils because of the that one requires weevils onions yeah on the way the wrinkles? yeah i don ' t believe you ' ve got wrinkles yeah
29. little flavour and then olive oil yum so that wasn ' t bad really awesome that wasn ' t too bad for you was it? no i think dan ' s regime is going to be high protein if that ' s what it ' s going to be about which is fine hmm like he tried to make me a protein shake earlier and i was like i don ' t really like drinking hmm just bare
30. was it? no i think dan ' s regime is going to be high protein if that ' s what it ' s going to be about which is fine hmm like he tried to make me a protein shake earlier and i was like i don ' t really like drinking hmm just bare that in mind when you ' re creating this diet plan for me and he said no we ' ll sit down and you
31. if you can make me a diet out of fish fingers and sandwiches fish fingers and sandwiches that would be fab i ' m not feeling very confident hmm i think i ' m going to start my protein shakes again i ' ve still got loads of them so i suppose and they are really good to have before the gym aren ' t they? cos they do give you that energy boost and then you
32. she didn ' t need to be eating yeah yeah calorie wise and then now she can control her calories and then she can eat normally yeah you know she has had to have all those protein drinks and whatnot because you do have to have that if you need to lose weight quickly there ' s just no way around it yeah yeah no otherwise you ' re not eating anything no but the things
41. just like not going yeah that looks really tasty it ' s like cos i don ' t like just plain tofu it ' s boring if you have like stuff in it it ' s protein and it ' s nice so did you like have quorn instead of meat or do you just have vegetables and stuff? i have quorn beans try to buy tofu now vegetarian sausages occasionally er
42. them you would that ' s exactly what you would say i wouldn ' t pay a hundred pounds for those do you want some soup? no thank you i think this is gonna be quite a heavy protein carb fulfilment but get a glass and have some wine i ' m just gonna go and find the can i go? mm hm i ' m just gonna go and find the em the
43. intensively done aquaculture oh and grown mussels and oysters oh on just little rafts okay floating on the sea but the turnover is phenomenal like so if you just wanted to produce protein you could could you? you could in a very small body of seawater oh so yeah yeah i kind of feel like we ' ll never reach carrying capacity and it ' s nonsense to only talk about
44. and barrett but i bet they ' re really expensive mm oh capsule six ninety - five oh is that on the first one jurassic retailers limited? yeah i know yeah mate saving provide six percent carbs protein ingredients oh it says it increases your energy levels yeah apparently but it says here it contains erm glucosinolates which may reduce your production of thyroid hormone which would decrease your energy yeah but isn
45. it is tasty though it ' s nice that mm they ' re good for you yeah i eat quite a bit of chickpeas they ' re cheap so it ' s a good source of protein yeah we only have chickpeas once a week yeah you can ' t eat them too much can you? cos i probably have it like three times a week maybe four times maybe and they just
46. like it i can have it every night want some chicken breast in there? but then i might have it it ' s do you not have your last supper and just try it next time? the protein up yeah no i ' m listening to ' s telling me put the protein up and put some chicken in there as well is that really bad to eat? it stops you snacking yeah it is yeah
47. but then i might have it it ' s do you not have your last supper and just try it next time? the protein up yeah no i ' m listening to ' s telling me put the protein up and put some chicken in there as well is that really bad to eat? it stops you snacking yeah it is yeah cos i ' m just looking at that and i i can ' t
48. takes you all your life to grate that much cheese yeah but then you get exercise and it makes it look like a bigger pile and you ' ve grate your fingers yes but that ' s protein can you not get an automatic cheese grater? it ' s probably five sins in there the best cheese grater i ever had was a sieve well that ' s sounds like a brilliant idea if
51. your time babe you have no intention no oh so much for you ' ve got one for in the morning mm they ' re nice aren ' t they? mm good for you as well high in protein what do all the lads say? yeah? yeah yeah? yeah all got the same opinion as you? yeah every single one? yeah me and and erm the next most and they agree they think
53. finish the run and be like i really enjoyed that exactly yeah i would like to do that again rather than er that killed me exactly yeah so wow mm what is going on at the bottom of your protein shaker? how many tablets do you have to take? that no they ' re just tablet like so when i erm eat something with like fat or calories in it oh yeah i need to
54. calories in it oh yeah i need to take those otherwise my body doesn ' t digest it okay it ' s just like pointless but yeah and i ' m i wouldn ' t normally have a protein shake after yeah fifteen minutes of cardio and foam rolling but erm i ' m genuinely more er like food yeah cos i i had erm this morning obviously after doing like weights and things yeah
55. ? cereal cereal come on now just just just cereal that that that ' s my like every day i ha like i have at least some cereal mm erm and then i have loads and loads of protein stuff yeah erm and yeah tr like i ' ve slowly over the last like two months yeah got my diet a lot lot better to what i was have you? so what do you eat now like
56. do you eat now like? so i eat a lot of chicken so much chicken erm so much chicken erm fish love fish erm trying to think what else? yeah i kind of make protein pudding things so yeah i put protein ppowder and add like almond milk and erm like green shit and say if you like whisk it for ages it expands yeah so that ' s what
57. i eat a lot of chicken so much chicken erm so much chicken erm fish love fish erm trying to think what else? yeah i kind of make protein pudding things so yeah i put protein ppowder and add like almond milk and erm like green shit and say if you like whisk it for ages it expands yeah so that ' s what i like the volume of it it
58. what i like the volume of it it fills up your stomach as well yeah and it feels like yeah you ' ve just eaten a whole tub of ice cream but it ' s not it ' s protein with i do that for a i think that ' s what we were talking about before you went to get a drink for breakfast what i started doing is like erm protein powder like natural yoghurt
72. of like breads and carbs and stuff meat even a smaller amount of pro proteins and a tiny amount of fats beans cos you need fats obviously to break down stuff lentils yeah protein foods but the majority of diets should be fruit and veg yeah the thing is as well with like those kind of for the average person like fasting diets as well is the psychology behind them
74. let alone put it in my mouth no i i couldn ' t urgh and of course by the time i looked in his mouth there was nothing to be seen urgh it ' s all extra protein yes i know urgh strange boy didn ' t he eat a a bulb off a lamp or something? oh yes dismantled a back lamp on somebody ' s bicycle took the bulb out and swallowed it and
75. see if he ' ll eat some plus i ' ve put the jalapenos out just in case you wanted any yeah oh you like them do you? good cos you need to eat protein young man you ' ve learnt about all the food groups i suppose have you? yeah mm mm mm we i should probably put some peas in that to be honest sorry? i should probably put some peas
76. vile it was she was her eyes were watering it was like mouldy cheese i was crying i was like it is because i ' ve just gone back onto a diet which is like basically like protein shakes oh my god and when i don ' t drink a lot of water my shits stink because yeah it ' s just protein yeah and like s cos i just changed onto it she caught it
78. ##idn ' t think it smelt and i took a big breath and just hit the back of my throat i was like er you have my poo particles in your mouth oh oh well extra protein even our sofa there is no way we can ever not be friends i know because we know so much about each other that we ' d bring each other down yeah yeah yeah if we ever fell out we
86. and vegetables but he doesn ' t eat a lot of protein mm and i think that ' s where he ' s going wrong i ' m not being funny but yeah he needs more protein i love protein so do i but you know he i i ' ve got these little pie dishes some yeah individual pie dishes and we could make in i could make individual pies six yeah six individual pies or whatever
87. dry i ' m not supposed to have i ' m not i ' m not supposed to have any cheese no? cos basically it ' s a salad and this and then there ' s no protein or you can have this rice and beans very very healthy it ' s oh right a cleanse called kitchari oh right which erm but it ' s quite bland it ' s just a good
88. ##an cheese because you know it was a bit too heavy mm but otherwise i think it could be really cheap because just green peas and broccoli yeah i guess i guess it ' s getting the protein source in yeah pulses yeah i do get really bored mm of i get bored of them very quickly and then i and then i have i feel like i ' ve got a dietary erm imbalance yeah
89. s really expensive but other than that it ' s a really great recipe i ' m not very eggy though no no no no no no i know eggs are good cos they ' re cheap protein ppapaella is doesn ' t have any eggs in it oh paella paella but the oh the vegetarian paella with olives oh it ' s just rice and what? rice and vegetables yeah
90. mint sauce sandwiches actually tomorrow is whatever sandwiches you fancy there ' s quite a few different things um i really need some vegetables yes you do no that ' s all you ' re having you need your protein uh i ' m sorry you been talking to again he ' s got on a strict diet of bum exercises fair enough well it was better before we introduced the bondage yeah it ' s w that was
91. never knew that before mm to to for eggs to be one of the last things that you introduce when their stomachs are a bit more developed maybe it takes more digestion to maybe yeah to process protein what does it say about meat? meat oh oh oh meat was included in you know from very near the beginning but it starts off with fruits and mhm vegetable really what kind of meat does it suggest
92. now i have to leave this on my plate i always if i have a big breakfast cos i don ' t normally eat in t ' morning normally i ' ll have like erm like a protein shake and i ' m not really a big eater like through the day it ' s normally the night time that i eat mm mm mm if i have a breakfast like this i literally can not eat again
94. do my leg ' s gonna really hurt tomorrow at the time i was like this is really gonna cane in the morning mm i ' ve had some spirulina and i ' ve had some protein and good had to put some chia seeds this morning lovely in my in my millet porridge oh that is disgusting i can ' t believe you ' re mixing all of that with millet mill
95. well i don ' t think i ' d mind those with i ' m i don ' t want the insects no i don ' t fancy the insects no although although they say there ' s more protein in insects than there is in any animal meat oh and you have to feed an animal with more protein than you can get out of it yeah so you might as well eat the vegetables then mightn '
97. this? woah done it ' s been open a long time no woah i put a teeny bit of olive oil oh you did? yeah okay they ' ve just decided that all that protein diet stuff is bullshit you know like i don ' t know i think that it isn ' t i mean it is if you want to lose weight if you just eat protein and no i can ' t
98. just decided that all that protein diet stuff is bullshit you know like i don ' t know i think that it isn ' t i mean it is if you want to lose weight if you just eat protein and no i can ' t believe and you don ' t eat any carbs you ' re gonna lose weight it ' s like the yeah yeah what was it meant to do? it was meant to
99. were like half price yeah i had loads and now i ' ve run out and so you hands off no i haven ' t been eating them recently i get them like cos they ' re for protein and stuff like that but i ' ve just been drinking more protein so they ' ve got a lot of antioxidants in them yeah it ' s so funny i had this debate with someone the
100. run out and so you hands off no i haven ' t been eating them recently i get them like cos they ' re for protein and stuff like that but i ' ve just been drinking more protein so they ' ve got a lot of antioxidants in them yeah it ' s so funny i had this debate with someone the other week they ' re having they had like a handful of blue
102. good see japan when i lived there in the schools where i worked the county council would employ a nutritionist to write menus for the entire school district broken down into how many calories how much protein enormous detail and it was mapped out months and months ahead oh yeah and that is what they produce centrally and it would come to the school and that was what you got everyone had exactly the same food and
103. miss it eh well you probably don ' t need it to be honest in the modern world eh so no you get enough nutrients elsewhere as long as you ' re eating eggs and yeah yeah getting the protein and stuff well aye intere that ' s what i have if i have a salad i have a boiled egg erm chopped up chopped up chopped up bit of tomato bit of egg cucumber bit
104. also want to help my kids to be like that yeah just know they ' ve got nothing to prove yeah and erm yeah looking forward to raising kids mm yeah do you reckon there ' s much protein in this? just protein bit of calcium is that something that that you er like were were ever interested in that erm? being nice to people? no no well i know that ' s not true
106. ##s were successfully raised oh right uhu erm which would suggest that we ' re just erm spraying all our flowers to get rid of the insects or something and they ' re not getting the protein at the time that they need it i don ' t know erm but for some reason mm they ' re not getting what they what they need erm and i had i mean the first last year
107. but what i ' ve bought is i ' ve bought two erm mint choc chips which ' ll last me like six weeks i ' ve bought all my tablets and i ' ve bought carlson protein bars and i ' ve bought this herb it ' s called herbal aloe concentrate and basically what it is is er it helps with your digestion eight which i have a problem with so i just thought
108. randomly whatever yeah and it ' s it ' s not the way to do it really you have to be consider it ' s not bad with vegetarian though because you do get you probably will get enough protein if you ' re still eating like eggs and things well it ' s like vegan that they ' re like you ' ve got to know what you ' re doing because you can like die mm so
109. about the the the fact that animals are being killed why are still eating meat now? because i don ' t know what i ' m doing i ' ll probably just en out out of like no protein yeah yeah but you ' ve had loads of time to research it scientifically and i can ' t do it at i can ' t do it at home because i can ' t i don ' t

Cluster 2
2. mean that could be why i think you know what? what? there ' s probably quite processed the sausages and the beans have definitely got sugar in them but yeah there ' s a lot of protein it ' s not carb heavy yeah it ' s not act it ' s still some sort of food is this clean? yeah yeah they ' re fine the way people just like my brother and i
21. i had it well m i had it but the my midwife was just like i think one day she just said okay that ' s like not normal yeah erm and you get sort of extra protein in the urine and sort of backache erm you know things just symptoms that aren ' t quite right blood pressure ' s really affected mm erm and so she sent me to hospital and they carried
24. do you need golden syrup on as well no contraband i need to find a bit of something i ' ve got a bit of cancer on mine oh no it ' s tasty it ' s protein mm it can ' t be good for you though cos i always feel quite sick i ' ve eaten a big bar of dairy milk one of those big ones this week yep good or over the past
40. thin there ' s a couple of girls eat it on nights on tour it ' s supposed to be good for you isn ' t it? it ' s fattening mm it ' s high protein though high energy isn ' t it? mm not for me i still wanna try a peanut and jam sandwich mm that ' s what made me wallop was it? yeah not nice your grandad had
77. ' ve just gone back onto a diet which is like basically like protein shakes oh my god and when i don ' t drink a lot of water my shits stink because yeah it ' s just protein yeah and like s cos i just changed onto it she caught it just as like it ' s so horrible i ' d just changed oh my god good timing oh i was gagging i didid
80. to wait for couscous couscous takes one and a half minutes we just want no we don ' t want any more carbs we just want the meat right we want meat we want protein we don ' t want bloody carbs okay so erm yeah meat and protein happy for that yeah no erm what ' s meat and protein? i don ' t know i don ' t know
83. did and i think that ' s what ' s gonna happen yeah i mean that ' s fine it ' s that he has smaller meals but he has better he doesn ' t eat a lot of protein and that ' s what yeah he eats a lot of oat cakes and vegetables but he doesn ' t eat a lot of protein mm and i think that ' s where he ' s going wrong i

Cluster 3
5. s fifteen minute meals that are quite lean oh not to only fifteen which has been and gone so yes lean in fifth so he does fifteen minute meals yeah he just mainly protein er not even to mainly protein just just low fa yeah low fat low fat decent meals that you can just whack them you know oh right cook them up in fifteen minutes which is quite good oh well you ' ll have to
6. ##s? cos you ' re supposed to be having pasta so you ' re certainly not gonna have some crisps mm and there ' s a balance in pasta with carbohydrates and protein and protein is in in the pancetta and the cheese and the eggs and the cheese and the eggs yeah they ' re nice so it ' s a more balanced meal mm then if i ' m
7. cos you ' re supposed to be having pasta so you ' re certainly not gonna have some crisps mm and there ' s a balance in pasta with carbohydrates and protein and protein is in in the pancetta and the cheese and the eggs and the cheese and the eggs yeah they ' re nice so it ' s a more balanced meal mm then if i ' m allowed so
11. yeah ah la la la la yeah la la la la la here this is some information for you just os you know broadcast getting ready yeah just so you know protein you you for every two grams of protein you know your body weight? right okay for every kilo of your body weight right you can absorb two grams of protein every two hours yeah? so just just say for example you can have twenty -
12. getting ready yeah just so you know protein you you for every two grams of protein you know your body weight? right okay for every kilo of your body weight right you can absorb two grams of protein every two hours yeah? so just just say for example you can have twenty - eight grams of protein? if you have seventy grams of protein after twenty - eight you ' re just going to poo
13. weight? right okay for every kilo of your body weight right you can absorb two grams of protein every two hours yeah? so just just say for example you can have twenty - eight grams of protein? if you have seventy grams of protein after twenty - eight you ' re just going to poo it out it ' s actually useless to you yeah no there ' s no point over indulging
14. of your body weight right you can absorb two grams of protein every two hours yeah? so just just say for example you can have twenty - eight grams of protein? if you have seventy grams of protein after twenty - eight you ' re just going to poo it out it ' s actually useless to you yeah no there ' s no point over indulging in protein that ' s the thing yeah
15. you have seventy grams of protein after twenty - eight you ' re just going to poo it out it ' s actually useless to you yeah no there ' s no point over indulging in protein that ' s the thing yeah there is cos it will fill you up and you just poo it out yeah yeah exactly you ' re not you ' re not storing it you ' re not storing
20. you yeah and er and a choice of crunchy butter mm yeah with a spoon and i think that ' s probably ever so naughty isn ' t it? that or is it good for you? protein mm mm mm peapeanuts are good for you aren ' t they? mm is the fat in it alright? not digestible mm? fat forty - nine point eight grams per hundred so that
27. bought this new thing called protein porridge nicest tasting thing ever it ' s it ' s good for you i dislike the of porridge porridge with golden syrup in it ' s nice no protein porridge i have porridge with nutella cos someone at uni ate my nutella i have that whey powder in there i haven ' t had porridge in ages and i haven '
50. you ' re you ' re not susceptible to genes it ' s proteins mm you ' re you ' re you ' re allergic to if you go and eat a kangaroo burger i suspect there is a protein in there that you haven ' t actually had before yeah or a fish you haven ' t had so the number of things that people are eating around the country i mean you know people don ' t peg
52. mm i think they also they also think that the switch to meat er was part of the thing that enabled the brain to get bigger yeah they said that as well because the meat is much richer in protein obviously different food yeah and then this was in africa orina the originating then they migrated very long distances cos of climate change why did he say that was? cos of the climate change cos
59. s not it ' s protein with i do that for a i think that ' s what we were talking about before you went to get a drink for breakfast what i started doing is like erm protein powder like natural yoghurt milk cinnamon banana and i blend it all up mm yeah and then put them into like those little milk bottles that you buy from like lands not what ' s it ' s
60. be soaked anyway mm but if you just put them in i ' m not a lentil fan true yeah i like lentils mm i think they ' re really good they ' re really high in protein as well mm i think you ' re biased cos of your dad lentils and meat is a winner yeah i always thought lentils were a carbohydrate source they are they ' re
61. you ' re biased cos of your dad lentils and meat is a winner yeah i always thought lentils were a carbohydrate source they are they ' re also a very good protein source like all pulses like haricot beans and kidney beans are also good protein sources for vegetarians you ' re just biased cos your dad ' s a massive lentil fan mm i p you don
62. winner yeah i always thought lentils were a carbohydrate source they are they ' re also a very good protein source like all pulses like haricot beans and kidney beans are also good protein sources for vegetarians you ' re just biased cos your dad ' s a massive lentil fan mm i p you don ' t live with any veggies do you? me? mm no
63. as well french horn pipe horn hornpipe yeah erm you get these in you get this in you get this in food and it ' s good for your body you need these things calo er protein vitamins like like vitamins but are also known as erm ' s getting cross with you you can skip if you want no we ' ll get this don ' t worry so it ' s like
64. filled out i mean cos he ' s a the gym as well and he ' s doing you know he ' s working out and stuff taking supplement stuff and eating lots of chicken and rice goodness protein protein protein yeah that ' s what he ' s doing so wow times change don ' t they? mm i ' d love it if i had a hobby i don ' t have anything i don '
65. out i mean cos he ' s a the gym as well and he ' s doing you know he ' s working out and stuff taking supplement stuff and eating lots of chicken and rice goodness protein protein protein yeah that ' s what he ' s doing so wow times change don ' t they? mm i ' d love it if i had a hobby i don ' t have anything i don ' t
66. i mean cos he ' s a the gym as well and he ' s doing you know he ' s working out and stuff taking supplement stuff and eating lots of chicken and rice goodness protein protein protein yeah that ' s what he ' s doing so wow times change don ' t they? mm i ' d love it if i had a hobby i don ' t have anything i don ' t have
67. the plate is there? beans are veg oh i don ' t know if they are by the time they come out of a tomato tin can but that ' s fine it ' s high in protein it ' s not a won ' t do it often it ' s not it ' s not a high carb meal it ' s a high protein meal no no yeah it ' s a high protein
68. that ' s fine it ' s high in protein it ' s not a won ' t do it often it ' s not it ' s not a high carb meal it ' s a high protein meal no no yeah it ' s a high protein meal eggs sausages beans not much fruit or veg there veg helps break things down in the body doesn ' t it? mm no? helps
69. it ' s not a won ' t do it often it ' s not it ' s not a high carb meal it ' s a high protein meal no no yeah it ' s a high protein meal eggs sausages beans not much fruit or veg there veg helps break things down in the body doesn ' t it? mm no? helps pass things yeah yeah fibre yeah i mean we eat
70. ' m sure it ' s fine yeah exactly well the thing is we ' ve been in countries where they eat bugs so it ' s just like can ' t be that bad yeah good source of protein bugs good source of protein yeah it ' s good stuff definitely puts you off we ' ve got our friends and like an and no way could we tell them that there were bugs in it no mm they
71. s fine yeah exactly well the thing is we ' ve been in countries where they eat bugs so it ' s just like can ' t be that bad yeah good source of protein bugs good source of protein yeah it ' s good stuff definitely puts you off we ' ve got our friends and like an and no way could we tell them that there were bugs in it no mm they ' d freak like mad
79. wow what a healthy meal that is so you will have some fruit in a mo and ham oh and ham brilliant all the all the key food groups are covered then aren ' t they? yeah fat protein carbohydrate sugar salt that ' s it doughnut that ' s it that ' s all you ' ve got chocolate so it ' d be nice if you had some vitamins and minerals
81. just want no we don ' t want any more carbs we just want the meat right we want meat we want protein we don ' t want bloody carbs okay so erm yeah meat and protein happy for that yeah no erm what ' s meat and protein? i don ' t know i don ' t know erm yeah i ' ll cut some bread but erm so what? this
82. just want the meat right we want meat we want protein we don ' t want bloody carbs okay so erm yeah meat and protein happy for that yeah no erm what ' s meat and protein? i don ' t know i don ' t know erm yeah i ' ll cut some bread but erm so what? this is moroccan oil huh? moroccan oil no it ' s not moroccan
84. meals but he has better he doesn ' t eat a lot of protein and that ' s what yeah he eats a lot of oat cakes and vegetables but he doesn ' t eat a lot of protein mm and i think that ' s where he ' s going wrong i ' m not being funny but yeah he needs more protein i love protein so do i but you know he i i ' ve got
85. oat cakes and vegetables but he doesn ' t eat a lot of protein mm and i think that ' s where he ' s going wrong i ' m not being funny but yeah he needs more protein i love protein so do i but you know he i i ' ve got these little pie dishes some yeah individual pie dishes and we could make in i could make individual pies six yeah six individual pie
93. oh i find nuts are pretty good actually yeah? they ' re good for just a continual energy cos you just like keep munching on them but they ' re pretty high in fat and protein i know but those are the things that take forever to digest and get into your blood yeah but they don ' t seem to take that long like probably if you eat then with like raisins or
96. the insects no i don ' t fancy the insects no although although they say there ' s more protein in insects than there is in any animal meat oh and you have to feed an animal with more protein than you can get out of it yeah so you might as well eat the vegetables then mightn ' t you? no mm i like to eat meat and fish i like fish better than meat i must

Cluster 4
0. off work yet? mm mm no okay that ' s fine i don ' t have to give notice really okay mm with my bookage with that oo what are you? fly it ' s protein where did this fly come from? the bottle i put it in there it ' s like in tequila where you have the worm but in this you have the fly said fly yum hm it ' s
17. no i ' m alright just want a bit of cheese or something i ' m like i might just wanna just have a nose in yeah yeah yeah well have nut roast or something if you ' re protein there ' s plenty mm that ' s alright i had a load of polenta today apres this thing here oh yeah i saw that it is gonna be a long drive in the winter we ' re
22. r all again oh dear mm oh god so that ' s good work ah er do you know that song? you coming back? what you doing? just go and work then like zezero protein zero vegetables yeah you ' re not gonna get fit and strong oh i ' m strong i ' m still fit and strong i don ' t really f i don ' t really need tea you do need
33. and what why is that then? er i ' m trying to remember exactly what it was i know that there ' s these things called beta - amyloid plaques okay basically er there ' s a protein i can ' t remember the name of it though it it i think the the abbreviation i think is app let me look it up app amyloid precursor protein that ' s it erm okay and i
34. plaques okay basically er there ' s a protein i can ' t remember the name of it though it it i think the the abbreviation i think is app let me look it up app amyloid precursor protein that ' s it erm okay and i have no clue what that means but it ' s ju it ' s just it ' s just a protein basically erm what happens is that i can '
35. let me look it up app amyloid precursor protein that ' s it erm okay and i have no clue what that means but it ' s ju it ' s just it ' s just a protein basically erm what happens is that i can ' t remember i can ' t remember the different enzymes and i should because i learnt these but i can ' t remember them at the minute basically nornor
36. and then the fragments get transported out or like like they ' re they ' re not stuck in the brain but with people with altzalzheimer ' s a different enzyme chops the app protein and that causes different shaped fragments that can ' t be broke down properly and so the so where does this different component come from to whwhat makes that change? oh i don ' t know
37. well no i just wondered if if this had already been found in the research you were saying your tutor whatever he is is doing i i don ' t i don ' t know exactly where the other protein come not other protein other enzyme comes from basic so that ' s what happens yeah the fragments can ' t be broken down and so they kind of aggregate together and form a pack and that prevents signals from
38. wondered if if this had already been found in the research you were saying your tutor whatever he is is doing i i don ' t i don ' t know exactly where the other protein come not other protein other enzyme comes from basic so that ' s what happens yeah the fragments can ' t be broken down and so they kind of aggregate together and form a pack and that prevents signals from getting through getting through
39. mix it in yeah you can i mean i think the curdling ' s caused by um if you put it in it ' s too hot it ' s too hot the heat uh causes the protein to to to join up so it curdles yeah put the lid there sorry alright heston curdles and uh yeah yeah but i like that programme with uh with heston i ' ll one
49. the fuck? yeah yeah yeah i mean i don ' t understand why they ' re concerned i never i never understood why they were concerned because if you put in a gene to u er sorry a protein you ' re you ' re you ' re you ' re not susceptible to genes it ' s proteins mm you ' re you ' re you ' re allergic to if you go and eat a kangaroo burger
73. that cheaper would then somebody a person mm be given unfair deal deals? erm as on not on the wikipedia page oh yeah yeah and are they gospel? but you take muscle cells and apply a protein that promotes tissue growth okay you could do that from injured animals to be fair mm mm erm it would be theoretically possible to or to continue producing meat indefinitely without introducing new cells from a living organism but
101. ' t be as strong mm so i dunno i thought carbs erm turned to sugar mm and erm form glucose for energy mm so they ' re less about strength more about energy whereas protein amino acid ' s more about building muscle strength mm no energy well i suppose the energy to do the lifting yeah erm whereas my previous trainer was just like no you ' re nnot eating enough you
105. kids to be like that yeah just know they ' ve got nothing to prove yeah and erm yeah looking forward to raising kids mm yeah do you reckon there ' s much protein in this? just protein bit of calcium is that something that that you er like were were ever interested in that erm? being nice to people? no no well i know that ' s not true harsh no it ' s

