Cluster 1
0. i haven ' t passed her so i don ' t know but cos she cleans up at school now she ' s like oh does she? the cleaning supervisor so she comes down to do duty mm goes back and then around three o ' clock she ' s back for cleaning till about six oh right so she ' s not about much at the mo they ' ve got a dog now so you
5. in his skills sets than running this and who was the erm this the erm graduate was going to be taking over until january mm erm but he curtailed his erm his tour of duty to get one in london cos i was thinking he said about his girlfriend but i was thinking you didn ' t want all that responsibility on your shoulders mm and what the mindset seems to be now
8. so no right time to go to bed it ' s gonna be a big day tomorrow no? yeah try and get some sleep in the bank especially if i ' m going to have to be on duty if you boys are gonna have a table tennis table tennis tournament or dart tournament or like can ' t play sports or i bet he can play a bit of he ' s not masculine enough t bet he
18. theatre and then because i think her her father - in - law must ' ve erm been involved in some sort of anaesthetic when she went to theatre because he was the only one on duty so he came so obviously then he ' d seen the baby not her choice then he told his wife obviously and they told all their side of the family before she ' d even had chance to hold the
20. s some weird weirdy people about why hasn ' t there something been done about it mm oh strange strange and yes i mean yesterday i was out on the field watching them lunch time on lunch time duty outside this lad got upset because he got hit by the ball by the football he was standing behind the goals talking oh right and he got hit three times and the third time he picked the ball and he
22. doing enough mm should have as well really but it didn ' t really happen that way it ' s basically over now anyway i never realised that like it ' s like every single like almost every single duty is like can i have cover please? can someone cover me please? she like doesn ' t it ' s so weird i never noticed it before but yeah she does she never does her duties all the
23. no you ' re giving it to him there you go er er er get a green get a green wedge yeah that was a weird question it was a weird question i i would have gone call of duty cos i would have forgotten doom was actually a thing er er right now er sorry i ' m just decimating you except i ' m not because i ' m not killing every tenth version of you
24. other parents are going? oh have i don ' t it right? well done bloody hell considering that ' s just a have you got your glasses? no cos no when i went to lunch duty i thought well shall i take a pair of glasses with me? didn ' t bother? just in case and now you can ' t see but coming cos i walked straight down you see oh okay
27. i i ' d slept in a bi on saturday and matt got up with eh girls and then on sunday which was mother ' s day at then to six when my girls woke up i was on duty so that didn ' t seen quite right well i ' m just definitely looking forward to a time when eh my son is a teenager and he eh from what i heard they sleep most of the time yeah
28. t know something about a police officer punching a woman in the face oh i hate police mm me too a lesbian couple saw their dream vacation turn into a nightmare when they were harassed by an off - duty police officer oh my god when the pair were sharing affection in the supermarket brilliant brilliant jesus christ yes i mean can we just not be a bit more mature like there ' s kind of a war going on
29. ' t yeah she ' s really really annoying i know i ' m not we ' ve got oh yeah we ' ve got a court meeting on wednesday oh we ' ve also got prefect oh yeah duty on that break oh yeah i need to do some of my lawyer stuff have you done the questions? some of them? you ' ve not done any of them? i didn ' t do any last
32. that weird the hot water isn ' t that weir mm have you been working today? no no not today no oh no what have you been up to today then? i ' ve been to lunch duty oh have you? haven ' t done a lot this morning actually i had a horrible sleep last night violent headache oh no yeah a really bad headache and i got you look a bit tired actually yeah i
33. it ' ll be crunchy on the w mm er y well you can have them did you have lunch today? no oh no i ' m fine well i forgot you ' d come from lunch duty i ' m fine no i ' m fine do you want some malt loaf? no no no honestly i ' m fine thank you thank you i think that is an alarm isn ' t it?
34. spend a bit of time there and things but mm like when she gets it like in her mind it ' s like that ' s yeah kind of it then isn ' t it? oh oh well duty achieved yeah exactly but you know seen her done but mm just like mm could ' ve been here little bit longer sort of like planned to you know have lunch or something mm mm no just mince pie
35. liners because they wait so long to go for a pee cos they never get time to go no you know so you you go hours and hours and hours i know that i have gone on duty and i ' ve been there at half past six in the morning because of the way the buses have been running down the road i ' ve been there at half past six no at seven to start at
39. is there not enough right for? thank you i ' ve i ' ve asked uncle he doesn ' t want to no no no i would rather have sit back you can be on timer and dice duty oh dear oh i need to wipe all the stuff off er that that ' s far too er oh the on there it ' s difficult well have the box lid and then you can shake the well dad
40. s difficult well have the box lid and then you can shake the well dad ' s got the box guacamole who wants the box lid? uncle he ' s on he ' s on duty he ' s got the yeah right it you mean i ' ve got to actually stay awake? yes that ' s the erm when you roll the dice and then oh whichever word you get that '
41. mention here because in the in the paper em i didn ' t want to give my name for obvious reasons mm mm cos i worked in the city centre but i was just named as an off duty security guard where was this? just by the side of in front of shit do you know what ' s mental? i was saying to these earlier right when i went to see the navy person i '
44. the back there to the back door can see oh so we need to be more erm a little bit of decoration put a red one round here then er er excuse me i ' m on red duty you just do pigging silver alright chill do your own colour scheme oh piddle you ' re not doing a very good job are you? i ' m just saying today? sorry? what page is
46. oh it ' s back on now i don ' t know it must turn itself off afterwards well anyway yeah so yeah so has told me today mm when i went to lunch duty that erm apparently ' s found a lump oh in her breast oh no they ' ve d they ' ve done a blood test and they ' re sending her straight for a erm she ' s
47. but i just thought i ' d ask on the off chance she said yeah come round at nine oh that was handy so so then now that leaves me a free day tomorrow with the exception of lunch duty to do as well oh are you on lunch duty as well? cos my plan was i was gonna do sort of either downstairs or upstairs today and then the opposite tomorrow mm and now i ' ve
48. off chance she said yeah come round at nine oh that was handy so so then now that leaves me a free day tomorrow with the exception of lunch duty to do as well oh are you on lunch duty as well? cos my plan was i was gonna do sort of either downstairs or upstairs today and then the opposite tomorrow mm and now i ' ve got to do it all tomorrow do you want to
49. ve got to do it all tomorrow do you want to come and do mine? can you fit that in tomorrow too? easy - peasy you could like do yours in the morning go to lunch duty do mine in the afternoon yours in the afternoon go on you know you want to do you reckon i could? oh your house is too big now i know it is too big to do it in one
54. over the journey yes yes and the stress exactly yes i mean of course you will and that ' s right so that ' s well it might be a good deal well if they want me naturally when duty calls make sure you leave your international roaming number otherwise you know it ' ll be the cleft stick i hardly ever going down i hardly ever switch my phone on when i go abroad on holiday yeah right
69. ##s i ' m full of coal er p not puzzle i guess puzzle will do yeah to work out yeah cos we got what where the hell our pitch was cos we no one was on duty for one reason or ano i think it was hard to find in the first place er and then like we maybe drove around the whole kind of area like the state park and we found the main camps
70. other ambulance that came along mm and they got got in and we were parked behind these ambulances and they waited for these two this these people to come cos they were the only medics on duty that could give this injection she needed oh or somebody or or maybe they ' d got it on their ambulance whatever i can ' t you know i guess mm and and they had to wait and these guys
73. slags? or well yes i did but i thought it was perfectly alright well no it actually wasn ' t perfectly alright cos they ' ve now made a complaint against you and you were on duty and you were working for us yes and you can ' t just go to conferences and turn up in somebody ' s bedroom at one o ' clock in the morning drunk and accuse somebody of being a sl
82. like one of the other teachers from my school like i had to keep my class in cos they were being a pain in the backside they were being horrible but i was supposed to be on break duty and i walked out of my classroom um and um one of the year six teachers was there and he and i said to him i was like please can you just go and outside and cover my break duty
83. and i walked out of my classroom um and um one of the year six teachers was there and he and i said to him i was like please can you just go and outside and cover my break duty cos i ' ve gotta stay in with my class cos they ' re being horrible and he didn ' t bat an eye he just went yeah of course turned round got his coat and walked out
84. stay in with my class cos they ' re being horrible and he didn ' t bat an eye he just went yeah of course turned round got his coat and walked out and went and stood on duty if that had been me and someone had said that to me i ' d have been like what really? for the whole thing? what so i don ' t get a cup of coffee? what so
85. i would be about oh gosh twelve? thirteen? was he involved in combat? yeah all the time? not well i don ' t know about all the time but there he was on convoy duty and because he was playing in a football match and he broke his toe so he couldn ' t sail with the convoy and his boat sunk oh and that happened twice lucky blimey the second time he
86. talked about what she had fought and then the po then the fox became a police officer and the best bit was when they had when they got when the rhinos said they had erm parking ticket duty and they were then he said and and then he told them what they needed to do and they were driving mm and then a really really fast car zoomed past them and then they said they put the
89. i i do remember yes it was the same i can remember queuing up for the the meals but then i remember you you did as a prefect right you know a sixth former you could do dinner duty oh so you you were in mixed? yes all the time you were in mixed and did you have your dinners in the boys ' school hall? well only when i was er in the junior school in
90. fact? erm no i mean i picked it up but i didn ' t learn it no no no no but of course i was working within as a volunteer for the british council in my off duty times and it was basically english mm and sadly in my sessions for the foreign did you do singing as well at that time? no i ' d given up singing at that time i picked it up again
91. i suppose that erm there ' s probably more peace time enough jobs and are based in this country of administrative nature that that if you have a child you could be you know sort of confined to duty at some base either here or in germany or that you wouldn ' t have to be no but again it could mean again that your male colleagues are taking an unfair portion of work to be done it '
92. you take that to art with you like look at my pencil case guy i challenge you to read it as quick as you can have we got english tomorrow? no no wednesday we ' ve got prefect duty tomorrow oh yeah at break don ' t forget i will you will i know you i will forget i ' ve got what have i got before break? geography and you ' ve got re re wait for
93. like not very nice? yeah she likes doing things properly and it ' s like yeah oh what have you done now? i ' m not looking forward to it i ' m looking forward to prefect duty yeah i hope someone comes in so we can go what are you doing? yeah i think like well i like the block i ' m glad we managed to switch to that yeah so am i because the
94. ? who ' s gonna sit up there to eat their lunch? why don ' t you just sit in the common room or the hall or something? yeah i wish i ' d done the hall duty i ' m so jealous of i could go right one two three four go you stop yeah i ' d love to just st stand there and split up groups of friends yeah like leave one person left mm
96. explanation but she seems to follow it generally at the time yeah which helps yeah that is good yeah uh so we had the audiologist and then on thursday i had a phone call late morning from the duty rota organizer from link mm who wanted a meeting because it appears that some a couple of the carers have said they can ' t manage granny mm with in terms of the lifting without straining themselves oh
105. right some surgeries have started to break that down as well now they ' re starting to do different types so you can have a telephone consultation mhm you can have a quick five minute with a duty doctor which is one thing only mhm cos what a lot of people do is they come in and it ' s like well actually yeah i ' ve got this pain in my foot and erm
108. but the the remainder are they the remainder? yeah no it ' s there ' s more apples but this is the remainder of the stuff i ' ve already peeled so i might get you on peeling duty in a minute cos i ' m going to need more that this probably are you? i can see there ' s still quite a lot of peel on those apples darling no there ' s not there
109. yeah yeah take my bike take my bike take all my stuff and then erm he ' s still he ' s still watching him watch him start to drive off and then er a police off - duty policeman gets out of his car and just goes bang bang bang bang bang shoots the guy that stole the bike and then he just runs after his bike and just like shit there ' s a guy like dying
110. mhm i drink from a sippy cup yeah that ' s true you do do that um i can ' t remember the my my alphabet in order very well hence i was telling you about dictionary duty really pr pr really primary stuff like really kiddy kiddy things mm i just never never seem to have got rid of it ' s isn ' t it how weird ' s that? i dunno
112. poor was awake i was bored shitless we were on duty oh no he watched every episode of gossip girl on the tv on the plane yeah what else did we watch? oh crazy stupid love oh crazy stupid love he was like let ' s watch crazy stupid love
113. that or if you were going round a corner one wheel would go like that that ' s what happened to us that ' s bad and there was one the vitesse one of them at gate duty at school thought this vitesse came up the the roa you know the concrete road approaching the school and thought and just before it got to us the g wh the front wheels went and went

Cluster 2
4. cupboard and anyway before christmas we were checking to see how me how much alcohol we had and we ' ve had got we pi we ' ve been given we ' ve bought and it ' s had duty - free from lots of trips yeah and so said to me aren ' t you gonna go and buy some then? i said no we ' ve wewe ' ve got we ' ve got we '
14. a quite bad one to actually because the plane got delayed by about four hours when it everyone was already in the gate when it happened the plane got hit by lightning so obviously everybody started tucking into their duty free booze by the ti like within like an hour people were like smoking in the gate they had to send like armed police to like supervise no way and like by the time we got on the plane
16. well we did u when when we went to lanzarote yeah we did i mean years ago when me and used to go to tenerife we had loads and loads of time to look round duty - free you don ' t now mm no you ' ve hardly any time have you? no no don ' t understand why it does that though cos our was in the what? monsoon we were
19. t you? the thing is you have to keep pulling it out all the time yeah showing it to people you know and the boarding pass and show it to these people show it to those people get duty free you ' ve not go to have too much in the bag have you? cos you can ' t get at it now i ' m bringing this trolley so i ' ve put a few clothes
21. them drive well exactly no well i ' ll pick them up ye oh right yes yeah i said i ' ll pick them up yeah cash in on the yes old yeah tax exempt old yeah well not duty free but yeah get yourself a nice bottle of spirit and mm he smells nice well on twenty - sixteen we ' ll have to work on getting them you get a passport you can bring him with you yeah
30. yeah that ' s fair enough but like you said there ' s extra bits isn ' t there? tax and stamp duty and what have you? yeah but they ' re coming out of i ' ve managed to convince dad to pay the stamp duty out of our savings oh that ' s nice did you manage to convince him
31. said there ' s extra bits isn ' t there? tax and stamp duty and what have you? yeah but they ' re coming out of i ' ve managed to convince dad to pay the stamp duty out of our savings oh that ' s nice did you manage to convince him or did you just raise the subject? i told him how much you told him how much it was twenty - seven thousand and
36. erm her snapchat today wanted me don ' t made me want to throw my phone at oh don ' t don ' t we are going absolutely batshit about it did you see her duty free purchases as well the other day? in her with her ted bated baker and all no i i literally just saw her tiffher tiffany bag don ' t because she g oh no she had
37. at school that ' s an immediate impression immediate yeah impression on you no matter what the circumstances so what turning up in hot pants and smelling of gin? well and drinking on the plane yeah and getting duty free bottles clanking clanking in the see through bags hello hello erm yeah yeah actually that ' s a good point on our erm hand luggage we should make sure we ' ve got a a
38. would have to go in the main luggage cos i ' m not carrying it you can ' t put it in the main luggage no when we get to the airport you can ' t cos duty free is the other side so you ' ve already checked in your bags no i mean when we arrive in muscat oh there might be some just as you come out? or put the not so
55. they put extra on the on the petrol? no cos no they stopped it for yonks didn ' t they? they still kthey still kept it they still kept it yeah the duty the thing is they ' ve taken a penny off tax on beer and spirit and you ' re thinking well that ' s nothing is it you know compared with what people drink i mean they ' re not
56. what else did the they bring back for you? no no just oh there was something er the shopping bags a nice shopping bag a shopping bag yeah plastic carrier bag they told me they got that from duty free on the way home oh yeah? an emergency present they said yeah oh you had a keyring didn ' t you? yes did you have a keyring? you know not not a high quality
68. it would just be nice if with bearing in mind the sort of like eighty percent of the price of fuel is actually tax mm oh well the special thing is you actually pay vat on the fuel duty righ oh okay right um you pay tax on the tax? yes that makes sense ha in someone ' s world yeah sort of it must be quite disconcerting having that guy sitting on his bike
74. s great you know he could cyc yeah i mean cycling cos fares in london are expensive mm but anyway they they like it but they ' ll have to pay seven thousand five hundred pounds stamp duty yeah oh what? it ' s ever so stressful that is a bit and i sort of think you know i sort of scratched around and i i said give five grand yeah you know towards the deposit
75. goes bonk straight to the government yeah yeah and it ' s so annoying yeah it makes you sick doesn ' t it? yeah i mean oh why they why they do this i i mean stamp duty but i mean that ' s a terrible tax for yeah people who haven ' t got much money we ' ll it is it ' s just cos like both of them first time buyers but they changed
76. t having that mm but if you went to america for instance mm or if you went to america and bought a load of stuff and tried to bring it back then you ' d have to pay yeah duty on it yeah right i think they allow you something like so it ' s not that cheap after all? fifty quid is it? yeah no not a lot not a lot cos that ' s
77. bay from america yeah you have to pay for that if it ' s cheap you ' re alright but if it ' s anything out you know mm you pay a whacking great lump sum of duty oh and they make you pay it before you get it anyway so they do yeah mm so there ' s no paying it one once you go out they don ' t say right now you owe us something
80. mm erm and then and to think that he ' s saved enough for a deposit down there which would ' ve been substantial yeah he ' s got he ' s got enough for a deposit stamp duty on top of that like all the legal fees on t mm like when they were yeah when they were looking for a house they have a substantial amount the only thing that was waiting for was that extra six
81. tell you the story it ' s fine yeah put them back in the bag go on which part? right so like half six this morning erm you know like as you ' re going through like duty - free and you ' ve got all the perfumes? there ' s like a new gin and the bloke was there just like setting it up mm obviously so it ' s half six in
87. car wasn ' t a normal car goodness cos it was really small and it had a and it had like a fire but the fox in t on it wasn ' t on erm speeding ticket duty? no no they were just they were just they were trying to find erm i ' m confused the cable was being nibbled by something i ' m really confused as to this bit of the film
88. i ' m confused the cable was being nibbled by something i ' m really confused as to this bit of the film erm it was at the end and they said and right and fox parking duty and they ' re like what? and he said only kidding there ' s this right here ' s your mission there ' s this car ah there is there is a person driving the car no it '
99. that? if you buy a second home or potentially if you buy a new house before you ' ve sold your old house or anything like this mm erm you have to pay higher rates of stamp duty oh yeah i ' ve heard about that i ' m not i wasn ' t sure of the erm how it was hedged about with erm advantages and restrictions so cos you know sometimes you
100. s paperwork is the same and then i try and find out if any of the offenders are here mhm and if they are are they represented by a solicitor er er whether they want to see the duty solicitor which is a free service uh - huh that they can have and er you know if it ' s a youth have they got a parent with them? er are they known to the youth offending
114. well you will if you sell your house and no i won ' t no the limit for is three hundred and sixty thousand ain ' t it? oh yeah is it? for i for estate er duty inheritance tax yeah yeah but there ' s inheritance tax as well that ' s what it is yeah inheritance tax estate duty yeah yeah same difference mm yeah it don ' t work i ' m not like you
115. thousand ain ' t it? oh yeah is it? for i for estate er duty inheritance tax yeah yeah but there ' s inheritance tax as well that ' s what it is yeah inheritance tax estate duty yeah yeah same difference mm yeah it don ' t work i ' m not like you people well there you go there you go yeah like what? well well we put this up for sale didn ' t

Cluster 3
1. out and all the sheets some of the sheets have holes in them oh man that ' s really crazy for real erm but the other thing is that like is it ' s the husband ' s duty to satisfy all the sexual desires of the of the wife oh fucking hell so so like which is like sound tough man so they have to so at any like at any moment no matter what when they wanna
2. wants to see him? yeah yeah yeah that ' s not allowed is kind of funny and cool the sheet thing? we can do it if you want no not the sheet the the husband ' s duty oh yeah yeah no it ' s good no it ' s just funny why it doesn ' t work the other way round yeah exactly unlike the other rules usually like when they have to shave their head after
6. i think if they just keep er cos they are legally obliged to provide for a full education or at least access to a full education i think you could be arguing that ' s breaching their duty of care the school can ' t legally stop them mm but social services probably could yeah i think it would be a case of if you ' re doing it and it you know and it ' s not
7. go - go dancers wear er brassieres right the law was later amended erm to reflect that it was possibly unnecessary for male go - go dancers to excellent i liked that the erm statutory duty for shit right sort of stated not only which but they ' re also responsible for the of parking signs city right erm westminster yeah thanks very much i may or may not know have as much fun as
13. clearly a bit of a communication problem here mm if i have to drive to sheffield mm to collect it i will be claiming back my mileage absolutely i mean ultimately they have a resp um a duty of care yeah you were a student once yeah do you know what i mean? it ' s not like you you you exit out the door it ' s not a big school liz really? it '
25. he ' d be sick of panto by now yeah his his friend ' s in it so he wants to see it oh they all go to see him i think so yeah you know he felt duty bound i don ' t know i quite like he ' s quite nice i ' ve not heard of he was out in the yeah that ' s a new one isn ' t he? right down the
42. ' t need to be more tired don ' t need you to be more tired and the money it ' s going to cost us to raise another yet another one at that point it ' s his duty to have a vasectomy yeah had you ever considered that? no it sounds horrible yes yeah sounds p it looks like a really sounds painful i don ' t really wanna get it done ' s brother
45. grab skills cards when you need them right actually we ' re a bit screwed has nobody got red? no i ' ve got red only ' s got red so anything that involves red is ' s duty okay which er so if he was a cylon we could be really in quite a lot of trouble already yeah ' s is piloting so er some of these cards say like you can attack up to
50. ##o they all maybe they all go for eggs yeah but it ' s er something ' s got to be done because as one of my colleagues said you are encouraged to shoot rabbits it ' s your duty well we all know that but the seagulls are protected mm well that doesn ' t seem to make sense i ' m not saying it ' s the seagulls ' fault it ' s obviously
57. you put erm sex over y erm over kin yeah but it happens obviously he ' s i guess he ' s a bit black and white he ' s thinks well i ' ve done my duty and yeah he ' s he ' s he ' s a bit hurt but then again he er he he sh you know his his daughters did f erm i can ' t speak for but and were
58. and would do and you so you know er he might expect his grown - up children to look after him but they ' re not going to want to do it no they might feel a sense of duty er or or maybe not i think i think er probably would ju certainly taken him in and she certainly is the one to deal with his his mania on a day to day basis so yeah and you think
71. can ' t regulate well they ' re not gonna they ' re not just gonna say here ' s a massive amount of chocolate fill your boots are they? well they might do they have some some duty of care for children i don ' t know the thing is is it ' s not their problem is it? thing is the thing is they they can fill them up with shit and then hand them back
72. ? a bit more prominent as well as in in a song oh yeah i ' m not basing it purely on that she ' s er she ' s a cool cat mm i sort of feel duty - bound to say rum tum tugger because i know the guy who played him yes but but actually i think my favourite is um the magician cat um mistoffelees mistoffelees he
79. like the search thing was weird as well the brother and the ex - boyfriend that was honestly there was definitely something suspicious about them the boyfriend the boyfriend like not the boyfriend the brother like you has a duty to find out the truth you need like why was he so defensive of the police? and saying how much he loved them and whatever when even if you think it was avery you ' d go maybe he
95. s going on in and my mum phoned up to make an appointment and they said no he ' s left we were like oh my god cos i i got hair see now they have a duty to tell people where people have gone i got my hair vouchers yeah so i could get it done in with him cos i get it done so infrequently and then he '
97. that because surely they need to their customers be be no be be because they ha they ha they have to look there ' s a the way it ' s put is this and they say their primary duty is is to the person they ' re caring for the the the the carers feel that they can ' t look after that person without a risk that she will fall be injured yeah break her hip and
98. could be the end of her because people of gra of granny ' s that happens to that happens to easily yeah true yeah um so so th there ' s that one and the second the other duty of course is to the carers yeah yeah who mustn ' t hurt their backs and so on but of course they sign a contract saying that they won ' t do the lifting yeah but the thing
103. cause i have though you are responsible i ' ve got a ridiculously bad back i just don ' t know i do get bad backs just tell you ' re responsible you ' re you have a duty of care have you heard of the citizens advice bureau? yeah my new best friends yeah you know they ' re the ones i called about eh the smoking issues is that mine? i didn ' t realise
104. what did they do? er basically the penguin classic translator hates the book oh it ' s rather funny he writes a long sort of translators note at the beginning explaining how he felt it was his moral duty to make up for all of the terrible things in this book which does make you wonder why he chose to translate it in the first place but there you are presumably they told him you ' re going to
106. mum there ' s nothing we can do they ' re not changing it they just she keeps saying why do they keep feeding her? i said because they have to they have to it ' s a duty of care yeah i know but if she lived on her own she wouldn ' t be here and then it ' d be so much better for she said oh she ' d hate it if she could see
116. of money you know but they used to send it they used to send cards to each other and never met never seen the people for donkey ' s yonks mm and yet she felt it her duty to send them cards yeah and i used to have to go out well i posted all your cards didn ' t i oh yes yeah oh no i didn ' t did i i left them in the front

Cluster 4
12. into racing games? or fifa? or? i ' m c or just? all for racing games fifa i ' m prpretty bad at but i enjoy i enjoy being bad yeah call of duty i ' m bad at again good but i enjoy being bad you ' ll probably be like a similar sort of level as me ' s very good at erm like this kind of stuff have you ever
60. herself but she has like a really active social life in chat rooms and she ' s old which is amazing it ' s like this whole thing of like retired men loads of friends and like call of duty and like xbox games and they just chat on their headsets yeah and like xbox games so it ' s like retired men sat at home all day just like gossiping whilst like blowing each other up do
61. women like phone each other up yeah oh yeah just having a chat men can ' t be like yeah alright barry like what ' s going on? how are the kids doing? but on call of duty you can yeah yeah they ' re not really allowed to do that are they? have a natter no no you can if it ' s like through the medium of call of duty and you ' re
62. on call of duty you can yeah yeah they ' re not really allowed to do that are they? have a natter no no you can if it ' s like through the medium of call of duty and you ' re like or if you ' re in the pub yeah it ' s like pub or golf like golf is ba like just so men can like hang out and have a chat but you '
63. t it? it is actually like how awful yeah but the idea is that is that you ' re surviving the evil you ' re not carrying out the evil mm okay i mean there was call of duty where you had to torture someone and that ' s pretty yeah pretty brutal i always used to find myself like judging parents when they ' d come in with like their seven - year - old boy and be
64. and that ' s pretty yeah pretty brutal i always used to find myself like judging parents when they ' d come in with like their seven - year - old boy and be like buying them call of duty and just think do you know what it ' s about? like but call of don ' t let your call of duty is but call seven - year - old play call of duty it just reflects the
65. like their seven - year - old boy and be like buying them call of duty and just think do you know what it ' s about? like but call of don ' t let your call of duty is but call seven - year - old play call of duty it just reflects the kind of the time we ' re in like mm call of duty originally i think i don i kind of remember playing like
66. them call of duty and just think do you know what it ' s about? like but call of don ' t let your call of duty is but call seven - year - old play call of duty it just reflects the kind of the time we ' re in like mm call of duty originally i think i don i kind of remember playing like one of the first or second ones and yeah it was violent
67. but call of don ' t let your call of duty is but call seven - year - old play call of duty it just reflects the kind of the time we ' re in like mm call of duty originally i think i don i kind of remember playing like one of the first or second ones and yeah it was violent it was you know but it was no different to any other game at the time yeah

Cluster 5
3. the stapler yeah so eh we decided that after as a form of punishment students can ' t be trusted with staplers with staplers em we are looking into maybe like a standard sort of heavy duty stapler oh are we? but the cost of it is a bit much so we should like chain them cos we ' ve got these holes in the desk we should get like a chain and yeah
9. alternator off erm what else something else? er alternator power steering pump and then to get to the the bottom the where that go on to the er there ' s like a spring heavy duty fairly heavy duty spring yeah two erm fittings where bolts go fully yeah i had to take the whole erm casting off at the engine bla all of the all of those off yeah yeah take
10. erm what else something else? er alternator power steering pump and then to get to the the bottom the where that go on to the er there ' s like a spring heavy duty fairly heavy duty spring yeah two erm fittings where bolts go fully yeah i had to take the whole erm casting off at the engine bla all of the all of those off yeah yeah take the whole casting
11. thing i sort of thinking about cos they ' re so handy aren ' t they to yeah cos i use a well this one has got a really thick blade and that ' s a heavy duty bandsaw and that you put different blades on yeah you need to get a new blade i got a metal bandsaw have you? yeah for metal yeah yeah yeah but now but that did that lift up
15. is about dropping stuff and and was saying she ' ll be available yes but you ' re not mandated to come so i mean the ten weeks it ' s not a it ' s not a heavy duty ticking the register kind of thing at least i don i didn ' t get that impression but er it ' s there you know for for people but you know our experiences when we have these drop things is
17. know i think it ' s called a fruit processor what ' s the difference? this is a blender it blends yeah whereas processors it like chops it differently oh so these are more heavy duty than these they ' d make a smoothie and something else in this very cool what else are we going to put in this? put a bit of cumin? do you like cumin? yeah
26. now it looks like a jumpsuit it ' s not cos it ' s shirt and c like combat - type trousers that have got like cuts there that for the pockets mm big black heavy - duty belt um navy shirt with the the square here that says the mm like that has the ring on it to say if you ' re an officer or not they ' re all navy then this bit on the
43. there mm we did put a lot away this time took us a long time but cleaned up all the rest this morning they were soaking wet were they? absolutely drenched they were it ' s a heavy duty outside i don ' t know cos i you didn ' t get up early enough to see it i didn ' t get up early enough to see it now went to bed late went to bed a
51. i don ' t know re i don ' t know uh which one do you prefer? come here yeah no it ' s lovely isn ' t it and actually it ' s it ' s heavier duty so it would be better as you say if someone ' s buying the glass tut containers i like both of them but er i think it will be easier to stamp the logo on the cotton yeah definitely
52. put the ribbon through the cos that ' s a scrub in there obviously a lot heavier cos it ' s gonna be full of products see? yeah no it does need something more heavy - duty doesn ' t it huh hm and the scrub ' s gonna be heavier isn ' t it cos this is empty it ' s gonna be f yeah really heavy because it ' s full of salts and
53. it ' s full of salts and and it ' s in a box they come in a box as well well in that case you ' re definitely gonna want a bag that ' s more heavy - duty so that especially well if it ' s in a ba if it ' s in a box that ' ll probably protect it in fact quite well but i know this isn ' t full and it ' s
59. you asked us for a long thing that ' s right so i so i bought this socket which is about that long yeah and then i had an extension that long mm yeah and then this heavy - duty ratchet on the bottom and i tell you that was as much as i could do to hold that the weight of this the whole lot spanner stuff yeah let alone turn it yeah and then you think
78. said or i ' ll get me all the gear he sees i got a green card a green ticket and he says you ' re no good here this is all this a heavy heavy grade really heavy duty job don ' t they? mm and like these idiots sent me down there and you have to go you no you have to go they don ' t change do they? no these dole places you
101. off it ' s illegal to have open anyway isn ' t it? it ' s not a fire door it ' s not a fire door if it was a fire door it should be a heavy duty door and that ' s just wood not window not with glass in it yeah well the hinge i think might have made it heavy duty oh did it? it ' s a solid door solid but the
102. door if it was a fire door it should be a heavy duty door and that ' s just wood not window not with glass in it yeah well the hinge i think might have made it heavy duty oh did it? it ' s a solid door solid but the hinge always uses the catch and it was so it made it heavy cos it was a heavy weight no it ' s def definitely
107. t gonna be any good it ain ' t gonna be any good no or it ' s gonna permanently annoy you cos the only time you want it is when you ' ve got some heavy duty stuff to do and that ain ' t gonna be enough yeah yeah that ' s right yeah well how thick is the the strimming er? the string on it? the stri yeah erm
111. in my under my kitchen sink so we ended up picking them up from whilst we were at asda and then it was like oh do you want them fleece - lined? do you want heavy duty? who knew there was such who knew there was such a choice? do you want plain pink? or yellow pink with a lining? so he he ' s ended up taking oh i think it was

