Cluster 1
1. you ' re going to type it and then scroll down and type it some more so i ' m glad that you ' re doing that kind of thing in excel it ' s much easier on a computer it is cos you can just press er undo if you do something that you don ' t like yeah or back yeah cos you couldn ' t really do that well you couldn ' t on a
5. it all the time like i literally can ' t be bothered to do this then why aren ' t you walking out the door? yeah it ' s strange isn ' t it? yeah but a computer wouldn ' t be able to pick that up and you ' d have to have it so updated all of the time with everything they really need still humans analysing this and as well problem again with
10. i ' d had a meeting booked in with my personal tutor who was fucking shit by the way he does not have a clue about anything like every time i asked him a question he goes onto his computer and looks on the internet it ' s like i could have fucking done that at home yeah you need to change personal tutor like he ' s really shit he doesn ' t know anything i ' m gonna
19. to create an account and then you can just access the files thanks for telling me that you ' d sent this by the way like this? yeah although potentially it ' s gonna download it onto my computer oh yeah so you might wanna open it on yeah okay or work or something er do i need to just cross it? um i mean just it might go mental so okay so just don ' t press
26. so i er i filled in the form and they said oh there ' s not enough information on here so i thought oh what i i need to have erm access to my email er on my computer at work you know cos there was stuff i ' m i print from it and all that kind of stuff mm and erm so i ended up er talking er to from it mm and i met
27. of it what? yeah and you remembered all that? well no cos er it ' s on here mm becau luckily i mean i put the problem with it was getting access from the computer in my office mm luckily i could still access my oh right hotmail from my erm pc mm and from my ipad mm so i could get the details from that oh wouldn ' t have a clue
29. mp4s so you find it got to change again and change again er of course there ' s no sound yeah erm i should be able to fix that if i can find it on my computer shouldn ' t there be sound coming from the computer? er it depends if erm i mean windows media yeah media player is pretty shit oh no she ' s crying again shit she ' s never done
30. again and change again er of course there ' s no sound yeah erm i should be able to fix that if i can find it on my computer shouldn ' t there be sound coming from the computer? er it depends if erm i mean windows media yeah media player is pretty shit oh no she ' s crying again shit she ' s never done this before vlc anyway you see what the problem
31. done this before vlc anyway you see what the problem is so you might as well stop it mm yeah okay yeah see if i can get this programme on the stick i can put it on your computer programme files video okay so if i go to programme files er my computer oh this computer ' s dying on me well i might as well take this off and delete this because i can ' t watch
34. computer ' s dying on me well i might as well take this off and delete this because i can ' t watch it no leave it yeah? yeah i can put on a programme on your computer that will oh it ' ll work oh really? yeah that ' s why i ' m getting now oh erm in theory okay er yeah go here copy that onto my stick it ' s here have
37. sorted out today got my hotmail working and now i ' ve got the house of cards working yeah well that ' s gonna give you a lot of pleasure anyway mm oh erm where is my computer? ah so er movies right i dunno i dunno what you want mate what kind of movie? erm mm well i ' m not very much into erm er what do they call them
41. never be like are you alright? yeah are you okay? she ' d just be like well i don ' t care if you ' re alright or not i ' m just gonna sit on my computer doing whatever yeah but he ' d be like properly concerned he ' d be like are you okay? he kept just kept asking me like are you okay are you okay? i ' m like i '
42. have any of it oh i better turn this off this is the worst kind of musical hmm the worst kind? i don ' t i really don ' t like this well find something else on your computer yes your laptop yes laptop ah what shall we watch then? well i ' m just looking to see what ' s o what ' s on oh dear well the tulips get through the water quickly
44. they are quite popular for the students i think yeah like they like to just sit around different parts of the library yeah and just use the laptop rather than are you serious? go and sit in the computer room at first yeah at first i thought why why do we do laptops? i don ' t i didn ' t really think we need them but then i thought well if you actually built a room
49. as well whatever this is called although i can post that as well if you want to yeah right oh yeah right but that that ' s as a picture i ' d need to do that from my computer right so we ' ll post that as a comment you know oh no actually yeah sent because you know works in a place that yes monitors magazines? right yeah so he found the review oh right on and
51. have any pen and paper? because we haven ' t got i don ' t think we do have any i ' ve got a pen i ' ve got a pen i can write it on the computer oh if you ' ve got a pen we ' ll find paper that ' s not going to be useful if we ' re not going to take it out with us is it yeah i ' m sure
54. time to do it? no you wouldn ' t if if they wanted they can come and investigate knock on your door cos the other the thing is now that you can watch live television on your computer can ' t you? yeah i suppose you can yeah if you stick a card in a tv card in yeah yeah and also on top of that the bbc are actually showing live stuff streamed online they are
55. in a tv card in yeah yeah and also on top of that the bbc are actually showing live stuff streamed online they are aren ' t they yeah? yeah yeah and if you ' ve got a computer you can watch play back you can but you aren ' t allowed to watch live tv no you ' re not no and er on these letters and that they say whatever media you are watching television on computer
56. you can watch play back you can but you aren ' t allowed to watch live tv no you ' re not no and er on these letters and that they say whatever media you are watching television on computer tablet phone television set you are you have to buy a licence right? and then you go right down the small print they say a little mention of live tv but they don ' t say oh i see
58. a they had they they had the choice they could either go and watch it in a dedicated room or if they wanted to carry on working they could have it on a screen in the background on the computer oh i know lots of places did where does work? she works for erm well it was up in but it ' s just been taken over by so it ' s the pub chain oh but she
60. you can tell well yeah obviously obviously obviously if i ' m gonna be coming in a bit late i ' m gonna be really annoyed if every time i come in you ' re just sat at that computer you know that don ' t you? erm i had chopped onions i boiled the kettle i got everything ready you know where i ' m coming from though i know where you ' re coming from when
62. really annoyed yeah bu then there ' s other questions that they can ask as well how much did you pay for it? and what till did you use? yeah and then they can just search the computer and find out i read half a book last night are you enjoying it? half a book about a hundred and thirty pages of summat what are you reading? just can ' t put it down it
63. ' re welcome take these to move them you got enough beer left? yeah am i going to turn his thing off? everything? yes mm water beach where i can type in just sitting on a computer all day for pharmacy an online pharmacy just tying numbers in a stiff like that mm oh okay em but even that says i you need experience blah blah blah a a - levels would be good but not essential
66. and it and move around it will help me to remember just to make sure i ' m what i ' m telling you is correct maybe a bit of both them we ' ll do it on the computer and yeah cos i bought you a an actual board yes you have yes i ' ve got the game i wanna see how it runs one seventy - four three okay oh garmin that ' s what
68. ? cool i can see look like you ' re down in the dark no if there ' s any tv series or anything you want while i ' m here i ' ve got it all on this computer if you ' ve got a hard drive what have you got? erm well i ' ve got rome that i said oh yes you ' d like yeah i ' ll get i ' ll get my
71. s on the verge of crossing over the riv now erm what do i do now? have you played this against real people? no no never and what setting can you get to on the computer? er just easy? i i can beat it er i can beat it a lot of the times on easy not every time and the normal and there ' s like three grgrades after that yeah
77. ##s can ' t move sideways can they? so that ' s no is it difficult to find a download to this? no just google chinese chess? you might be able to get it on your computer i did look but erm yeah i mean i wouldn ' t mind playing this with to down yeah although it ' s a lot better format playing it on this thing yes than trying to both do it
78. but erm yeah i mean i wouldn ' t mind playing this with to down yeah although it ' s a lot better format playing it on this thing yes than trying to both do it on my computer although she does have a tablet i bought her one if she ' s got a tablet she ' ll be able to download it ' s not as big as this though no it ' s a smaller one
87. you know wwe ' ll text yeah but it means er it can wait you know god you must be good on the old kind of do you do it all on your phone? yeah or on the computer? right yeah yeah no it ' s just a long - running backwards and forwards all the time always
88. on? erm some of them are on a disc because i put them onto the disc to free up yeah the old laptop before i killed that killed it yeah some of them are on the old computer yeah oh some of them are on my phone so they ' re all over the rock shop so i really need to get well things sorted if i if i get the op this wednesday and obviously i '
89. ##ing with regards to customer services i says he needs to be retrained with regards to the complaints procedure because when he looked at it he hadn ' t even he ' d put it on the computer system and stuff but not put it through yeah oh you know and i said you kn an apology as well i says because this has been going on i says and you could see that it had been going
91. o? oh you ' ve been a while well do you know how far it is? can you not do it online? can you not do it what? could you not do it on the computer? sometimes if an offer ' s run out as soon as like it look like it says on the ticket offer valid twenty - first to twenty - third and if someone ' s not taken it off on
95. and find the right place to install it it ' s getting better erm the other thing is that sometimes if you need to fix things you actually have to enter lines of code so remember on my computer the brightness control doesn ' t work automatically mm mm i have to put in a small line of code i had to find on the internet cos right i can ' t code in unix so in unix
105. that made my day that did all the rest of the bad luck i ' ve had all this week yeah you haven ' t had much good luck what other bad luck have you had? well my computer not working the printer not working c drive not working not being able to access any of the materials on tuesday they er oh god the list goes on erm i on tuesday and the computers didn ' t
107. wrong i can ' t even list them yeah i pulled the computer out broke the audio cable then there was just that in the whole classroom you can ' t teach internet and moodle workshop without a computer and the internet and a display screen it ' s just absolute oh it was just a nightmare then all of this emailing back and forth when i can ' t even get email on my computer can only
108. a computer and the internet and a display screen it ' s just absolute oh it was just a nightmare then all of this emailing back and forth when i can ' t even get email on my computer can only get it through the internet yeah erm about the american student and all of that palaver which i think is sorted out now apparently none of the international engineering students do the listening and speaking component
109. and i ' ve just been brushing it hard and i don ' t know i need to just take a bit more care but that honestly wasn ' t my fault today i kicked the compu the computer desk was right in front of me i didn ' t kick the computer in anger cos it wasn ' t working although i should ' ve i crossed my legs and i must ' ve got my mm
110. know i need to just take a bit more care but that honestly wasn ' t my fault today i kicked the compu the computer desk was right in front of me i didn ' t kick the computer in anger cos it wasn ' t working although i should ' ve i crossed my legs and i must ' ve got my mm my foot went underneath the cabinet and my toenails went ah i
111. the computers were busy nobody had a laptop you had that massive desktop with that humongous monitor that took up the whole desk oh my god yeah and i told them at middle school i was the computer girl cos we had one computer in our middle school and that was the library computer that every night was locked away and every night i went in and got it and i was like the computer girl i
115. computer in our middle school and that was the library computer that every night was locked away and every night i went in and got it and i was like the computer girl i had to set up the computer make sure the program was working for the library books and it was new and everyone was really excited we ' ve got a new computer in school am i really that old? oh my god and i told
123. they now only rent vans cos they done a van rental and the vehicle repairs but see now they only rent the vans out now she say because every year they have to upgrade the software for the computer for each in each individual car individual car yeah yeah and then you they they ' re changing the registration you know to every half year aren ' t they? yeah and so that when they do that they
125. he slides back into himself i think he ' s so used to spending time on his own and that isn ' t he? i he ' s takes himself to his room and he plays on his computer and he ' s done that yeah for years and years he said to me he likes time to himself and i said that ' s fair well that ' s fine but yeah lik but because he hasn
127. think too much of what you ' re going to write i and then i wait a few days and then i forget that i even had an email or i don ' t want to go on the computer for a bit so i don ' t go on the computer for a couple of weeks unless i ' m expecting an important email yeah and then and then i forget yeah and that ' s the same with
128. and then i wait a few days and then i forget that i even had an email or i don ' t want to go on the computer for a bit so i don ' t go on the computer for a couple of weeks unless i ' m expecting an important email yeah and then and then i forget yeah and that ' s the same with with my other social networks as well i always forget huh ah
129. ve gotta for this blooming teacher training thing i ' ve got to do a health questionnaire but you ' ve got to go through it you ' ve got to fill it all in on the computer you can ' t save it in one sitting i ' ve got to fill this thing in mm it ' s p i ' d say tens of pages it ' s over ten pages oh god long and
132. off it will use that to scan but i ' m having to run it off this but it can still scan yeah yeah there was a problem with it alright as long as it ' s through the computer or whatever i just need to scan oh you ' ve got kelly brook again yes she ' s ageing with you i imagine indeed yes yes it wasn ' t a her better month she looks quite old
144. know don ' t you? yeah yeah yeah i might not go it can ' t be worth breaking the diet for that can it? no i don ' t think so what you doing on the computer? i don ' t i ' m trying to email myself something a powerpoint presentation but i ' m gonna then try and open on ' s computer but because his is er because his is a map
146. the whole family go then or is it just her? i don ' t i don ' t know i think her mum goes with her right let ' s see if this presentation will work on this computer your dad was looking at tickets for the davis cup cos it ' s in birmingham oh is it? or edgbaston way next next weekend oh okay but they were sixty - five quid
147. one of the indoor arenas or something isn ' t it? yes yes i think it yeah probably is so this works but i don ' t know how to save it onto the erm onto the computer why? just cos it ' s apple? but it ' s also different? mm oh yeah i don ' t know how to would know how to do it if he was here can you just
148. they needed to do though it was like couldn ' t be avoided now i dunno if we want yeah marvellous right i ' m gonna close them now and see if they open up on the computer fingers crossed because otherwise yay do you think ' s work think that he ' s looking for other jobs seeing as he ' s had a few half days off? erm i don ' t know
150. and we can only send it over to the british corpus in mp3 and we don ' t know yes we do have to change it so we have we have to change it put it all on the computer and change it oh i see yeah and then to save it as an mp3 rather than an mp4 yeah but that take quite some time mm to go all the way through it and then take out bits
151. i had to upload it to the what ' s what ' s the difference between downloading and uploading? well downloading is when you get something from the internet and download it to your computer or mm whatever it is your phone or and uploading is when you ' ve got you ' ve produced something and you you give it to somebody else mm or put it up for somebody else okay but
153. it down but when i got my new computer i found although i didn ' t realise at the time that the problem was that my phone was not synced or synchronised into my new computer so it was basically just a a question of going to a i think it was settings and just click on something that says synchronise your phone to this computer but the guy had spent two hours
154. ##hronised into my new computer so it was basically just a a question of going to a i think it was settings and just click on something that says synchronise your phone to this computer but the guy had spent two hours trying to figure it out how to do it and didn ' t didn ' t know that you know really he was supposed to be a computer expert but we spent all
155. your phone to this computer but the guy had spent two hours trying to figure it out how to do it and didn ' t didn ' t know that you know really he was supposed to be a computer expert but we spent all that afternoon you know a couple of hours over two hours trying to figure out how to do it and he downloaded iitunes and all the rest of it which i didn '
156. the other day on friday and he said yeah easy enough bom bom bom bom bom and then i came home and my phone was now synced is now synced to my computer and any any future times i just i put the recordings in and and i can acc them straight away access them straight away you know it ' s like most things isn ' t it? easy when you
159. asking that for ages so i left it up to your dad i ' m afraid until he sorts it out i i haven ' t a clue well what what i ' ve got a copy on my computer so we can print it tonight and erm sit down and go through what there is i ' ve organised everything with mum ' s and but this this person doesn ' t organise no? no i can
163. or something i dunno oh but an officer he said basically he spends quite a lot of time pretty standard i said what do you mean? he said you well like you know in front of a computer making decisions going to meetings doing the paperwork writing reports for the ratings so it sounds very much like a manager job anywhere mm with more fun thrown in he said the only thing i can see you getting fucked
164. very strange situ cousin situ yeah um to which i found out he actually googled sex with your cousin i was like you did what? i said you do realize that that ' ll be on your computer now and we ' re not actually related i mean can you? let ' s back - track a second you do realize we ' re not actually related there ' s no blood please not be going there
165. over mistakes because if you ' d written a whole letter out typed a whole letter out and you made one mistake you didn ' t want to rewrite the entire document whereas as a com on a computer if you make a mistake you just go back and change it yeah that ' s why people can go really fast on the computer mm but when they ' re typing they make loads of mistakes and they go
166. t want to rewrite the entire document whereas as a com on a computer if you make a mistake you just go back and change it yeah that ' s why people can go really fast on the computer mm but when they ' re typing they make loads of mistakes and they go over them yeah i mean if you get if you do a lot of typing you do get used to it and you don '
168. but this is fun and then daphne and velma were er getting in the car too and they were all eggs all eggs except except shaggy and scooby? no scooby was on a computer he was like scooby was an egg? no he was on the computer so he wasn ' t an egg? no why do you keep saying that? because they have to be an egg he
169. too and they were all eggs all eggs except except shaggy and scooby? no scooby was on a computer he was like scooby was an egg? no he was on the computer so he wasn ' t an egg? no why do you keep saying that? because they have to be an egg he said all of them and that and that ' s how i figured out it was
171. when we ' re later in the writing course when they ' re like correcting each other ' s work that would be quite good cos they ' ll be able to edit it actually on the computer and they have a record of there rather than what do actually all the writing tasks on a computer? why not? well oh well because their exam is handwritten yeah i don ' t know the exam
172. s work that would be quite good cos they ' ll be able to edit it actually on the computer and they have a record of there rather than what do actually all the writing tasks on a computer? why not? well oh well because their exam is handwritten yeah i don ' t know the exam is handwritten and half of them need to practice their handwriting cos you can ' t if
177. done today that he misses me but he was watching me clean my room i just had him on cos i had to skype from my phone cos i couldn ' t do it from my computer i just had my phone propped up against my pencil pots and then i was just tidying my room you can skype him ah you can skype him on this can i? oh cos i
179. ' t really sit in the lounge i don ' t think what she just sits in her bedroom as well? er although yeah like someti no she ' ll sometimes she ' ll be on the computer mm but she ' d only really sit in the lounge when she was watching tv as well yeah like what what there ' s like nothing in the lounge you would just sit there and no but it '
183. pushing it i don ' t do work i think as soon as i go downstairs to eat that ' s it that ' s it when i come back upstairs that ' s it thing is that my computer ' s in the kitchen mm? my computer the lap the desktop ' s in the kitchen oh oh yeah so i ' m just like oh yeah you work downstairs have to be there stand yeah i can
195. that ' s what i ' ve been doing all day and all day yesterday well you better stop doing it well yeah i am cos my head you know when you ' ve been staring at a computer all day? yeah you my head ' s fucked yeah i ' d give it a break for a few days give it a break i just wanna get started with it you could start by doing guitar things
209. this is my number but for now use this one but i ' ve got his email because i said it ' s it ' s easier because rather than doing this yeah i can do it on the computer and i sent him the email and can copy in my friend er no but er and i er just so that he knows because the the thing is obviously if he ' s here i can say this is
211. the argument you know yeah well it was a case there with erm at and i noticed that was her name was there for objection and they were really furious with it ' s worth watching on the computer oh really? ab they were absolutely livid with him and they just because slated him i ' ve who ' s then? oh he ' s one of c c erm oh he ' s one
214. ' re not really ddo gonna do? i won ' t be doing a lot of manufacturing now because they erm i well i have to take a bit for time and erm on the computer and everything and i ' ve had to buy this other little program to convert these cmyk for the print mm erm and ' s being helpful cos i can ' t get pdfs in i
217. added oh you updated it did you? yeah i done it last night so next time i ' m home i might give you a quick lowdown but then i did it depends what you use your computer for you you don ' t really use it for much no we don ' t do we? but for us it ' s good because when you turn on your computer everything ' s already there for you
218. it depends what you use your computer for you you don ' t really use it for much no we don ' t do we? but for us it ' s good because when you turn on your computer everything ' s already there for you to click on so if you click on your mail application ' s got both his hotmail and his gmail linked to that account so even though he ' s got
219. matter so so that ' s that so but not much else has really happened yeah did you take lots of pictures? we did yeah we took loads of pictures we haven ' t put them on the computer yet we ' re still mm yeah you can have a look on the on the camera can ' t he? you can if you want yeah i need my i need i actually need my glasses can '
229. probably not i don ' t think anybody ever reads that kind of thing in detail i know because it ' s just too painful isn ' t it? but you can usually upload them on the computer and then obviously you can magnify it yes without a big problem no yes he does suffer from insomnia doesn ' t he? mm hm god that ' d get you off to sleep in
230. really matter erm so yeah no i ' ll probably wait i dunno we ' ll see and i spoke to the guy in boots about erm anti - mosquito stuff and he checked on his computer and it was really i asked one one woman and this little bloke came over who must be like in his mid - twenties seemed to be the pharmacist so like oh so where are
235. somewhere it ' s that diary of a wimpy kid or something oh right like i was started watching it yeah and then i was like this is really bad so i started watching stuff on the computer instead yeah you darn gone shit yourself oh they ' re going to church oh do people still do that? do they still like get dressed up to go to chur oh god i wouldn ' t
244. have to just play by the artist but you can ' t do that cos there ' s thousands of folders yeah well it has to be the jukebox it means plugging in the computer and do you really need that computer? i ' m using it a lot like in conjunction with the other one yeah well i ' ll get jukebox on mine download the music onto mine er how
246. how much space do i need? erm i don ' t know i guess my music comes to but then it ' s annoying because you can ' t listen to music and do stuff on the computer at the same time we need another computer you ' ll probably need about fifty - sixty gigs fifty - sixty gigs it ' s a guess how do i find out? just go to my computer well i
248. the computer at the same time we need another computer you ' ll probably need about fifty - sixty gigs fifty - sixty gigs it ' s a guess how do i find out? just go to my computer well i ' ve got on my local disc on my d drive yeah i ' ve got ninety - seven gigabytes free well you could put it on there but it ' s gonna take up most
250. can be in two bands can ' t you? but that ' s too much hard work you can ' t you haven ' t got the time to do that and to make your music on the computer and you ' re trying to do too much mm and one thing at a time yeah but apart from this one that ' s where my energy ' s gonna go yeah it ' s this year and i
263. if it doesn ' t happen i get really and i wanna throw it across the room yeah oh my my computer our it manager came to see me today about something and i was showing him on my computer and he was saying is it always this slow? i said because i ' m doing confidential things mm i have to lock my my computer mm even if i get up to go and speak to the woman
264. see me today about something and i was showing him on my computer and he was saying is it always this slow? i said because i ' m doing confidential things mm i have to lock my my computer mm even if i get up to go and speak to the woman yeah next to me yeah so i went watch control alt delete two three four five and then the screen came up for me yeah to
266. mm or play erm mahjong i ' ve got yeah? erm got the mahjong game and i play i play that why has that gone on there? play that on my computer i ' ve actually pl or on the ipad i actually found a erm a rea a really good one i used to play years ago and then i found it once you ' ve done it you
267. two beds anyway so he ' s he ' s gonna have a spare room and then he ' s gonna have erm the other room as his office have a desk set up on it with a computer and mm so yeah does he want a computer desk? he ' s got one oh yeah he took his one from here thank you i ' ve got a glass one have you? there ' s nothing
268. s gonna have a spare room and then he ' s gonna have erm the other room as his office have a desk set up on it with a computer and mm so yeah does he want a computer desk? he ' s got one oh yeah he took his one from here thank you i ' ve got a glass one have you? there ' s nothing wrong with it it ' s just too big
276. so no mm it ' s like trying to run er windows ninety - five mm you know it was only sixteen bit yeah i can ' t run any sixteen bit stuff on a thirty - two bit computer yeah but you did they did used to give that you know that compatibility thing they did yeah where you could actually set it up so that it would run yeah i don ' t know whether there ' s
279. i went onto ' s computer and i transferred the last one and finished my work to send it mm cos i can ' t send it with open office i have to then send it to this computer and then i have to save it here mm and send it from here yeah cos you can ' t because otherwise it ' ll all go wrong and they all the ones i did with open office were
285. s phones and there ' s there ' s there ' s email so email took her months to figure that one out really? and then oh yeah no access to the computer can ' t use it computer if you use it at school erm i ' ll report the teachers which is like seriously bad and it ' s like well how stupid does she think they she is in the united states you go to
289. i like your background it was like a japanese did you take that picture huh? no it ' s just off google let ' s have a look? i just shut down oh you shut down your computer? well i have to swap over to windows but i ' ll ah i ' ll reload that back up and you can see what is it you ' re running on if it ' s not windows
291. a four - player game it ' s not picking up player four no are you player four then? yeah put it as player two may get that to work why ' s your clock wrong on your computer? it ' s just on windows some reason it ' s wrong you ' re not player more you need to put player two don ' t you put it as the keyboard what game did you say we
292. still haven ' t eleven years ago no i have i ' ve seen it have we? yeah what printed? no it ' s on erm don ' t know if it ' s on the computer or not we ' ve definitely got a picture of it cos it looks a bit like an oyster doesn ' t it? it ' s it ' s a little like white dot slug and then as
293. remember the project? oh the project was about erm independence of india oh that ' s right yeah i remember that yeah i made pictures yeah made pictures? i dre i made pictures on the computer yeah ah that is do you remember with like? projects were so good but she ' d be fucking ah my god she is actually the she ' d go ot on it yeah holy shit oh her hers
296. top the top ones that he wanted it ' s not? no what ' s today ' s date? erm twenty - fifth is it the twenty - fifth? well it says that on your computer mm does it? is it the twenty - fifth? yeah it actually is it says that there yeah does say the twenty - fifth bloody hell twenty - fifth of au yeah cool so every time i see
297. so i can actually learn this is just organising that i ' m actually like loving here oh i ' ve got like loads of words that i need to learn how did you learn to be on the computer? i just mentioned epenthesis earlearlier erm you ' re so good on the computer is that just through what you do? or did you go on a little mini course i ' m
298. ve got like loads of words that i need to learn how did you learn to be on the computer? i just mentioned epenthesis earlearlier erm you ' re so good on the computer is that just through what you do? or did you go on a little mini course i ' m just a modern guy you know what i mean? i ' m so not modern i ' m just
302. know that ' s just what my daughter is going through at the moment i know she was at em last yesterday she was at em oh you know that photograph that i showed on the em on the computer today oh the one with with all the children on on on the sofa? all the babies all the babies yeah eh like like peas in a pond yeah and they were visiting em her friends that who who
303. manic monday wish it was sunday it ' s a good song the wrong day it ' s just another manic monday i ' ll have to work out how to get this from here onto the computer what do you mean? cos i ' ve done it as a voice memo on my phone so i ' m not entirely sure how how i ' d get it convert it yeah i ' m not
304. were in er i was gonna say have you been into since you moved here but we were in tk maxx yeah to get this weren ' t we in? yeah yeah i plugged your computer in your camera into my computer mm and er i was like it wouldn ' t do it because there ' s no battery in your camera and i was like oh well i do it on mine so without
305. say have you been into since you moved here but we were in tk maxx yeah to get this weren ' t we in? yeah yeah i plugged your computer in your camera into my computer mm and er i was like it wouldn ' t do it because there ' s no battery in your camera and i was like oh well i do it on mine so without the battery really? it wouldn
308. card reader? it ' s like a machine yeah where you take the card out of your camera yeah and you plug it in and it oh reads it so you can put it the pictures on your computer so then you ' ve plugged that machine in the yeah right cos it co cos some cards will go straight into the computer won ' t they? yeah but yours is funny so you need
309. oh reads it so you can put it the pictures on your computer so then you ' ve plugged that machine in the yeah right cos it co cos some cards will go straight into the computer won ' t they? yeah but yours is funny so you need a card reader well yeah it won ' t go in mine no but we are er he ' s got like four different slots on it
311. when you click on a game there ' s a button called play? yeah have you got ants in your pants? you right click one of the options is manual and you manual for the game onto computer and just read it oh but the manual for civilization tends to be the original civilization games had manuals that were like five hundred pages long and they came with huge charts and everything it was great great?
314. mind two years oh two years warranty on it so oh and they just looked they looked at it he looked at it and he went i said i can ' t get it to link on a computer i said it doesn ' t seem to want to charge i said i ' ve tried three different leads i ' ve tried two different charging packs that the lead goes into and i ' ve also tried it
315. ' s important yeah well not even not in like another part of the room it used to be that yeah you know? say somebody was in another part of the room with their laptop or on the computer mm mm i just want a time where they ' re d not even looking yeah yeah yeah they ' re not allowed don ' t scrape the spoon hold on us while you raise it all up was that
322. s i don ' t know it ' s basically what what is it? a way of finding a it ' s a dating agency? boyfriend okay but via it ' s like a matchmaking the computer yeah but if you just typed in exactly what you thought your ideal person was yeah er and then you also tapped in what your idea of an absolute nightmare would be yeah the chances are you ' re gonna
330. i ' ll i ' ll give her a text on your phone i ' ll get it is this ananother message from is this a third family? you can do write a message from your computer you know? no i can ' t cos i haven ' t got the latest telephone number i want to see who are his real family yeah yeah i know ' s family were a family that obviously
331. either flash player is disabled or activex filter is on yeah you should be good at laptops you ' re younger than me there is no settings no no no it ' s just not working the computer says no the computer says no i ' m not gonna do this mm have you tried it on the other laptop? did they work on that? that ' s bad because they haven ' t got flash
332. disabled or activex filter is on yeah you should be good at laptops you ' re younger than me there is no settings no no no it ' s just not working the computer says no the computer says no i ' m not gonna do this mm have you tried it on the other laptop? did they work on that? that ' s bad because they haven ' t got flash i know i don
341. yeah and what are all these other folders and stuff and you think oh well indeed no i thought well i was working on site and i thought well i ' ve got all this stuff on my computer mm i don ' t really want it get rid get rid get rid get rid rid rid rid rid go to have a look at it again on you know cos you can click on mm on your
343. understand why when i try and link on it it comes up with this server is not connected weird it is weird and i was thinking that perhaps it ' s something to do with the link on my computer right? yeah or maybe links to this server is not but i ' m not i don ' t know oh i don ' t think maybe the i might have a look in a minute and yeah see
347. pack as a multicolour then that c congratulations well done mate okay who are we on? me you can get this to play on the ipad on a tablet and play it by yourself against the computer i ' m doing it for maps as well honestly america and switzerland kept me entertained all the way on a flight so just playing by myself yeah so you second wait till this one cos whw
348. christmas i was fanning about on little routes i was telling dad you can get the game on er you can get it on the tablet can you? and you can play it like automatically with the computer the best one i pulled out was it was a stupid one you pulled out er thingy it was a stupid one to warsaw and you were no there was one i ' d already done and it was
349. all the time the only thing is they come through on here but it doesn ' t when i delete them it doesn ' t register on my hotmail account so when i go in on a computer i ' ve got like five thousand emails it ' s ridiculous that ' s so ridiculous well five minutes well em eh eh yeah eh yeah different shapes and sizes the app store yeah the app the app store
351. ? a work based health check as in eye tests back tests? you get a free eye test won ' t you? cos you ' re working yeah cos you work in front of a computer i think he just he just i think he did i don ' t want what it ' s called in history i i ' d call it a bachelors i don ' t know if it is a
354. ##s but mm do you want olives? give that a go? erm yeah yeah that would go black or green? erm black yeah? okay yeah i woke up this morning on my computer i ' ve got no friends i f i forgot to switch the what ' s the eating worms thing called? how does that go? erm cos that ' s what i feel like singing at
358. harassed her yeah they didn ' t believe it yeah and the the the worry is this this with the way computers are and everything they erm that ' s right cos you can watch on the computer yeah but now is in the same boat mm he he hasn ' t got a telly either he hasn ' t got a television yeah? never had one has he? erm no he hasn '
362. ' t i mean this revival in the housing market i don ' t i don ' t believe it because it if you look at the interest like say from the eighties what i was doing on the computer the other day mm how much a house cost now to how much it did cost and then what were you doing on the computer? i don ' t know i i i got the housing prices over like
363. at the interest like say from the eighties what i was doing on the computer the other day mm how much a house cost now to how much it did cost and then what were you doing on the computer? i don ' t know i i i got the housing prices over like twenty years and then i looked at the interest rates and the inflation and put that into the house prices and they ' re still
364. you can ' t talk you you wouldn ' t want to trust me talk to but it ' s a pity you can ' t have a conversation with him he ' s so into shit on the computer about israelites oh is he? and his and his black history why israel? er because that ' s where you know jesus came from the israelites oh okay so he ' s quite christian then?
365. i came in and did from nine till twelve and then i ' m done for the day and you know i ' ve got planning to do but i can sit in my pants at home on the computer yeah and do it yeah so i like that freedom yeah and the responsibility i had i i had to to completely grade them i had to observe them i had to make up the exams for the classes i
366. it ' s like you know ' s son yeah he doesn ' t write anything at all by hand cos has a compu him and he is very dyslexic he has a computer at school and mm he ' s got i think he ' s got voice recognition software he ' s got all he ' s got he ' s got all sorts of help but he doesn ' t write
371. papa nice seeing you again you ' re welcome you can always skype us anytime i know i know when you ' re not busy yeah i had to download skype again you lost it on your computer did you? yeah yeah when we was over there no i had to d no we lost sskype i know we lost skype but it ' s not cos er just because we was in
374. please hello want to come experience an enchantment why have you taken that away so i couldn ' t read it? i need to read this or i won ' t okay keep it on the computer so it ' s cool on the tablet head to the turney field tourney tourney i guess that means tournament field okay yeah and then go and check what i have here the game part and watch
375. the maths games no you won ' t you ' ll be doing a bath what maths games? you can do maths games later now don ' t forget tomorrow maths games on the computer tomorrow you ' re going to ' s house after school you ' re having round to play big? big yeah are you looking forward to that? big? you know brownies oh cos big '
376. i get restless with baths gerry likes to bath but i get a bit you know i i like it put the radio on okay i get a bit restless with the radio i need a radio television and computer on to be comfortable occupied you ' re like a little dog with adh yeah with attention deficit addh know your acronyms adhd attention deficit disorder add i think i am though ooh and now
377. now? yeah yeah cos we can still carry on nattering i could take out there well yeah wendy i ' m taking the out we ' re going? she ' s doing something on her computer no don ' t cry don ' t cry for me argenti when i kiss him he starts crying well i ' m not surprised don ' t it ' s alright he just needs he just gets a
378. said if you send me an email can you just text to say you ' ve sent me an email? mm which is what my neighbours do and then i ' ll make an effort to find a computer to look it up on mm mm so it ' s not very helpful having emails no but it ' s unsolicited it ' s better than not having the possibility of looking at the email at
379. reading things like on on the smartphone like used to reading you know news and stuff on it yeah something to yeah i like that um and that ' s really i i like reading on the uh the computer cos i am i am thinking about getting a kindle i might borrow one you can borrow them from work so i might borrow one to have a look at and see if i like it oh right
380. i know because i had to deal with when she did hers and all i ' ll never forget to be fair what she did was it wasn ' t h on her behalf but something happened to her computer right she just wrote a ten thousand word piece of work right? and the computer decided to close down and didn ' t save it so i saw her at the shop i saw her at the shop and
382. work that i spent two weeks doing i was like are you fucking joking me? and she was like no i was like oh my god been there and i went but i said if you switch that computer back on i said you think it hasn ' t saved it erm but but your computer ' s maybe backed it up anyway yep cos a lot of computers do and luckily what it had done is
384. backed it up you should yeah and i like i email it to myself and then i back it up on my hard drive i always put it and i have a hard copy on my yeah on my computer and then i normally send it to somebody else as well er i normally send it to you and stuff just so that i know that i ' ve got it it ' s what happened with my fucking er
386. the the thing with it is is that if you delete everything that you it could just look like you ' ve not actually bothered doing it yeah yeah and you ' d be going ah yeah my computer died and it deleted everything my dog ate it kind of yeah yeah and we got an email saying my computer ate my homework is not an excuse cos er that happened to didn ' t it? yeah
387. ' ve not actually bothered doing it yeah yeah and you ' d be going ah yeah my computer died and it deleted everything my dog ate it kind of yeah yeah and we got an email saying my computer ate my homework is not an excuse cos er that happened to didn ' t it? yeah she dropped her laptop and her laptop like the hard drive fucked or something yeah the hard drive yeah cos
388. ##s you ' re a pain in the arse so that fireplace can wait now until it ' s dried again in fact did you not save it? what? did you not save it to my computer? i uploaded it from there and i didn ' t need to change it so i ' ve got i ' ll show you have you not got er copies have you got a copy saved of it on
392. he had six little cards of bullet points didn ' t last terribly long he wrote it all out mm so ' s wasn ' t particularly long he wrote it all out typed it all out on the computer and it ' s one sheet of a4 oh okay ' s was probably three quarters but you ' re not allowed to read it so you need to bear that in mind mm no no oh that '
393. in interminably boring oh and er and then oh and then i had some trouble i still can ' t get it erm i was copying i transferred some er text from my ipad to the computer aha and er the formatting had gone crazy and it ' s still crazy and i tried to fix that and it was ah then it was like there ' s so much of this i ' m
396. while they wait that ' s why i wanna look at this app i think that app decent the app ' s really good honestly we had the only thing that puts me off a bit about playing the computer are things like that they can do you over can ' t they on like the turn up cards and things like that? no i don ' t think so it seems to be well i suppose it '
397. set to yeah can you pick easy medium or difficult? yeah i played it on the on the plane and it kept me more than like kept me quiet for like an hour i pl kept playing the computer like three times what ' s your thoughts about when the owners are gonna turn up? i dunno i mean i ' ll have i ' ll have internet tomorrow er well i can send a message send
401. that ' s good he didn ' t get it to his annoyance but er it ' s good to be shortlisted or you teach yourself yeah i mean i had a i had a language program on the computer which was good for french right for free? i g er i got it as a present from my dad once oh right but like pr quite a proper one what languages does he speak? he speaks f
404. goodness curried noodles da da la down down down down down down da down down down down down well put it on let ' s listen i haven ' t got it well it ' s on the computer i don ' t think so oh god you come from don ' t you? you can get anything on that computer just google it yeah but the oh i see and you just google it mike oldfield
405. let ' s listen i haven ' t got it well it ' s on the computer i don ' t think so oh god you come from don ' t you? you can get anything on that computer just google it yeah but the oh i see and you just google it mike oldfield oh god and it ' ll play it you ' ve come from you get your look anything you wanna find out about
406. are good oh really? in egg oh they are that ' s lovely mm well there you go then have that tonight no i ' ll have pork pie tonight homemade pork pie look erm on the computer right? yeah the erm i forget what it ' s called the iobit oh yeah systemcare thing yeah did it update? yeah no i mean not update did the licence renew? yeah yeah it
407. a licence and who doesn ' t you know but they sort of but you haven ' t got a telly have you? no no no but if you watch you can watch telly on a computer now you can you you can get a card er oh yeah a telly ca er key yeah er erm receiver yeah on the back of your computer right? and also you can watch live telly
408. you watch you can watch telly on a computer now you can you you can get a card er oh yeah a telly ca er key yeah er erm receiver yeah on the back of your computer right? and also you can watch live telly streamed sometimes oh you can you know bbc have started streaming live telly yeah yeah and you er you aren ' t supposed to wa you can only watch
409. ' t know like i think i ' m just obsessive in general yeah but i it ' s like not i don ' t know if it ' s like healthy to like sit on the computer like to read like i don ' t sit on the computer all day i know but like looking at stuff like vicariously yeah i actually yeah i kind of do spend more time on the computer than i
410. ##sive in general yeah but i it ' s like not i don ' t know if it ' s like healthy to like sit on the computer like to read like i don ' t sit on the computer all day i know but like looking at stuff like vicariously yeah i actually yeah i kind of do spend more time on the computer than i do reading actual books it just gets really fucking annoying like this
411. the computer like to read like i don ' t sit on the computer all day i know but like looking at stuff like vicariously yeah i actually yeah i kind of do spend more time on the computer than i do reading actual books it just gets really fucking annoying like this feeling of just like having all these tabs and just like yeah and you know there ' s these studies that you can ' t
414. i mean i ' ve got all the artistic ability of a squadron of tanks well i don ' t i can ' t even draw a matchbox that was recognisable i can on a computer but yeah not with a pen and er or pencil no no no i ' ve done erm i ' ve done drawing on the computer and it ' s been you know quite interesting mm got about four
415. matchbox that was recognisable i can on a computer but yeah not with a pen and er or pencil no no no i ' ve done erm i ' ve done drawing on the computer and it ' s been you know quite interesting mm got about four more minutes to do oh ah oh someone ' s approaching with er talking yeah talk he ' s a he ' s be a good candidate
416. and en three d then? yeah well and en eight yeah well what would happen was people would ring up and ask us for it yeah and then i would do a er ch stop check on the computer yeah but i worked for a chap called who was absolutely amazing quite an appropriately named guy really for steel yeah yeah he and her erm he used to get these substandard gasometers and
418. ever checked it though cos they ne you know unlike this eh hot yoga which is a start date end date yeah and it ' s all computerised they take it and check it all on the computer they never checked it so i it ' s a bit fraudulent but i went for a good eight months for twenty - five quid yeah you cheeky woman i ' m very cheeky well i '
421. you got the old woman on there? i ' ll just go and look up this house now look at the house yeah see if it ' s for sale you can ' t the is on the computer no i ' ll put the other one on hammonds you said? hammonds lee okay why have i got picture of the o i don ' t know really well every time you look at her that
423. oh remind me that i want yeah to see him next week erm when we went last year he was quality really? he was so good because like erm i ' ll show you on the computer of like the way the way it goes so you ' ve got the tickets for it? yeah i ' m really excited cos like it ' s obviously like it ' s two weeks after his birthday
425. to send that to? well no it ' s ' s computer you ' ve got to ask his permission well no you ' re logged in on yours do you mind if i send something from your computer on my log in on it it ' s it something that ' s used nationally in fact internationally? exactly would that be okay? i couldn ' t care less i didn ' t think you could oh
426. a a a top quality picture without the smart functionality i don ' t know mm or there are some good cos you can get you can oh look at blooming look at the internet on your computer can ' t you? yeah i know it ' s a bigger screen but i want a tv purely for viewing things i ' ll have rose rose the only advantage mostly of a smart tv is i mean
427. don ' t know dear i ' m not that well up on that part of right erm europe er have to get an atlas might have it he ' ll get it on the oh on the computer i can show you where it is tablet yeah you can get it on the computer easily mm yeah lake bled it was nice it was lovely and we were we didn ' t have a lot of money that
428. right erm europe er have to get an atlas might have it he ' ll get it on the oh on the computer i can show you where it is tablet yeah you can get it on the computer easily mm yeah lake bled it was nice it was lovely and we were we didn ' t have a lot of money that year so we went there cos it was er so much cheaper mm mm and
431. on oh i ' m sure she ' ll be more than happy oh they ' re back anyway she doesn ' t have a printer does she? no? yeah she doesn ' t even own a computer does she not? no oh they ' re back hiya wow like that very smart
436. you went to yeah we went to didn ' t we all go to one together? the the one about deafness yeah the family yeah yeah the stressed family the guy ' s learning chinese on his computer her dad oh yeah yeah yeah the the the the the loudmouth dad it ' s funny though she ' s she just goes straight from light into what do you mean? well er it ' s funny
438. ' s too large mm yeah to send but this mm i can ' t remember what did she call it now? anyway erm i managed to do it which i surprised myself oh mm and my computer skills are not brilliant oh well and erm well done yeah so er got my computer but i wish i knew more so that one ' s good now what ' s this one? about your move oh
451. to sit in ah and then then you spoon then you do the whisking then the whisk all the whisking mm good job you ' re here doyle what is wrong with your computer? doesn ' t your computer have a name? no oh it should we didn ' t sift our flour never mind oh no sift the flour and salt into a large bowl didn ' t so
453. there are a lot of lion king sequels and prequels which they ' ve done to explain suppressed you have to go and have a look so as you know why not to take the back off the computer but i ' m happy never to take the back off the computer why would you do it? exactly i wouldn ' t do it i draw a line opening the bonnet a steering wheel and three pedals
454. ' ve done to explain suppressed you have to go and have a look so as you know why not to take the back off the computer but i ' m happy never to take the back off the computer why would you do it? exactly i wouldn ' t do it i draw a line opening the bonnet a steering wheel and three pedals is where i start that ' s it it ' s something to
455. s where the airport was yeah er no remember that first time when i went on ' s phone and i saw that she had like ninety - four tabs open? i thought that was on a computer you know yeah well we ' ll still have fucking leave them open options open right? you might wanna go back to it i didn ' t know yeah there was stuff there from er six months ago though
457. you wouldn ' t believe this right but she said that ' s the partner they ' re not really married the partner who she ' s living with er has has shouted through he ' s on the computer again and he ' s got a good one and he ' s just shouted through i ' ve got a good one here look at this so she i ' ve just shouted to him hang on a minute
458. best bit i mean we never got to write anything you know to do anything like that not that i remember anyhow so would you prefer to get your information from a book or from your television your computer? erm you get it where you can i think don ' t you? yeah it ' s you ' re doing it in probably going towards more the books because yeah of the sort of academic integrity
466. and things as well don ' t she? and oh probably the wrong thing bakers are always fat and she said also that erm when she was doing her dissertation she was just sat at the computer and just eating while she was like you know yeah yeah i thought that you know like if we just so she didn ' t have any exercise and if you really throw yourself into your studies you could just
472. he ' s picking you up and he you ' re gonna be with him from friday to monday mm because i ' m gonna do one erm s meeting of exams on friday at home on the computer and then on saturday i ' m driving a long long way away to do the other exam meeting and then i ' ve got to wait for the exam scripts to arrive from the a level because they '
476. lot of time standing up yeah i ' m not very good standing in high heels no actually i can find the one of i was just gonna save all of erm the ones on facebook to his computer as well oh okay yeah i saved a couple i chose some of ' s and i ' ve saved a couple on my phone i think she took some good ones but you can see i don ' t
481. have a look at the i ' ve got the printout it ' s in the study actually if you have a yeah look at the printout see if that resembles anything that you put into the computer if it doesn ' t then er i guess go in maybe tomorrow and just say look this isn ' t what i put into the computer i don ' t know where this has come from it needs to
482. printout see if that resembles anything that you put into the computer if it doesn ' t then er i guess go in maybe tomorrow and just say look this isn ' t what i put into the computer i don ' t know where this has come from it needs to go to this person sorry about that yeah no worries uh yeah that would er yeah i would cos we wouldn ' t just have entered
485. big that i i - pad? the i - pad i can now connect it to the computer mm mm computer oh oh well to the to that big screen that was there he has a big screen computer i thought it was a tv not a computer i actually thought it was a tv i was like ah but it wasn ' t right so you can do all of your? i could use it as a
486. - pad i can now connect it to the computer mm mm computer oh oh well to the to that big screen that was there he has a big screen computer i thought it was a tv not a computer i actually thought it was a tv i was like ah but it wasn ' t right so you can do all of your? i could use it as a mini computer yeah but you can ' t type
487. it was a tv not a computer i actually thought it was a tv i was like ah but it wasn ' t right so you can do all of your? i could use it as a mini computer yeah but you can ' t type? you can get a keyboard ah i need to do my so were you streaming that football match or was it from the tv? yeah it was coming from no coming
496. got his computer and then went along with it for a little bit of time and then at the end of it he says well i think you ' re an absolute because i don ' t have a computer that would be pretty funny what did they say to that? sorry please come again what? i tell you what you could you could hold the line like like that for ages couldn ' t you oh i
497. did they say to that? sorry please come again what? i tell you what you could you could hold the line like like that for ages couldn ' t you oh i ' ll just boot my computer up hang on and all this that and the other mm you could make noises and then when that that come to everything you just turn around and say you do realise i ' ve h i ' ve had
500. nice yeah i like to know what ' s playing that tell you what ' s playing but yeah can it see you? all these secret little things that they keep sticking in like all this well your computer camera you can ' t even cover it up it ' s just looking at you all of the time yeah i have to turn ours round i won ' t have those sometimes it comes on on its own
503. d be upside down most of the time oh i know i don ' t know why that is yeah cos people haven ' t got if they haven ' t got their privacy settings correct on their computer yeah you can use their ip address get in yeah you can and then look through their webcam yeah and people have actually used it to see what ' s in people ' s houses and stuff like that
507. other people and mm erm and also nnot necessarily even that just talking i know that when was hello there ' s a genetic problem in their family oh yeah they actually got to talk over the computer you know oh yeah? to people in all s in in america and all places oh yeah? and she found that just so helpful talking to real people oh right who ' d had real pregnancies
508. parents actually yeah erm and then she got i er an hour a week every week just with i dunno one to one with somebody and then extra time with everything mm er able to bring a computer in instead of having to yeah to write stuff yeah extra time er and she would not be in university if she hadn ' t had that label yeah yeah cos she also got extra points yeah and everything
514. chips does eat chips? no don ' t think so okay oh over the maybe yyou should get out in the garden as well sometime today otherwise you ' re just stuck in your room on the computer i will today will you come and sit down again? yeah you can have some pudding in a minute not yet though just let your food go down you can have some ice cream okay thank you you better
518. the hd one we used to have a tv over there and that was the computer over there well first off there ' s nothing in this room first off the baby room was an office room with a computer that ' s where the computer was originally i hated that room hated it? i thought it was amazing and then then we moved it till we just it was just like a teenage room instead of a monitor
519. have a tv over there and that was the computer over there well first off there ' s nothing in this room first off the baby room was an office room with a computer that ' s where the computer was originally i hated that room hated it? i thought it was amazing and then then we moved it till we just it was just like a teenage room instead of a monitor we just had a big tv
522. ' t be able to tell just looking from the racks probably well clothes you can only tell by looking at the pictures okay i ' ll have a look you go back when you go back on the computer now i think maybe you have to stop the game tonight cos it ' s getting late and then what do you mean? forever tonight? yeah forever tonight why? because it ' s you ' re
525. time and that ' s why i was saying to you can we go now please? but you went to erm and you said just this shop right flats er and then you sat there on your computer flats thirty - eight these ones? perhaps forty - eight fifty must be these ones er that ' s tell you what what about these ones? fifty - seven why er not do the one that was probably
526. dunno if you can do it anymore i ' ve got i haven ' t got a phone so i ' ve gotta check but i ' ve got his number yeah i ' ll just check the computer at home tonight okay break me off a little piece of chocolate where ' s your phone? in my bag do you know how to drive the way do you know the way home? actually don ' t
527. don ' t know what he ' s been doing before since up to then i mean the thing is those jobs are fine and fun oh i i want you to help me change some text on my computer okay as long as you er as long as it ' s not for life mm don ' t you think? you don ' t want to do dishwashing have salad if you want erm what
531. as well so it wouldn ' t have been particularly enjoyable er so on the way back we stopped at the first pub we came to yeah for lunch yeah and there was a lady there playing on her computer and yes they were open the whole time there we were the only people that went in that pub oh god three of us it was really weird what was the food like? excellent oh absolutely excellent she cooked
534. you know i dunno i should imagine that does it direct so well yeah yeah but i can ' t be bothered now i got well thousands and thousands of well hundreds and hundreds of songs on the computer i never listen to them well you never listen to them i ' ve got stacks of cassettes yeah i never listen to them i just as soon like stick on radio six and that ' s it just
536. a list of all list of which would take a years he wouldn ' t even er probably just scans yeah probably just scans doesn ' t it? doesn ' t matter or yeah takes or on a computer and he does a check and he can ' t find the so therefore it yeah pro but it it ' s it ' s there ' s me it ' s ranting my bloody fault in the first
544. in and they ' d got a big push on using ict fine lesson i was interviewed in i was in a hut i had no computer in there that actually worked even there wasn ' t even a computer that worked and there was no white board so i thought well okay the only way i can get any sort of ict and maybe i ' ll use an overhead projector so i used an overhead projector
551. thing you ' d be like yeah me too like let ' s talk about it no but like let ' s go get a coffee yeah? no but like get a coffee you can hide behind a computer screen and have a facebook group because you ' re hiding like it ' s not face to face you know? yeah no no yeah that ' s exactly why that ' s exactly why they were doing it
552. stuff woodwork it and home economics in one exam oh wow interesting it? yeah so did you have to try and combine them so you used it in the kitchen and? did you knit yourself a computer or something? i got a c which i was really disappointed with cos i was always good at it but not so good at crafts and mm and how ' s your cooking dave? that cake was
553. so i so this is well it was before i student ' s found it very amusing that there ' s like and all the others working away with these fingerless gloves and their like breath hitting the computer screen and condensing and cos we had no heating at that stage and em oh it was just hers and he was like so you ' ve come from one employment to another employment where completely different
557. ##y stuff you know yeah of the like twenty of the that kind of era yeah it was just really great stuff but the lyrics were kind of real devilish i ' ve got a load on my computer i ' ll play oh i ' d like to listen yeah i ' ll play to you on christmas day oh i yeah a bit of nazi propaganda on christmas day what could be more it ' s great
558. once a month religiously yeah on the first of every month i back mine up and wipe my phone except for my messages i wipe all the pictures videos everything after i ' ve loaded them onto my computer because otherwise my phone was slow mm so hi hi hello that ' s fine yeah sure uhu erm what time did i finish work? or what time was i actually out till? erm i
559. two the guy is right good i think i said then i ' ve been around you too long toon been to toon been to toon erm but yeah i have editing software on my computer so i just yeah take out stuff like that yeah and erm if you take out the police log number as well yeah i will thank you and your mum ' s sort code and account number good that
562. t even use it any more and it ' s just sitting under my bed and i really but then you don ' t i don ' t really need it any more cos i have like a computer at work when i need to check things i have my phone yeah that ' s about it really and even now tv ' s have the internet on so yeah they do and you can yeah cos i
564. how ' s that sound? and i said bloody awful i said i can hear all sorts of things yeah i said what ' s that bloody row? he said that ' s the fan on his computer he said you ' ve got to realise you haven ' t been hearing like that yeah yeah yeah and that ' s how you should be hearing and i said yeah well i don ' t wanna hear all
569. few staples in it of course so okay then so then so ' s work is looking few and far between we ' ll have to do erm i ' ll do an invoice on the computer later because i think i i ' ll send one in now in march yeah he ' s gonna pay erm he he said three hundred quid alright? i said oh i said yes so well it
570. tell a lie i ' ve got a spare memory stick so i can put it on that for you give it to you then i can and give it back to you you could put it on your computer and then you could give it back to me yeah yay can we do that? yeah oh that ' s awesome thank you okay when do we well i ' ll see you tomorrow don ' t i
573. on it apparently there isn ' t anything to this day mm in the world that actually does what he thinks it should do yeah there are sort of censorships there is yeah on your tv on your computer settings not something that you can pick up before i go to bed i ' m gonna check in and just see what my kid was looking at for about two hours of the day you know and that why
579. t like oh i see to take all your photos off? well i could take the mem i could take the memory card out and put it on the phone oh and then put it on the computer you see or i can put things onto the memory card and then on the phone oh i see so so it already had a slot for the memory? yeah a memory card yeah so yeah yeah that '
583. don ' t know i was gonna apply for a job there actually why didn ' t you? no i am going to it ' s a cos i i just put tabs up on my computer of jobs i see and then gradually i apply for them but i haven ' t applied for that one yet it ' s a digital marketing assistant at the oh royal shakespeare company that could sounds quite fun that
584. right i ' ll take this for mm take it round to her house i suppose would have been handy having a printer as well huh? handy having a printer yeah but she can ' t use a computer very well she ' s not good erm so she so she can understand but she ' s not very business orientated mm she come home separate told me er last email he said they sold their house
585. for a reduction in the in the their charges mm they ' ve not been very good they ' re bloody useless they ' ve got the most awful reputation and she ' d known if she used her computer before she could ' ve gone online and seen their reviews about them yeah and it ' s just awful but this is where you ' re also much more vulnerable when you don ' t you know you can
608. college they ' re running a bar at college as part of the that ' s a joke isn ' t it? right looks like they ' ve done it i ' ve got that logged on the computer have you done it? have you done it? i ' ve got those locked on the computer we can ' t find the thing no the sleeve no no but they must they must do one i can
609. ' t it? right looks like they ' ve done it i ' ve got that logged on the computer have you done it? have you done it? i ' ve got those locked on the computer we can ' t find the thing no the sleeve no no but they must they must do one i can ' t believe they don ' t cos they talk about adapters and the other getting late
610. it as a jpeg send it again just save it as a jpeg i just put it in the picture you see yeah i mean maybe it may well be it can ' t come off my computer now cos of the erm cos i know is every so careful when she ' s taking when you take pictures of erm the youth group and that you ' ve got to have their permission
618. fox? well it ' s like it ' s just well i don ' t know yeah whatever i don ' t like google anymore i use mozilla fox on the other on dad ' s computer and it works fine and i ' m happy with it and it ' s nice i don ' t know why we went on off it we went off internet explorer because we thought microsoft taking over the world
621. ' ll find out i could just look up the hundred best uh well that ' s not quite that wasn ' t what we were after um well i c i could have a go on the other computer maybe no it ' s alright harry potter have y have you not googled like british m made movies made in britain or films made in britain or something? alright i ' ll try that or um well
624. i just i can ' t be bothered to go to sleep yeah i think i ' m a bit fed up at the minute yeah so i ' ll keep playing the scrabble games on the computer yeah and i keep doing this and then i go to bed and i think well actually i might as well just finish doi and i ' m just well you ' re not tiring yourself out are you
631. to do with tax isn ' t it sorry sorry you know she know more than me sorry what they actually give you money for a computer? suppose you earnt they give you money free for a computer if you write to them and say i need a computer they give you the money? no no they don ' t give you any money that ' s you we for you to do that ' s your
632. know she know more than me sorry what they actually give you money for a computer? suppose you earnt they give you money free for a computer if you write to them and say i need a computer they give you the money? no no they don ' t give you any money that ' s you we for you to do that ' s your allowance you you decide you want the computer yeah so you
642. my laptop? like don ' t you know where there ' s like a screen and you can make like er do you mean like paint? yeah like the painting where you draw stuff paint on the computer there i don ' t i don ' t actually think there is a paint on erm i haven ' t found one on my computer we can try and look for one i don ' t think there
643. ? yeah like the painting where you draw stuff paint on the computer there i don ' t i don ' t actually think there is a paint on erm i haven ' t found one on my computer we can try and look for one i don ' t think there ' s one that comes ready installed but do you know where frizz is on? frizz? frip frip is
644. paint but i thought i think that ' s a kind of erm cos i have looked for paint before and i can ' t remember well i do because on windows which is the type of computer that mummy and daddy have got downstairs it ' s really easy to find paint but on here i don ' t think there ' s one that comes ready loaded onto the computer so we will have a look
645. which is the type of computer that mummy and daddy have got downstairs it ' s really easy to find paint but on here i don ' t think there ' s one that comes ready loaded onto the computer so we will have a look and see if there is an app for it oh there ' s lots of them there ' s lots of them wow but i don ' t want to pay for one particularly
651. zachary zachary chacady why can ' t they say it though? just copy the sound? i don ' t know we play screen golf and i erm i typed his name in on the computer mine was is like people kind of like in like japanese yeah yeah and he came out came out as so golf yeah i just said golf golp yeah it ' s terrible so i have to teach them
652. an example aren ' t you? yeah i ' ll just grab these too why are you grabbing so many? are you gonna start cataloguing them? maybe ah are you gonna do it with your computer? you want a spreadsheet do you? i wanted to know how many we had just i wanted to know how many cds i had yeah cos i ' ve never counted i wonder if any
654. so definitely in two of them what about the core module we ' re both doing? what ' s the assessment for that? it ' s just mm i ' m not sure actually grab me my computer mm should get all this stuff handy on the erm on the handheld thing really that ' s what it ' s designed for isn ' t it? what all our documents and well just both of our
656. ##s that ' s not so i and i did say to him i would like to stay in the hotel in delhi mm are you dressed yeah than you are oh i think he was looking at your computer no why did you think that? well you sound as though you ' re in the spare room and not doing anything why wouldn ' t i? oh look you weren ' t planning on leaving it there
659. computer yeah i ' ve i ' ve loaded on the mind your own business program yeah the accounting program i ' ve got a backup i ' ve got got i ' ve backed up from the pink computer which is starting to go wrong erm i ' ve cos it ' s got a pink screen you know mm so i ' ve backed up i ' ve took that and i have reinstalled
664. isn ' t it then? yeah it won ' t be sixty - four yeah so erm and then if i select that and then put download will it download it and open it on my new computer and get all mixed up? well it ' ll you have to have it downloaded to when i select download will i get an option yeah of where to download it to? yes of course yeah you '
665. your stick you see and then you take it out on a stick yeah and put it in your but i ' m worried that when i click this download thing it just gonna woof it into my computer and well you just and get all mixed up you just cancel it you just cancel if that ' s going into your computer that ask you where you ' re going to go to it will ask me where
666. that when i click this download thing it just gonna woof it into my computer and well you just and get all mixed up you just cancel it you just cancel if that ' s going into your computer that ask you where you ' re going to go to it will ask me where it ' s gotta go too will it? yeah it won ' t just woof it in and stick it where it
668. dropbox dropbox yeah that ' s i ' ve got like five different back - ups to use yeah it ' s definitely advisable like it ' s good to have something like on your computer and external hard drive and then like an internet source on some cloud mm yeah that ' s what you call it a cloud nowadays? yeah the cloud the cloud the cloud yeah yeah it ' s probably better
669. yeah so who was like fourteen fifteen he was a bit of an emo kid he had like a fringe cross face he was very dark haired and he i walked past him and i saw on his computer that he was researching gang rape on wikipedia and he was talking about i know right? and was like talking about it and laughing about it so me being me was like okay i can ' t ignore it
670. a friend of ours who worked in she worked for like high street kind of recruitment and her manager would like steal erm cvs from her and like take them over and would like lock down her computer and like oh that ' s just in in in jobs that cos it ' s commission there ' s a bit of a fight yeah really oh yeah yeah so would like yeah like i thought you meant
673. you usually find your way about don ' t you? is not a big village is it so? no well if you want in a in a bit we ' ll go we can look on the computer and we ' ll get the i ' ll get a thing of up get a map up yeah and see where it is and then you ' ll go oh yeah i know where that is i know where
674. if he ever needed to erm i just think they could have offered cos he goes in and unless he ' s got a client meeting it ' s very much like well he sits at a computer and he takes calls and answers emails and it ' s like well he could do that at home mm you know if he needed to yeah and for example you know there ' s gonna you know there '
676. are you gonna go up in the loft and have a look? i ' m tempted to try and just download a computer programme where if i just put my headphones on and plug it into my computer i can get any effect i want er something like that must exist and a power supplies are only a couple of quid though aren ' t they? yeah i need to look into it i just haven
678. word i ' d use really? they would um you ' d get mem er st members of the team that could happily go a whole shift without talking to you they would just sit on the computer and it was like an office - based job mhm it was my first experience of that and there was a lot of cliques and you ' d be like as a freelancer you kind of weren
683. you do the theory test before you can apply for your yep main test but you can do practice ones on did he mention anything about a theory test? nope yeah you can do practice ones on the computer as well yeah so well it ' s good that you can actually learn how to drive before you pass your theory test because in spain you have to pass your theory test before you can get behind the wheel
684. on paper? uh photos? well i had them blown up okay but they ' re larger uh huh like i said i want those well what we can do is that we can scan those into the computer so it doesn ' t really matter what size they are yeah yeah yeah and then turn them into a digital document that we can then sure sure i think what you could be getting you could be having a
685. course you don ' t throw anything away we should we could be found dead under piles of paper well if you want to put the newspaper thing in as well we can scan that in yes into the computer yes yes yes that could be a good idea yeah i ' m i ' m sure that because um her reaction when i told her that had died because when she was young she was four years older than
688. drawn in and they ' re all ov over the place they ' re not all lined up oh right so difficult to read not oh i see er yeah so it needs to be put in a computer and then also but sh the manuscript is quite narrow the you can get it needs to be made bigger you see so bigger notes yeah and we ' ve got three pages well we ' ve got a page
694. shades of red yeah give give give have have a different value yeah erm and he wanted to know that if you could have a look at one and match another one to it somehow yeah on a computer i don ' t know is he a multimillionaire and don ' t know about it? yeah i mean you ' ve even got that signed i have the shadows one up there signed shadows it
695. like i broke my collar bone and i couldn ' t use my right hand so i had to like try and draw erm write with my left hand i mean like if they let me use a computer cos it was in primary school additional password required mm i asked for more transfer funds they ' re willing to give me this much money okay i ' ll accept it that ' s so much money i
698. be ah a bit more generous on dimensions mm and it ' s really more or less just priced by weight yes and ah is it hermes where you can print off the erm postal stamp on the computer? stamp yes on your printer and then you take it to the ah local corner shop don ' t you? you do yes i think that erm follows a a german model where when the deuts
705. right so i can then play the same game it ' ll pick up what i ' m doing on the the electric guitar oh so you coh so you can just set up a button on the computer and do it? and it ' ll give me the notes like in rock band yeah cool erm but i can do it on my pc to the yeah instead of always being stuck here with noise yeah
706. shoulder that you were saying you ' ve got pain in yes mm mm so it ' s not so much the mouse but it could still be posture yeah i notice when i ' m playing on my computer sometimes i feel an ache in there mm so mm but anyway it means that i ' d be able to practise guitar stuff at the pc as well yeah er but it ' s only er er
707. erm you ' re getting loads of rubbish like downloaded to all these things are d happening whenever you go online it ' s really bad erm we need to try and sort it out on your computer and i was like hang on a minute who are you? mm you haven ' t given me any id or anything like this so they were like oh yes erm well your address is this and you
709. then they wanted me to type in event something or other and i was like hang on a minute i ' m not doing this mm what ' s i kept asking what is this gonna do to my computer when i ' ve done it? mm and they wouldn ' t tell me wow so i was like okay i ' ve gotta go erm but but then i looked up on talktalk website afterwards yeah
711. are getting really flustered and and i ' m like you know yeah also hot fix two point three er you know they should override that but tell you what if you can do it on your computer and tell me what you see when you type this in and then start giving them all sorts of shit but it ' s really if you ' ve got the patience to do that it ' s normally a
718. using the phone more than you ' re using internet or how it were with mine cos i very rarely go on it i don ' t know i ' m going to have to email them on computer i really don ' t know mum it might be you know? i have to ask but i ' m gonna email microsoft and just say to them look stop asking me for security information i am who i
719. right password that i ' m logging in with stop asking me doing my head in cos like i ' ve there ' s certain things that i get emailed that i need to have on my computer yeah so then i have to like erm keep forwarding them to different email addresses so i can get them and it ' s so annoying yeah but i ' ll sort it out i ' ll email
723. back how do you cancel your license when i ' ve i can ' t how do i contact them? there ' s no more they don ' t send you any more stuff tv license on the computer search it will come up yeah and then but how do you have you done your you haven ' t have you? i can tell no you ' re right you promised me that would be done no i
725. send it off get it done we even found the site didn ' t we? the barclay card site no i ' ve got i ' ve i ' ve got the form the fill out on the computer you don ' t need the form you do it on the computer and press the button that sounds easy fill it in well i i i started doing it at ours at my house it ' s not as
726. t we? the barclay card site no i ' ve got i ' ve i ' ve got the form the fill out on the computer you don ' t need the form you do it on the computer and press the button that sounds easy fill it in well i i i started doing it at ours at my house it ' s not as easy because you get the questions no he didn ' t have some
730. s fine no but if that goes tits up well how many copy backups do you need? people only have one back up the i the external drive is my drive it ' s not on the computer i don ' t keep anything one the computer why not? i ' m jolly lucky cos if it had been all on the computer i would have nothing now no you have it all on the computer
732. the external drive is my drive it ' s not on the computer i don ' t keep anything one the computer why not? i ' m jolly lucky cos if it had been all on the computer i would have nothing now no you have it all on the computer and you back it up on your drive that ' s you can set your computer up to do that automatically yeah it will copy everything off
733. i don ' t keep anything one the computer why not? i ' m jolly lucky cos if it had been all on the computer i would have nothing now no you have it all on the computer and you back it up on your drive that ' s you can set your computer up to do that automatically yeah it will copy everything off your computer onto your hard drive well that ' s not the way
734. lucky cos if it had been all on the computer i would have nothing now no you have it all on the computer and you back it up on your drive that ' s you can set your computer up to do that automatically yeah it will copy everything off your computer onto your hard drive well that ' s not the way i had it and it ' s a good job i didn ' t because said
735. have nothing now no you have it all on the computer and you back it up on your drive that ' s you can set your computer up to do that automatically yeah it will copy everything off your computer onto your hard drive well that ' s not the way i had it and it ' s a good job i didn ' t because said dad do you want to hold your stuff off the computer and co
737. ' t do anything to it didn ' t have my documents on so i could just unplug it and put it in my laptop and carry on you see if they ' d been on that computer no but if it had been on that computer and backed up yeah okay right and that that ' s how people normally do it it ' s a separate hard drive that you back up on i haven '
738. have my documents on so i could just unplug it and put it in my laptop and carry on you see if they ' d been on that computer no but if it had been on that computer and backed up yeah okay right and that that ' s how people normally do it it ' s a separate hard drive that you back up on i haven ' t finished telling you what i ' m frightened
739. up um yeah sort of notting hill and er you know um posher places mm um and then a few more and then i think that was probably late seventies well it ' ll be on my computer i expect but yeah late seventies something like that dunno or i can look it up here on my clever phone oh right or well whatever you whatever you prefer yeah actually i ' ve just gotta check something
740. had er mm mm which you know when you go in to the hosting er website which holds all the information you ' ve got a web er um download on there so you can download it to your computer but you know i tried it dozens of times and it just won ' t download onto the mac it it oh doe did it first time on er on the er um on the compaq and then
741. earnings of last year for instance mm they know what people earn because they say they set your tax limits you know your tax rate you know your that ' s true if it ' s all on the computer it should be quite easy exact exact and they ' re all linked in isn ' t that a problem anyway having every your whole life on the computer yeah but it ' s all there already so yeah but
742. ' s true if it ' s all on the computer it should be quite easy exact exact and they ' re all linked in isn ' t that a problem anyway having every your whole life on the computer yeah but it ' s all there already so yeah but they ' ve got it now with cars and it works with the car er the car thing doesn ' t it insurance tax mot is all on
743. i thought how much do i actually eat am i consuming more calories than i ' m actually using cos i and especially it ' s like a desk job i ' m just sat at a computer when i was on the dowie i was moving around you know playing with the kids yeah you ' re up you hardly ever sitting down no so then you think i can have that slide of cake in
745. it ' s just too concentrated but er i don ' t know it ' s er yeah shall we just go and shall we go and sit in the study? yes and then we can switch the computer off and everything erm and erm yeah so erm did you have a good trip up? yeah not bad at all you know it ' s it ' s i mean it ' s it '
748. a telly they can go away and get a c a a search warrant yeah yeah mm and then they come back with the police right and then they can search your house and can check your your computer and all this sort of stuff oh course you can watch watch telly on the computer can ' t you? well you need a tv card don ' t you? you do yeah mostly so they can
749. mm and then they come back with the police right and then they can search your house and can check your your computer and all this sort of stuff oh course you can watch watch telly on the computer can ' t you? well you need a tv card don ' t you? you do yeah mostly so they can see if there ' s one of them stuck in the back oh yeah course and er
751. my auntie is the same she ' s an accountant and she technically starts at eight but she gets there before seven every morning erm you know and has her breakfast at her desk and turns her computer on and all of this stuff and starts working early and then she ' s like oh and they don ' t respect me and blah blah blah and it ' s like well you ' re not doing anything
752. one halo that ' s the game that you play at the moment yeah well there ' s their new one ' s come out is it electronic? yeah you know the game that they play on the computer? yes on the tv? right these are the things that one saves towards yes they ' re quite expensive aren ' t they? mm you might thirty or forty i think yeah alright i could probably afford
754. guess so but hackers ha are i don ' t really know it ' s a bit over the top but i it ' s not just hackers its people who other people who are using your computer so i suppose if you were sharing your computer with lots of people and you didn ' t want them to use your minecraft that ' s why but i because i had to pay for minecraft anything
755. ' t really know it ' s a bit over the top but i it ' s not just hackers its people who other people who are using your computer so i suppose if you were sharing your computer with lots of people and you didn ' t want them to use your minecraft that ' s why but i because i had to pay for minecraft anything really that you have to subscribe and pay
757. presentation in mm which w didn ' t work very well cos the computer didn ' t work very well but we got it going the second time and then he left then he then he left his computer i left my computer at but someone had to bring it back again tuesday i went to and today ' s here mm is it nice? yeah it ' s alright alright good when when is late night shopping
759. do you want? anything honestly porridge or? anyanything it ' s a bit late for porridge a bit late for porridge er so erm then it was just putting on the computer my details and she said well what do you want to to see us about? everything and well yeah that on the on the form you had to fill in before you go and see them er then you
764. in bed within a couple of hours wasn ' t i? oh yeah you managed to have some have a bite to eat and i think you maybe had a g one a game or two on the computer but you were in bed again for like eleven half eleven oh god absolutely gone yeah worst comedown ever mm so what does the doctor say? if er if things aren ' t working out them? so
778. and so he ' ll marry oh right he does all of those as well so he ' s he must i don ' t know what his house must be like because he doesn ' t use a computer no he doesn ' t it ' s all written down yeah he ' s written a long list here of measurements you know by hand yes oh and yeah and have you done the tests and have you well
785. can sort of share it and edit things on it they tend to be a lot more web - based i ' ve noticed rather than sort of like erm microsoft word which is definitely based on your computer sort of software yeah you download expensive software you download nonetheless but still software for what? microsoft word yeah yeah it it is i ' ve just bought a new laptop and they er yeah the basic office suite
792. i don ' t you you wonder why she ' s doing it and i and i do wonder sometimes and what a bonkers thing to do to take them a computer and so they could work the computer she had to buy a generator so that they had electricity to run the computer oh and they haven ' t got fresh water they spend a lot of money oh putting wells in for them oh yeah you know
800. i done? oh i ' m meeting tomorrow oh yeah to go over this stuff he ' s gonna come round here okay yeah that ' s alright i said i ' ll just show him on the computer yeah don ' t think he ' ll stay long yeah that ' s alright ninety - seven see it should be okay but yeah but they ' re they ' re burning fields right here yeah that ' s
801. had erm yeah about seventeen what two thousand words? yeah oh my god had about seventy - five to mark mm plus individual comments for each one mm plus then like and putting the grades into the computer mm oh it ' s i might i might do a few bit of hinting about the place i don ' t want that to be left to chance but i i was told that it it gets moved
804. looking for signs mm and that i thought you ' d have looked that up on the map by now oh actually i was going to but i haven ' t actually well i can show you on the computer if you want mm erm well when you well if you imagine you ' re going from to there rather than the to you at that junction the a166 is in front of you yeah so if you
805. come back and have some lunch here will you? yeah and then we can decide whether it ' s what was that? best to erm i think it means an email message has come on my computer oh right erm we can decide how we play it right okay because that ' s fine er my timing for going over to is pharmacy - dependent yes okay and if i get spare time and the library
808. better really it would be just easier and better to do it on a hello do you want to come down? would you would you write? it would be easier and better to do it on the computer down down down? rather than on the ipad you know what down is down? to call them? it would be easier to just you ' d probably be able to i tell you what what? write
809. do my stuff and it just he ' ll sort me won ' t he? he ' s like the king of shortcuts oh i love him the erm he hates watching me use the computer cos i faff faff about and ramble around on it right he doesn ' t like use the mouse i once had a computer that i could use more or less at er at you should
813. ? i walk actually oh you ' re walking? yeah oh it ' s a nice day for it yes isn ' t it i haven ' t done i ' ve been sat in front of a computer all day ah sorting out paperwork and university documents and so it ' d be quite nice to nice to get up and just get some fresh air and definitely enjoy the flowers and what have you okay
816. go on this is what the pages look like obviously i ' ve written in here yes you get a4 it says do not write outside the box and that is because okay they scan it into the computer for the examiner yes yes wi outside the board might be a bit of wrwriting and then it ' ll say it ' ll ask you a question and there ' s dotted lines two marks in brackets tells
817. yourself and note and none of that just do it mm get it done that ' s my aim and i think i thought that and i ' d like to start you know just messing about on the computer writing some stories and i thought well if i can improve my self - discipline then i ' ve got more chance of any kind of work at home cos at the moment i ' m rubbish at working
821. my internet ' s not working i need to buy like a dongle or something is it still not working? yeah no oh the the thing is it wor it doesn ' t work for the computer for the windows computer yeah doesn ' t it? but it works for the mac okay it doesn ' t like it ' s it ' s just it it doesn ' t like windows no it ' s
825. bed like and so there was a present and a card and i was like oh that ' s cute but it wasn ' t just that i opened that and then the card said right go into your computer and open this password protected document but you ' ve got to find the password which was referring to our last love letter so i had to go and get the last love letter out and find this password which
832. you have you know on the internet you have the official favourite sort of favourite star trek films lists and things you know when people do them erm instead of just being one person sitting there on their computer and doing it sort of you have big websites publishing these which i expect are also one person sitting on their computer to be honest puter yeah but quite probably but and you sort of quite often y er
833. know when people do them erm instead of just being one person sitting there on their computer and doing it sort of you have big websites publishing these which i expect are also one person sitting on their computer to be honest puter yeah but quite probably but and you sort of quite often y er it gets put sort of as one of the top star trek films well good for them good for them yeah why
843. longhand it ' s she has facebook now i guess erm well i mean i ' m not even when i mm when i write letters it ' s not long hand i do it on a computer yeah with word or something yeah word or something but yeah yeah yeah erm yeah yeah but it ' s changed a lot hasn ' t it? mm mm yes i think we probably ought to move if
845. has the computer got to pick this up in this? sorry? has the computer got to pick pick this up or does somebody sit and listen to it and? do you know what i don ' t actually know i ' m not sure cos erm i imagine voice recognition technology
847. ##abyte hard drive so it ' s not terrible yeah i ' m sure you won ' t run out of space until you ' ve downloaded loads of crap yeah i ' ve got one on my computer and now i ' ve got a hand - held one as well yeah and i ' ve got a five hundred one my five hundred ' s full now though how much stuff do you guys have? how
854. ' t think he ' s erm well i got him his wall planner ah i don ' t know what he ' s doing buying weights on amazon and booking tickets but he does that on his computer so when you look at him sitting at his desk i think he does do some work he looks like he ' s working but he ' s buying stuff on amazon and booking tickets i don ' t know
858. ##m i did kind of a bit of watching about doing the bottles and mm twenty - three not very nice okay what do you do? erm come out to take a bit and messed with the computer putting on windows ten so you might have been able to come out for a walk? yeah did you go round the yes where did you go? do we have to talk about it? mm went straight
872. i can lock it and nobody ' ll never be able to use it right and you can trace where it is yeah er so you can lock it from your lock it phone? lock it from my computer or any hm log onto any computer open itunes yeah and go in that was on click the other week or a couple of months ago now mm they had he had his ipad he was working on his ipad
873. ll never be able to use it right and you can trace where it is yeah er so you can lock it from your lock it phone? lock it from my computer or any hm log onto any computer open itunes yeah and go in that was on click the other week or a couple of months ago now mm they had he had his ipad he was working on his ipad this is this was all set up
874. had his ipad he was working on his ipad this is this was all set up working on his ipad and someone come running along nicked his ipad and run off you see so he went onto another computer or something and just traced where this bloke was running to no on his phone right on his i it ' s er it ' s gotta be on his iphone yeah on his phone he was mm
875. no no um so you think here ' s better than uh right so if i need to finish what i ' m doing um you what? i need to finish what i ' m doing on the computer so uh if i can do that then yeah hopefully i ' ll be hopefully have some time to have some evening afterwards yeah and we can put our tent up yeah and have like like when you ' re
878. emails come through we do that drive me up the wall when we switch the computer on and they go all you seem to do is delete them and then that ' s all you do on the computer yeah deleting emails er not even looking at them it is it ' s daft isn ' t it? that is daft it ' s stupid mm such a waste of time mm i mean
880. a lot some lots of signs have english on them yeah they do yeah it probably says coca - cola in where is he going in do you know? well he ' s learnt japanese like on the computer for a bit he ' s like has like really interested in the culture we need to get a book because apparently getting around tokyo is a nightmare because of the way their streets are yeah yeah numbers or something
883. the news occasionally when we have read them yeah i look online on various papers do you? yeah yeah i can ' t i can ' t even read read er i can ' t look at the computer screen any more it make my head ring really? yeah you got too much going on that ' s er your job titinnitus that really upset my tinnitus oh i bet yeah perhaps it
892. and you know and then there ' s itunes that ' s right and er when you download realplayer you get itunes as well yeah yeah and that ' s probably sort of sending stuff into the computer that ' s it never plays er and i i don ' t think she ' s ever played music on her computer yeah i ' ve got tons of s tons of music but yeah we don ' t
893. itunes as well yeah yeah and that ' s probably sort of sending stuff into the computer that ' s it never plays er and i i don ' t think she ' s ever played music on her computer yeah i ' ve got tons of s tons of music but yeah we don ' t actually play er any of it do we? we never play it though yeah i got loads cos every time i
895. oh right yeah he ' s a brilli long long time ago brilliant artist yeah brilliant artist he hasn ' t done any for a long time i got some of his picture on pictures on the computer and he just i mean he ' s just sitting there going mm mm and that ' s you you know? yeah he is good we used to watch this er bloke in in he ' s
897. anyway i could just refer them to number three or number seven and talk about that one like you do i think you need numbers you ' re right yeah but put it in here have you told your computer not to do automatic numbering? no no but if it ' s full of i already had the grid you see yeah but what i ' m s and but put it inside your grid yeah i tried to
904. ' t ideal yeah i mean it ' s ideal for you like personally but yeah as a race do you not think we have a responsibility to not just lock ourselves into a room plug ourselves into a computer and live out whatever we want? yeah wasn ' t that the plot of a futurama episode with the er fake women? fake women? the robot women oh right yeah i don ' t think
906. ##s he said oh it ' s like your dad and i said no my dad tries really hard and he ' s watched two matches on sky go which is the most difficult thing to use on a computer sky is pretty confusing i also have problems with it no that ' s right and sky go is a joke and a half erm it ' s er sky allow you to have two people who can use
907. also have problems with it no that ' s right and sky go is a joke and a half erm it ' s er sky allow you to have two people who can use sky go on their computer or whatever oh right from your sky account your subscription yeah but they ' ve made it the clunkiest most awkward it doesn ' t quite fit on the screen it ' s hard to sign into you
908. ' t matter how many characters you use and if you spell something wrong like you miss out a letter it corrects it for you really? it ' s almost like a spellchecker on the computer yeah so nowadays very very good because the phone i ' ve got when i text your mum it ' s always you know text speak as much as i can manage yeah yeah and if you write the letter
911. yeah and they sent me a manuscript which i ' ve got to write a report about oh right but the catch being is they ' ve sent it as a word document i don ' t have my computer and you can ' t receive word documents so i couldn ' t open the file right so i had to email them to say can you send it as a pdf document? yeah then hopefully i can read
913. ' t record onto a dvd no any disk but you can play a disk yes but you might not be able to play the dvd plus which is this only applies to ones you make yourself on a computer or a recorder the ones you buy in a shop are usually playable on all machines that ' s exactly it yeah exactly thank you that ' s a pleasure now then you know my other question? which one
916. do you ever read papers? dad doesn ' t read them doesn ' t any more erm oh he has? sometimes a little bit i read yeah i read on my phone mostly or on the computer oh yeah oh of course you can read it on there the yes well you can ' t read all of what ' s in the mail on the thing no headlines isn ' t it? yes i get
917. himself he ' s he calls himself i lost my voice or something like that he ' s got a tee - shirt yeah and bless him he he ' s written all of his jokes out on the computer one finger at a time written it all of his jokes out and then he um brings the um the computer has this synthesised speaker and it ' s quite good actually cos it ' s much it
922. t managed to give anything back yet yeah well i thought maybe we could take a picture of her amount yeah with the right colours and make the m erm and then make a mandala on our computer okay and then yeah that ' s a nice present blow it up into er a poster or even a canvas or something yeah which she could put in her yoga in yeah that ' s nice but cos
923. thrilled with the prospect of your flying out to saudi i ' ve already told her that i ' d i ' d do it if it ca if i got an opportunity yeah you got access to a computer? yeah look on the systems saudi arabian website right and load you you can load up your cv that and that ' s where the jobs are advertised and have a look on the the international international website they
931. did you do last birthday? what will you do next birthday? can you describe yourself and all things like that now that would be fun what did you have for? what do you do on a computer? what do you do with your friends? what do you do in your free time? all stuff like that what did you say? well i can ' t remember oh that ' s it i '
932. quite a bit of stuff so it d the last month it went up to eight fifty erm cos it downloading? well like sc i ' m lazy i could go upstairs and use the computer but if i say like i get a school newsletter or i ' m trying to think what other things i ' ve downloaded er if you do you? instead of going upstairs i download it onto that phone
933. friends from that f pile in have you got ' s the erm tourist information? no i ' ve got that on mine f er put get on this are you on facebook? no on the computer i ' ve got the website what time do you go to stations of the cross? oh ah you ' ve missed a treat we ' ve missed it cos it ' s tonight missed it again what
934. you a bit more okay so i maybe should ' ve put that on? yeah when wwhen was this? a while ago? computers make things easier because you ' ve got proof on your computer yeah it was after you and and had left home so it ' s not that long ago maybe about fifteen s before we came over here fifteen sixteen years ago right oh there would be computers then erm
935. they start charging after about the tenth issue it doesn ' t work with me they ' ll start charging six or seven ninety - nine if if you want me to print some colouring pages off the computer i can do that for you no no i ' ve only bought the first one and i don ' t even know whether i ' m gonna use it but i just thought and i think you know the
939. up the printing symbols to come up you know i w is it receiving data? is that what it says? well no look i ' ve i ' ve got the erm the email on my computer yeah and i go to the little sign for a printer saying print and i click on that and a little square comes up to say how many pages you want it yeah well in the first instance that will
944. right right may june july august yeah four months where i could potentially enjoy the summer provided i ' m on top of my my dissertation yeah what ' s been doing? waking up late playing on his computer chatting to his missus he ' s cooked with me a couple of times and we ' ve like eaten ah he said he could ' ve got himself he said he could ' ve not too much tried
947. working days except for those cases when visa support is already arranged and transmitted to the embassy don ' t know what that means complete and print vi so you can the form needs to be done on the computer and you print it yeah that seems to be the is that it? i ' m looking on go beyond and they went to uzbekistan but and they didn ' t put any details sort of about it well
955. and i i can ' t do maths and i can ' t d there ' s no point it doesn ' t mean twenty kilos is i ' m just gonna look it up on the computer twenty kilos is how many stone? how long are going to be gone? three minutes well i ' m a whizz at this yes but then what am i gonna do? am i gonna
956. maid there so it must have been something he ' d given to the maid to put on my bed so i opened it and mm i opened the present and the card said erm go onto your computer and open this document it ' s a it ' s a password protected document you ' ve got to find the password yourself i ' ll give you a clue it ' s related to the last love letter
957. while i was in peru yeah and then anyway a long story short i found the password was and it was something like i love you one two three four right i opened this password protected document on my computer and it said now if you go to somewhere close to where your other present was you ' ll find another little surprise so i was like well must be under my bed then i ' m guessing and there
961. oh dear mm that was a while ago now mm beginning to forget oh i ' ve got thailand on there mm beautiful ah ah ah i need to put a few more photos from this phone on my computer i could you know you told me to connect it up and it will it didn ' t i had that many questions in the end i just deleted them all off the phone instead cos i think i
969. the bmw garage and said i got a flashing light explain what it was it didn ' t read up on my key said there ' s nothing on you key we need to have it put on the computer properly yeah that ' s forty quid so i went okay when can you do it? well i can ' t do it until the eight of december well okay what happens you ' ll just have to
971. think it ' s cos it was a black dress? yeah did you buy anything? black scarf no did you buy anything? er no not even a camera? no a lens? no new computer? no lenny lenny? anything did you buy lenny? no i haven ' t even ridden lenny anyway where would you keep lenny if you bought lenny? this is both why i ended up in sixth form
973. that was yesterday and today she ' s walking even more she just she just saw us and just walked from one side of the room to up to the computer yeah oh and the yeah and grabbed the computer and switched it off erm and apparently she plays the drums really well yeah they had her on the drums the other day they ' re gonna get in part of a band but they didn ' t take
976. under the bed cos i didn ' t use them as such but ah ah er is this your new device? yeah that ' s it continue why ' d you have to plug it into the computer? to get the updates oh okay there are updates and everything the drivers and whatnot ah yeah? sorry to interrupt but you ought to start doing your phone calls if you ' re going to do them

Cluster 2
0. presents a magnifying glass and a keyboard see? keyboard? yeah look can i see? keyboard oh let ' s have a look i thought it might it ' s not oh that ' s computer keyboard yes i thought you meant a mm mm mm mm you ' ve also got a magnifying glass cute ah little and a and music a and a phone and a what? and a pencil?
2. yeah obviously you ' d need a proper workbench and a proper wood cutter and stuff yes but like but but you see you spend all your money on those things yeah what they do on the computer er and i have the but erm cos the people who did those for me the people who did our kitchen and he just programmed the area into the mdf the size into the machine yeah and
3. of hours into ipa wow that ' s going to take a lot of time yeah it ' s going to take a hell of a lot of time unless i ' m wrong and they do have a computer programme but one would presume that when the numerous people are speaking how well they can do it they probably wouldn ' t be able to do that mm coming to help me? it ' s all warm
4. to know whether i ' m actually using mm let ' s see sorry? let ' s see if yours is better than his for example if i was to say i ' m high how would the computer know whether that ' s spatial or whether it ' s metaphorical? it wouldn ' t no it wouldn ' t if it ' s out of context and you just said i ' m high we wouldn
6. t be able to pick that up and you ' d have to have it so updated all of the time with everything they really need still humans analysing this and as well problem again with the computer is with homophony or homonym where a word has the same pronunciation but a different meaning and how would a computer be able to pick up whether i ' m talking about a bat or a
7. need still humans analysing this and as well problem again with the computer is with homophony or homonym where a word has the same pronunciation but a different meaning and how would a computer be able to pick up whether i ' m talking about a bat or a bat? mm it would have to understand the entire context of the sentence yeah and what i ' m talking about and i could
8. can you do it quicker? i ' ll try you need to get it down to t six try again just don ' t fall over be careful okay they erm you ' ll go on the computer programme and you ' ll type in a phrase an idiom a lexeme or something or other and then the machine will tell you how common it is or like other random statistics so then they use it
12. do this schrodinger ' s cat? or this principle? or? no no i know yeah i know i know you think it ' s completely mental but like you think of a quantum computer yeah oh you you basically people s you know you know potheads have for years have been basically doing physics yeah and and everyone says well there ' s no real life application that until you get to something
13. people s you know you know potheads have for years have been basically doing physics yeah and and everyone says well there ' s no real life application that until you get to something like a a quantum computer yeah which where you can have aan electron you know s you know you can split an electron can ' t you? i think you eh you give an electron like ten spins at once and you can
14. ' t you? i think you eh you give an electron like ten spins at once and you can measure them all at once or something and it ccos yeah sick on a normal bit on a computer zero that means there ' s ten electrons yeah but this can be like every number between one and zero at the same time te cos each electron has a quantum number yeah which is defined by its charge
15. somehow and it has lots of different qualities yeah and you can measure each of them to get different stuff out yeah right right and they reckon it ' ll be better to make like a brain - type computer yeah because brains work more like that they work you know more complex and you know firing lots of things at once yeah yeah instead of just a linear brain fart brain ' s mad so they reckon like
16. more like that they work you know more complex and you know firing lots of things at once yeah yeah instead of just a linear brain fart brain ' s mad so they reckon like they the quantum computer it can do like five plus eight and that ' s like the best it can do in at the moment yeah? really? yeah yeah and it and it ' s like this big and costs like fifteen
18. when i first came back from china oh okay can ' t help you schools that do every yeah yeah yeah that do everything okay and nothing yeah well what do you want? we do secretarial computer english what do you want really? english and physics english and medicine we can do it oh no yes that was the attitude yeah i bet it was it was funny though cos the guy who ran the
38. no no no i do no i make my own that is ridiculous what? can ' t even stand at the chopping board no have you not seen the american ones where they do round doing a computer check? no there was a it was on embarrassing bodies and you know when they do is it supersize vs superskinny and they go and visit someone in america and they get round the house
43. your room and then we ha and then it comes into we have no free will so this this is and that we ' re all just sims being controlled that has been put there by somebody on a computer who knows you know? they could ' ve just controlled you to do that so i rebelled against that so i no you didn ' t though cos it oh it ' s just really fucking head fuck
45. and em i was able to sort of work on my assignments and things like that yeah so and i could obviously cos we ' ve got the facilities here we could use the rooms mm and the computer things and yeah if i needed to if i need the group rooms i could do that here yeah again it was difficult there because they have so many students there yeah but they don ' t have enough facilities
61. do you? maybe because some of the things some of the useability of say an ipad or an ipod or an iphone or whatever is is more sort of intuitive than than using a sort of traditional computer i think my yeah you might yeah i know what you ' re saying what there ' re getting at i think is that if you have intelligence apart from real life then it ' s inapplicable
64. it ' s moving oh okay i mean i can show you physically but you ' ll see it on that cos it ' s easier okay give it a try you say you can win against the computer sometimes? i can easy i i ' ve only ever beaten it once at normal probably over about five hundred games do we on the ipad do we play against each other then or what? no you play
65. can easy i i ' ve only ever beaten it once at normal probably over about five hundred games do we on the ipad do we play against each other then or what? no you play against the computer but oh you see my playing against it so you get the the basics of it i mean okay yeah you can play a game if you like i mean isn ' t it better to play against each other
72. do that? no just if we put it in the table no it ' s just er is there a two player? not on this i don ' t think it ' s just you against the computer that ' s very disappointing erm right so i ' ll do my start er on this one i ' ll put that to there my next move is to get these pawns out cos that and
73. check each? yeah it yeah it ca it can be yeah sorry i i rushed i ' ve rushed this game the next game i ' ll play slowly mm so he ' s put me in check computer doesn ' t take long to think at all no no oh sorry did you sa oh yeah of course they can cross the river yeah it ' s i ' ve lost that one you ' re gonna lose
74. you make a mistake not a problem let me have a look as i ' m sure you can play two player in this i ' m sure of it you went to new game it says human versus computer yeah so surely you can do human versus human in some way well it would have that in the menu human versus human oh you can yeah oh i ' ve never i ' ve never bothered to do that
75. rook? yeah don ' t really know what i ' m doing so it ' s no that ' s fine it ' s a bit of a that ' s why i thought well with the the computer you could er hit or miss er you you go first though yeah this is all good i ' m like i prefer to play you i think if you have any advice for me while you ' re doing
76. just gonna move for now i ' m just gonna throw my weight around feel ye i don ' t blame you see how it goes don ' t blame you cos when you were playing against the computer you guys are moving fast but mm okay so you ' re not attacking me with anything no and then you take my oh yeah you that was a terrible move yes you anticipate that ' s why
79. cannon but take another one at least it ' s looking that way mm interesting they can ' t move out of that box mm that seems very restricting you ' re playing me a lot slower than the computer mm crap and i can ' t is my cannon attacking your cannon? or does it have to be i ' m jumping over this piece aren ' t i? er well done yeah? yeah i i
80. ' s good at that would make wipe the floor with me yeah yeah but i can wipe the floor with you because erm i ' ve never played it like i say when i play against the computer even at normal the computer is not making mistakes no yeah i ' m making mistakes as soon as i make mistakes it doesn ' t erm when i play against you or someone else who ' s not
81. would make wipe the floor with me yeah yeah but i can wipe the floor with you because erm i ' ve never played it like i say when i play against the computer even at normal the computer is not making mistakes no yeah i ' m making mistakes as soon as i make mistakes it doesn ' t erm when i play against you or someone else who ' s not very experienced or less experienced
82. that was erm that was fine but yeah i ' ve had to sort out quite a few things actually well yeah there ' s a lot of paperwork in england mm there ' s a lot of computer says no you can ' t do that sorry it ' s against the rules against the regulations it ' s a little bit annoying knives and forks do you floss? er i have started to or have
83. smiled that ' s right yeah yeah with a little smiley face if you ' re doing well yeah very good very good those signs i think erm i think if we come down here yeah my latest computer science task thirty percent of gcse is to make a program that takes a car registration plate you tell it how long it took to get between two sensors and if it ' s speeding it has to
84. so is this what am i allowed to talk about this recording whilst it ' s on? yeah is it is it being analysed by a computer sort of or by a person going through it? i don ' t know probably people oh might be people i don ' t know fair enough okay so i ' ll explain my trip to thailand to thailand
85. and erm we were looking and we were like what snorkelling trip have you got available to the and he points at the thing like at a poster thing and goes back to playing his computer game and we ' re trying to talk to him and he didn ' t really want to talk to us because he was trying to do his computer game or something so it was why didn ' t you
86. at a poster thing and goes back to playing his computer game and we ' re trying to talk to him and he didn ' t really want to talk to us because he was trying to do his computer game or something so it was why didn ' t you just go to the maps? yeah we did but erm the point is we got a lot of that in some places but yeah why are people
92. attracted me i think but i don ' t know these german games are the best mm i think i reckon they ' ll come into fashion as well soon yeah well hopefully instead of people playing on the computer games all the time yeah well the like is it my go? yeah yeah cos like monopoly and stuff like that is just so like money grabbing two four six eight ten er twelve points mm hm hm
93. maybe not maybe that ' s what he wants to do next i ' m not sure i can ' t remember he did tell me but i can ' t remember cos it it ' s mostly computer generated graphics to to interpret it to find out where the oil is mm nothing to do with bits and hammers well then maybe he ' s doing something different i don ' t know mm oh right what
101. re together is a huge help because like if you do design things he ' ll i ' ll design it in photoshop and then he ' ll erm programme it in html and whatever blah blah computer speak translate it into a web page program it and then it ' ll come out really squiffy usually you know and then you have to look at it and say that space needs to be bigger mm
102. words it ' s a games word? like a computer games word? yeah yeah oh oh that ' s nice i it ' s something i have really heard z - buffer fighting on a shimmering object like woo the old z - buffering yeah oh i know
103. the footwear bag ah okay it ' s a game you can tell there ' s like like a little ridge in the box that you know you need to rip through i ' m thinking a game computer game it feels like there ' s lots of different bits in not just one ah lovely i ' ll give it to you ah yes they ' re nice you like them? yeah? quite heavy seriously cool
104. s been an absolute joy and a privilege this this man is er a demon between the sheets absolutely and he ' s making me truly very happy thank you thank you very happy all he does is play computer games oh you and him? marco? simply not absolutely he ' s not just half your age two thirds your age doesn ' t matter love knows no age we have something special we do we do a
114. the computer girl cos we had one computer in our middle school and that was the library computer that every night was locked away and every night i went in and got it and i was like the computer girl i had to set up the computer make sure the program was working for the library books and it was new and everyone was really excited we ' ve got a new computer in school am i really that
117. a notebook mm yeah that ' s good but i mean for the reading and writing class they need to practise writing on paper yeah well for their exam yeah yeah unless they make the exams all computer - based yeah they ' ve gotta do more it ' s not a bad idea really well no you i mean how much work is done handwritten now anyway? er in work environment well it seems to
118. got all the synonyms and stuff they want them to have learnt the vocabulary basically don ' t they? you can ' t test that on writing a word document no unless there was some sort of computer program that makes you write and there ' s no no dictionary no spell check on the whole computer mm well you can disable that yeah but if you ' re in exam conditions you wouldn ' t have
122. you could do with that old triumph yeah you could get to things you could get to your bolts yeah you could but now they they you can ' t do nothing on it they design it on a computer screen yeah with the engine out yeah and then they lower the body on to the engine and the running gear that ' s it yeah and they don ' t think about the people who have to work on
124. down there that this is ages ago now they had these motherboards if you like they pull it out and put a new one in and that costs hundreds of pounds yeah it ' s just like a computer motherboard yeah you know? they they can ' t tell what ' s wrong with the motherboard because something has gone wrong with it and and that don ' t the the circuits don ' t work
126. d be incandescent with with displeasure that ' s not good if he drops out because it ' s too difficult yes that ' s fair i mean yes he ' s doing a difficult course yes computer science isn ' t going to be an easy course yes i can ' t begin to fathom it so yeah no i don ' t think it will be like i said erm if that i '
130. s kind of he kind of sorry about that doesn ' t necessarily trust me cos i ' ve always said oh no i gosh she ' s got very neat writing it looks like erm computer font does it? let ' s have a look i thought she was gonna do it in capitals yeah it looks very uniform oh that ' s that ' s beautiful writing mm yeah job science technician trainee sl
133. ah i wanna punch in the head no yeah that ' s right though six kilometres? yeah yeah yeah it ' s three point what miles? three point seven miles it ' s just the way the computer picks up the language that ' s one of the things actually that you have to be quite loud yeah it ' s one of the hi that ' s one of the things that some linguistics have gone into
138. s good isn ' t it yeah so mm no i think we ' ll have to eventually anyway i mean we went over every week every every month when and were here cos they ' ve got computer as well yeah we ' ve had computer sometimes yeah ten gig is nothing now ten gig is nothing at all is it? no we thought they might up it but they ' re not going to no no
139. mm no i think we ' ll have to eventually anyway i mean we went over every week every every month when and were here cos they ' ve got computer as well yeah we ' ve had computer sometimes yeah ten gig is nothing now ten gig is nothing at all is it? no we thought they might up it but they ' re not going to no no they won ' t what they want is
157. so you think you say it more than he does purely because you ' ve lived here longer? probably yeah? yeah i mean what words are there? i mean i know we drop our ts terribly computer yeah bottles what? this person doesn ' t no this person has adds his americanisms in we ' re going in the garage oh dad does? yeah he says garage terrible oh and we found a vase
158. s kind of interesting i ' ve got enough phphonological background now to go with one more year i could be a speech therapist mm i think what ' s undertaking is a bit of a a computer science yes i mean computers or science in in isolation is quite he ' s good at it though but to combine well fortunately he is i mean has given him high praise and and the fact that erm
178. he ' s got it there i dunno why likes that thing so much because it makes him laugh and it ' s i don ' t see how they ' re just talking about a poxy computer game see now there ' s only five runners five another one ' s gone out out of six of them so now that ' s crapped it right up what time ' s that race? four twenty
181. with erm the chap at they do all the aluminium stuff and he ' s work he ' s in there from artwork department he started off same as me coreldraw mm er rubbish computer have to send it by some funny means into to the cutter working with vinyl now he ' s their top design bloke is he? oh but he said cor thinking about all those days what
182. borderline erm what do they call it? what? sledging slide rule? slide rule you say you use a slide rule? what ' s a slide rule? it ' s like a computer it ' s for engineers i don ' t use a slide ruler do you know what one is? course he does he ' s an engineer yeah but he might be too young they might use computers nowadays
185. up to mm erm yeah mm cheat n well it ' s it ' s about it ' s about the emissions isn ' t it? it ' s about giving incorrect scores adj adjusting the computer to yes yes saying that their emissions are better than well i bet they ' ve lost a lot of you know potential customers well yeah people will go won ' t they? well it ' ll be it
186. spend your money on for a child i mean you ' re only gonna spend it on toys anyway aren ' t you? well like i said it ' s i don ' t she they ' re computer games otherwise she doesn ' t really do that no although she has asked for a game for her ds it ' s not very often she asks but she does want a game this year we went to smith
197. s run by men that ' s the problem it is that is the problem well thick men clearly well men thick men they men they just go back to this oh we ' ve gotta get here oh computer says no stupid satnav says no can ' t do it can ' t do it and of course if the weather gets bad and the roads get cut off oh you name it yes that ' s
200. a little chip yeah and they must make millions of them and i if they it ' s got two computers that one yeah it ' s got it ' s got er yeah it ' s a braking computer no doubt that ' s yeah that ' ll tell you oh tell you everything yeah what ' s going on you know er there ' s chip one and chip two ain ' t there on on that one
202. feel it changing gear? no you don ' t feel it gone mm oh yeah they ' ve come a long way ain ' t they? they have yeah mm but they that ' s called trip computer there ' s two two trip computers on it and er it ' ll tell you everything you want to know you just put it on on a certain mm thing and that ' ll tell you that you '
203. ? pardon? see you yeah okay take care what were we saying? er we were talking about these blooming diagnosis stuff that ' s it? yeah yeah you know they sort of plug into a computer programme they do yeah and they have this it ' s the same they said something about how you know the one one one yeah emergency health thing yeah they said someone said oh it ' s a total failure
204. sainsbury ' s they got that in sainsbury ' s have they? yeah? yeah sainsbury ' s and tesco ' s who was that? new government thingy er computer oh dear mm don ' t that drive you up the wall every time they that ' s at look at half eight at night it ' s awful isn ' t it? you get it at three o
206. didn ' t know about those at the time i bet they did which which are exactly very damaging to the lungs i bet they looked at the report and stuck it in the bottom drawer somewhere developed a computer programme to annihilate it so it creates smog doesn ' t it? diesel that ' s what i ' ve heard yeah so it ' s these particles which sort of are in the in
213. ten years ' time or oh my god is no way go up and have a shower yum yum yum i know doesn ' t like still and you ' re going to go to the computer museum aren ' t you? oh is in your class? i am indeed is in your class? pardon? is in your class fit? you can get up and go and have a shower bath now
236. re yeah you have to you have to take that yeah i think i think they ' re all compulsory yeah erm er and then you just mix and yeah and swap between these er had to take computer studies that was compulsory as well oh it was yeah but or it yeah sorry computer studies but didn ' t and er when i quesquestioned it it ' s because they said well these days they
237. ' re all compulsory yeah erm er and then you just mix and yeah and swap between these er had to take computer studies that was compulsory as well oh it was yeah but or it yeah sorry computer studies but didn ' t and er when i quesquestioned it it ' s because they said well these days they ' re using it in english they ' re using it in maths yeah yeah
238. re using it in in geography second nature for every single subject so ththey don ' t need a separate lesson on it because it incor mm it ' s incorporated in everything mm has a computer in the toddler movement nursery really? and they have to they ' re supposed to take it in turns but there ' s er well does hog it a bit cos he loves anything gadgety
258. saying the other day about that erm dvd dvd no not the dvd when she when she went to school and we got her that er the tape recorder cassette? no not tape recorder cassette? the computer? no calculator can ' t remember calculator oh a calculator the scientific one the scientific calc oh yeah cos you had a calculator which was ordinary mm which we
259. called yeah you know auntie yes she ' s got three children and how old are they is thirty - nine still lives at home never had a girlfriend erm bet he ' s amazing at like computer games though yeah he loves computer games really i was just messing is he actually yeah erm all the cliches and then is the youngest who had the baby at sixteen yeah and then is kind of
260. yes she ' s got three children and how old are they is thirty - nine still lives at home never had a girlfriend erm bet he ' s amazing at like computer games though yeah he loves computer games really i was just messing is he actually yeah erm all the cliches and then is the youngest who had the baby at sixteen yeah and then is kind of like the normal one with a
271. of software where things are shifting to in context of tech yeah? so erm if i use an example i talked to about what he ' s doing with his brother yeah neither of them really are computer people yeah his brother just sells shit in it that ' s f it ' s it ' s it ' s er he sells telephony services right you know so he ' s not an it guy
272. certain people with certain skill to ensure that they carry that yeah? okay but it ' s another one yeah right? it yeah right? i don ' t know how to put together er a coma computer system but i know how to i ' ll prprobably be able to procure the right people to do it and make sure that they do what i want them to do to a certain amount
282. out does she do that to people like outside of lessons? yeah she always used to do that like when i had my lesson down in the old practise room i had it in opposite the computer room yeah and there ' s all like year sevens running around and she used to like stand outside and stare at them and be like i have a student and we ' re doing proper music so can you
290. that into my yeah it ' s fine uncapable hands? and then this is just an xbox controller? yeah through and through mm i ' m gonna be so crap i haven ' t played computer games in ages take it you ' ve never read nineteen eighty - four no i read that one you did? yeah do you like it? yeah it was good it ' s a good book isn '
294. ' s er all that kinda stuff it ' s interesting i find it interesting oh wow oh my gosh i bet kind of difficult but it ' s not too bad and ' s going to do computer science so that ' s gonna be really difficult that is right up his street though isn ' t it? computer work yeah it ' s he ' s just sitting up there doing like maths stuff and
295. bet kind of difficult but it ' s not too bad and ' s going to do computer science so that ' s gonna be really difficult that is right up his street though isn ' t it? computer work yeah it ' s he ' s just sitting up there doing like maths stuff and he ' s in bed at the minute actually oh you ' re kidding oh is he? is he here?
312. them for like pc when most people are pc users yeah and not mac users oh bitch pick something up cos wasn ' t that bank one? the one that was supposed to like that big virus computer virus yeah it was supposed to hit like microsoft yeah which meant that erm and stuff and was like it ' s okay i ' m a mac user i was like fuck you just cos your mum
316. come come without him if anything with his ocd yes he ' s got he he has to touch everything with tissues and stuff mm he doesn ' t usually no but cos i used to play computer games with every sunday hmm didn ' t i mhm a little computer and then we ' d just leave him in the computer game room i remember he used to continue playing and i only went in and
318. mm he doesn ' t usually no but cos i used to play computer games with every sunday hmm didn ' t i mhm a little computer and then we ' d just leave him in the computer game room i remember he used to continue playing and i only went in and played one game who did? he was playing around nana ' s and he used to be playing computer games in the the little
319. leave him in the computer game room i remember he used to continue playing and i only went in and played one game who did? he was playing around nana ' s and he used to be playing computer games in the the little room i honestly can ' t remember all i remember was once i said you ' ve got your gloves on the wrong hand no a bit hmm you know huh? that ' s
320. i mean i everybody ' s been through like oh oh i can ' t be bothered to do anything today oh oh i ' ll just go and sit somewhere mm or sit and even play a stupid computer game or do something that takes your mind off things but in doing that you ' re taking your mind off your problems but then you ' re doing something stupid like counting or mm mm yeah like getting a
321. re just unbearable yeah probably because they ' re like me but i mean i just i wouldn ' t wanna be around them too much no and that ' s why i never understand how this erm computer version of the lonely hearts column works oh i don ' t know anything about that because let ' s say if like people i know people who ' ve done it like right s i don ' t know
327. sets is this like? is that the helicopter pilot? sets sets sets maximus free you know talking about video games? oh cos i st oh right reed? yeah he was he is he is computer generated in that film he definitely is no he died what you trying to say no he died no no it ' s not really true it ' s not really true he hadn ' t finished filming though you
328. cos in the new fast and furious film the guy died halfway through the main guy they used really clinical in which film fast and furious like i dunno seven? yeah seven furious seven they completely computer generated so do you like do you like that? have you seen what it was? he he what was it? fast and furious seven me and went and broke into the car scenes for that and i
329. year did he did alright well cos he was in the front pack all our horses were in the front pack that ' s pretty good isn ' t it? you know the grand national ' s computer generated? obviously i ' m looking forward to when there ' s i ' m not looking forward to it i ' m interested to see how soon uber drivers don ' t exist any more they just have
338. people who wear who look smart in it who don ' t fit in yeah who clearly aren ' t techies yeah true erm y or you need a black hoodie mm yeah you do my computer scientist erm colleague person who was who was he who really helped us out she ' s been doing a lot of analysis today this was her wednesday off bless her erm and er yeah but it '
350. in at some new new place that ' s opened which i think ' s better for her not teaching no offence to her who ' s? our tutor our form tutor yeah miss our miss? yeah computer whatever you like to call her yeah what did miss have to say? oh cos erm i haven ' t on my friends list of er and he like said he couldn ' t come hey look
356. ' s all done electronically it ' s not as though you got mm cables and levers and things no you got no cables and levers have you? no it ' s all done like the computer does it don ' t it? all solenoids and stuff i suppose yeah and i suppose it just works out that you put your foot down or well does it? yeah you you you put your
357. engine up oh yeah you yeah that don ' t move no it ' s very clever mm we we haven ' t found out everything yet have we? no there ' s so much on this trip computer we need to know erm cruise control we haven ' t worked that out yet we haven ' t found the tr cruise control yet i think that ' s weird cruise control yeah just means that when you
359. communication branch? yeah y um cos the pay is shit? you don ' t say that umm not enough of a challenge not interest not varied enough yes not varied enough and also it ' s computer i mean computers say you ' re more of a people person i ' m more of a st i ' m a strategy builder hmm uh hmm that ' s sounds better yeah which is true remember the day
360. wow productive hobby mm then he didn ' t used to smoke just used to smoke just weed on his own like his mates would come round they ' d have a few joints they ' d play on computer games and they ' d all have a laugh and stuff he weren ' t just there smoking a joint on his own like doing it yeah so i was like for teenagers smoke a few joints with your friends
361. d all have a laugh and stuff he weren ' t just there smoking a joint on his own like doing it yeah so i was like for teenagers smoke a few joints with your friends and then play computer games no but he were he was massive kid even now like do you know that iron man doll i got him? yeah fucking loved it really? did you not see the photo posted on my wall?
367. that ' s what they were left with yeah yeah eliminate what you don ' t want to take and it was a comp it was a a sort of a choice i suppose between business studies and computer science but he didn ' t really want to do computer science no it it was it was it was uncanny just listening to them it was just ruling out what they definitely didn ' t want didn ' t
368. what you don ' t want to take and it was a comp it was a a sort of a choice i suppose between business studies and computer science but he didn ' t really want to do computer science no it it was it was it was uncanny just listening to them it was just ruling out what they definitely didn ' t want didn ' t wanna do and that ' s what they were left with
369. i remember noises and i ' ve learnt that over the years but the problem with studying by distance is you ' re just reading all this shit over and over yeah and i don ' t remember a computer screen yeah i mean do you find if you have an interesting lecture do you remember it or does it just blend into another lecture? erm cos the few interesting ones i had i used to be
389. ? i do but i ' ve never heard of smiley yeah well it ' s a new one i ' ve seen it advertised but eh that ' s a perfect i mean eh one of the little computer games we play minecraft there ' s loads of youtube videos of people playing it cos they build loads of stuff and it ' s you know all sort of creative stuff and because you do that the
394. oh you can be and that caught on for like two fucking years really really? who who? mr see i don ' t know who mr is he told all the teachers who is mr? the computer guy no he was like a really big guy huge i mean i think you missed him oh with the long hair? maybe no it was kind of short hair war hammer like huge huge oh that ' s
395. said do you know what if i knew a doctor and i thought i know every profession through uni i know lawyers i know opticians i know all sorts i know one of everything coders stupid computer people anything i don ' t know a doctor i don ' t know a surgeon i don ' t know a d do i know a doctor? not that i could call up i mean i went on
398. you was gonna people and all all you could say ever was just the clues really it ' s not that much fun is it? i wonder if you could play it you could play it against that computer couldn ' t you? mm dunno it ' s co - op innit? so you don ' t really play against oh yeah there ' s just shoo fly don ' t bother me what
399. world paperwork in silos the banking industry ' s renowned for it you do your job in your department and you don ' t really know what ' s going on over there and over the years multiple computer systems have grown up because maybe they ' ve acquired a company or they ' ve developed something quickly and they end up with lots of databases of information no one ever gets the big picture and if they do
400. couple of things i ' m gonna ask you to do before lunch that ' s alright one is put a chair outside and the other is er of course i can ' t resist asking you with er computer problems erm let ' s make some tea so is this what is this? half - term? this is easter break? i can ' t yeah sort of easter break spring break spring break yeah so
402. extraordinary yeah i mean that ' s why erm sort of it ' s the idea of like cyber warfare when you can sort of really bring a country to its knees er just by messing with the computer systems i ' m amazed that no country ' s managed to do it yet i suppose that there are firewalls everywhere mm but you know even something as as simple as sort of mmessing with
420. there it ' s two floors and it ' s got everything that you could want in there in the sense that it ' s got tools it ' s got camping stuff it ' s got nuts bolts computer bits and pieces wire household things whereabouts is this? where borders used to be in chapelfield it ' s in chapelfield shops yeah three floors and i bought a thirty - four piece bosch drills drill bits
422. cool really interesting it was oh it was on so genetic algorithm is a an algorithm but you it ' s basically it ' s a you have a problem you want to solve if mm you let the computer solve it through natural selection oh okay of the population of random initial solutions yeah erm that ' s er er so that ' s cool so you kind of have to c clone your chromosome and stuff so
430. that he ' s got his computer on it ' s like a chest of drawers isn ' t it? no it ' s a it ' s a desk like a proper working desk for sitting? computer desk it ' s not got room for two of you to sit at okay let ' s go through and make sure that i ' ve got everything on here okay and you ' ve got everything the same
433. post office and i said do you know where i could find somewhere to photocopy? oh right and she was like oh there ' s not really anywhere that does it now there might be a computer shop in that does it oh right yeah and i was like i said that to him but he didn ' t want to cos he thought if he goes to and it ' s not there then there
441. ' ve got rid of my desk cos that was always falling apart so i ' m getting a new desk well it ' s not a new desk it ' s the desk that was in the computer room i think that might be from ikea actually it ' s quite it ' s yeah some of their stuff like good solid wood some of the stuff is a bit pricier and better quality though and
443. one people believe that if you invent something you ' ve worked hard at it and you should be able to be rewarded in it yeah yeah that ' s good yeah so so if you invented the computer say as alan turing did in eh world war two yeah he you should have ah undisputed rights to every single computer yeah okay and then there ' s the flip side of that that people say that
444. in it yeah yeah that ' s good yeah so so if you invented the computer say as alan turing did in eh world war two yeah he you should have ah undisputed rights to every single computer yeah okay and then there ' s the flip side of that that people say that that ' s anti - capitalistic whereas that you have a then have a situation where you have a monopoly yeah where er
461. to have a read? yeah the only thing i haven ' t put in is about the erm artiste? yeah it ' s just all about like you know? have you got like your computer skills in there as well? well i ' m not really no very computer - literate but i ' d definitely put it in well that that would be under relevant experience maybe yeah but definitely put like
462. is about the erm artiste? yeah it ' s just all about like you know? have you got like your computer skills in there as well? well i ' m not really no very computer - literate but i ' d definitely put it in well that that would be under relevant experience maybe yeah but definitely put like it skills yeah but i ' m shit but i don ' t want them
465. i don ' t want you putting anything down about my computer proficiency yeah it ' s probably cos they ' d just laugh probably a little bit of a lie i just have a basic knowledge of computer stuff programs zero seven zero well so i can go home a little less late and do you want me to leave you zero one erm this i feel like i haven ' t been very helpful mum why
478. ? she she hasn ' t got the body for it though has she? she ' s fair play and when you mean body oh that ' s pretty easy to fake though ask did it in the computer game exactly erm why would they redo tomb raider? well it ' s the same thing that they ' re just about to redo spiderman again aren ' t they now? yeah yeah there
479. how we managed that i think we all sort of huddled round while one person played game boy it ' s not a team sport it ' s not really i ' ve watched a lot of people playing computer games over the years i ' m just not a massive computer game fan like for lucian ' s birthday we were er you know when i went round to his mm and we sort of commiserated each
480. while one person played game boy it ' s not a team sport it ' s not really i ' ve watched a lot of people playing computer games over the years i ' m just not a massive computer game fan like for lucian ' s birthday we were er you know when i went round to his mm and we sort of commiserated each other um but um he was um yeah w we sort of
509. can play the piano with one hand doing a piano thing that needs two hands i co i bet i could play erm yes true but not if it gets very complicated i bet i could do the computer and play the piano at the same time piano things though hang on a minute hang on a minute don ' t just start talking over what were you saying? stop tapping stop tapping what were you saying?
513. i i did a couple of ones yesterday didn ' t i? yeah uh but since they were drawn on top of something else that meant that it wasn ' t quite the same as as like a computer game yeah yeah so so i was drawing them on the chocolate bar so on the wrapper not on the chocolate bar that sounds wrong yeah no no no dire not directly on the chocolate bar so yeah anyway
515. okay erm they couldn ' t believe the cost er that we were quoted okay right you can do battle training? mm wait there wait there wait there but you could do lots of people against the computer so you can get other people okay okay so do co - op versus ai erm yeah that that ' ll be brilliant yeah that one? so just so match me? yeah yeah and just wait a
516. thousand gold let ' s get some attack speed in there actually sorry just buy that this one? erm thi yeah this is something that comes in time like this obviously i know how to play computer games but you ' ve run away yeah go back to the mid you can see there ' s two of them and like you ' ve gotta get back into the take your turret if you left - click
520. it till we just it was just like a teenage room instead of a monitor we just had a big tv and then we had like a keyboard and a mouse and that ' s how we played our computer games it was just one big computer thing and th and then eventually it moved there and now it ' s just kind of like all shoved into one compartment all the games stuff yeah it ' s cos
535. d sit there you could read a book or you know doze off well i suppose you ' d still have to drive because in case there ' s a manual override mm in erm the computer ' s failed you ' ve got to drive it yourself now in germany his erm ' s car was so annoying cos it had one of those things where if you haven ' t put your seat
537. takes half an hour to set up what to make an emoji of yourself? yeah choose all the p yeah she ' s like chin type eyebrows sinto that was like my favourite thing on computer games when you had to like choose your avatar? avatar i can ' t fucking believe it i still have dreams where i have my avatar really? that used to be yeah what avatar were you? just
539. like let ' s kill the fucking arabs and it ' s like how ' s siobhan getting on at school then? just kill the fucking arabs my little brother like was like a massive massive computer game freak you know? like i guess all my brothers were to an extent but like now he lives with his girlfriend in he ' s got a games room it ' s like just like exactly like his
540. that is sort of that thick you can put it in the back of pictures and all sorts and it will both give out sound and record they want financing so anybody that wants sort of financing as a computer company he deals with but it ' s various things ah so is he investing in? yeah is he looking for things to invest in? yeah because i ' ve got a friend who ' s looking for
541. language teaching cos it ' s such a big market yeah there are for anything there is for anything i remember we had we had a problem cos when we moved schools we had all this wonderful computer system computer system and erm they provided us with some package which had got some on they were erm whiteboard eh sort of you we us resources you could use with the whiteboard and they said
542. cos it ' s such a big market yeah there are for anything there is for anything i remember we had we had a problem cos when we moved schools we had all this wonderful computer system computer system and erm they provided us with some package which had got some on they were erm whiteboard eh sort of you we us resources you could use with the whiteboard and they said this is
548. ludicrous computers and all of these things that they sent a man to the moon yeah that ' s true in the sixties actually it it yeah it ' s hardly people didn ' t have a computer then did they? no erm at home just a research thing erm and they sent a man to the moon yeah that ' s true it ' s amazing it ' s extraordinary isn ' t it
549. t let them watch a film that had like murders and violence and but it ' s er more immersive that ' s that ' s the problem isn ' t it? like comp yeah computer games are more immersive than film in film it ' s easier to kind of sit and say i ' m i ' m this is a a product whereas when we ' re doing the i know
560. tomodachi yes carry on what ' s tamagotchi? erm tamagotchi was when you had a little i never had one a little tiny almost like a keyring baby computer and it was a little egg and you had to look after the egg and eventually it would hatch and you ' d have to look after it by like feeding it virtually and all that nonsense but yeah it
561. what oh yeah now you ' re doing that 3d drawing thing oh god i haven ' t started it yet have to do it think that was fun probably cos you were good at computers like the computer whizz programming and stuff but i can ' t i ' m sure you can you ' re just lying no if you saw some of my old like things that me and did they were ridiculous i
565. he ' s not spoken to you you can ' t speak to them but by asking these yes no questions questions you get the answer it ' s like binary yeah yeah it ' s like a binary computer yeah it ' s got to be yes and no yes and no yeah and by asking the right questions you get this information and he found these ten virgin girls they were thirteen no no i ' ve heard
566. i found you meet i find yeah the expats cos i said my land rover had a lot of problems with it in the early days when i was out here and and it was the computer not the land rover but the con the controlling computer and it was off the road for on and off for about six months till we sorted this problem out and mm i actually got it sorted by a guy
567. ##ts cos i said my land rover had a lot of problems with it in the early days when i was out here and and it was the computer not the land rover but the con the controlling computer and it was off the road for on and off for about six months till we sorted this problem out and mm i actually got it sorted by a guy down in with his laptop you know? and he
571. ##talled what like throwing them out a window which i guess it might be how you ' d go about getting rid of a window like if it was an upstairs window you ' d like as in computer windows oh i see sorry yeah doh sorry i just i thought well installing windows i didn ' t think of it as being windows oh my god i ' m not when i think of a window i
575. haystack how can you stop it? for the million er millions of people that post some something how can you actually check it? because you can ' t you can ' t set up a computer program to check that kind of thing it has to be done with a hu a human mm can ' t they can ' t a computer program check the wavelengths of like what ' s contained within video?
576. because you can ' t you can ' t set up a computer program to check that kind of thing it has to be done with a hu a human mm can ' t they can ' t a computer program check the wavelengths of like what ' s contained within video? what? like the songs what? to recognise the wavelength of a particular song? yeah it would be like recognising a finger
577. ' s ever been produced you ' d have to set up a whole system of people putting these things in for every single song into this system well yeah but once you ' ve got a fast enough computer that should be easy enough shouldn ' t it? if people want your well er f want their work copyrighted specially then they ' d just plonk it into the s they just submit yeah but
578. they ' d just plonk it into the s they just submit yeah but er they submit the song that they want yeah in the future i think that would be hopefully conceivable the computer records the wavelength but is it worth paying all that money to set up that kind of system? which is a huge project well it ' s massive right? probably better than paying a thousand people to yeah
588. not my kind of research projects i wouldn ' t be able to do the scientific side of it really no it ' s just stats really mm but well somebody i think said to me is it a computer that ' s gonna analyse this or a human being? both mm well the computer does the totting up doesn ' t it? but there ' s no there ' s no answers unless somebody '
589. of it really no it ' s just stats really mm but well somebody i think said to me is it a computer that ' s gonna analyse this or a human being? both mm well the computer does the totting up doesn ' t it? but there ' s no there ' s no answers unless somebody ' s interpreting it mm there ' s also stuff like enviva where you actually you
594. this bank account week in week out week in and week out there ' s got to be something wrong somewhere in here there must be checks as you say i would have thought so there must be a computer program would sense would would yeah yeah it seems that they ' re for all this sort of linking up computer programs and doing this and hunting down terrorism things that it seems that they haven ' t got a
595. in here there must be checks as you say i would have thought so there must be a computer program would sense would would yeah yeah it seems that they ' re for all this sort of linking up computer programs and doing this and hunting down terrorism things that it seems that they haven ' t got a blooming clue really when it comes down to it no you know? no they haven ' t how much
596. watching oh it was on the nhs fifty billion million or something like that a trillion hurillion yeah all the money in the world yeah and that ' s all been wasted yeah because the p the computer program is now obsolete mm yeah a and they can ' t even use it well that ' s right i mean you know there are some people in the eighties and nineties making a fortune writing computer programs
597. computer program is now obsolete mm yeah a and they can ' t even use it well that ' s right i mean you know there are some people in the eighties and nineties making a fortune writing computer programs yeah which were hardly used useless yeah and like they ' d sell it to someone and it ' s totally incompatible with with everything and non - compatible with anything else yeah mm so that mm you know
598. else yeah mm so that mm you know that when it sort of finally bogs down yeah it ' s just left to write it off that ' s right and people spent millions they did yeah on computer programs and so did rainbow well what ' s his name? rainbow? that ' s right oh he he had that bloke write his own program he did didn ' t he? whereas he could
605. i don ' t think it i think the technol we ' re we ' re in the technology age aren ' t we? yes we are okay but we ' ve been in both well the computer age but when the industrial age started i bet people said it ' s exactly the same thing they had riots you know we use to have potters and weavers and so on it ' s all now
611. car companies must be thinking though they ' ll make more money like this won ' t they? oh yeah probably i suppose yes yes if you have to keep replacing your car every few years because the computer ' s gone wrong yes well have to tell you that with the ka you know yes oh yes i don ' t know no no i ' m sure it ' ll be fine you don ' t drive
616. to keep it cold cos it runs at a super such a big hard drive it ' s going to overheat but can you imagine the marketing possibilities like how to really get like with these computer software now with the amount of data you could really like the data mining possibilities would really intense yeah but can you believe that they spend all of this mm that ' s that ' s what it ' s
640. about twists and turns that people try to fiddle mhm i mean they ' ve been in it ever since tax was invented and that ' s like handing down all these codes that that go into the computer you know they learn them they learn all the tricks of the trade and that ' s all handed down to the next bloke and and they know everything mhm i mean my cousin you might not
646. it i can ' t remember who was telling me now oh well what from a for what subject? um i don ' t know i don ' t know what that would come under some sort of computer science thing or the the sort of body language recognition or something? yeah like fa it ' s kinda like face recognition so i suppose like computer science yeah mm
647. ' t know what that would come under some sort of computer science thing or the the sort of body language recognition or something? yeah like fa it ' s kinda like face recognition so i suppose like computer science yeah mm
648. isn ' t it? it ' s made of cheese mum made of cheese that up there yes well erm said he ' s fa make found oh new planets really but mum it ' s their computer place in no no i haven ' t seen that y well it was he that ' s cos searching for planets have become a big thing over the last ten years using the analysis like like they can
649. dcg well tell them what dcg is dcg designing communication graphics it ' s like architecture oh right right and design and all that stuff mm yeah but but is it through through erm the computer er and the computer graphics or? part of it is and part of it isn ' t oh right yes well where did you take this? mm? when did you take those exams? er that '
650. them what dcg is dcg designing communication graphics it ' s like architecture oh right right and design and all that stuff mm yeah but but is it through through erm the computer er and the computer graphics or? part of it is and part of it isn ' t oh right yes well where did you take this? mm? when did you take those exams? er that ' s june and july
657. mm mm very very traditional ideas about how you study literature and it was great it was really good and like yeah you know it i learnt a lot but it there was no concept of like using a computer to support your study of literature right it ' s like books erm yeah and no one rea really was talking about this kind of thing yeah the link between literature and linguistics wasn ' t really talked
671. t work with ours i think this improves the iphones we can ' t use our friends ' siri doesn ' t work we basically aren ' t people mm like this doesn ' t register us computer says no yeah but this error yeah computers error ignore right we should probably make a move yeah yeah yeah like a mile well cheers for coming over yeah thank you no thank you for having us and feeding us
675. ##s and everything but i don ' t have any distortion i ' ve only got are you gonna go up in the loft and have a look? i ' m tempted to try and just download a computer programme where if i just put my headphones on and plug it into my computer i can get any effect i want er something like that must exist and a power supplies are only a couple of quid
677. too much sun cream that ' s what she said to me that ' s bullshit what? if that is the case it ' s what? it ' s because children are staying indoors playing what? computer games if that ' s the case that ' s what she said so if they ' re not getting enough vitamin d because of the sun cream? yeah that ' s what she said so we ' re
680. driving that ' s quite motivating but then when you when you h sign up f for a twenty - week course to learn how to drive but you ' re stuck sat in front of a computer learning how to drive mm it ' s not as motivating okay yeah really i suppose not but so why why have you why are you learning to drive now then? is it just because you '
696. i know you ' ve got like a lot planned for when you were at school mm mm will we do one for the holidays? cos otherwise it ' ll just be up one long day doing computer every day what do you mean? you know like the plan that you did? i brought it down but i think yeah no this one shall we do a new one? okay what? what will it
697. what times do you think you ' ll generally do that then? generally do what? go on your your laptops laptop laptop five hours a day mm and that includes like things like looking so basically computer game it includes xbox and ds what times? am i allowed to watch things that i can ' t watch just on normal tv netflix or anime? erm choose what tv you watch yeah but erm
699. stop it you ' re so cheeky actually maybe they ' ll they ' ll appreciate a bit of comic relief i ' m sure they would actually i don ' t know if it ' s a computer program listening comic relief is that like uh a a comedian wanking someone off? oh stop it sorry sorry sorry i just thought i just thought of that god imagine what islamic relief is? anyway let '
701. met alan and he was working at prestwick on the hms gannet search and rescue squadron mm em she em got a job with a sausage skin manufacturing mm firm and did the process control eh computer work for the eh manufacturer of the sausage skins okay so it ' s all done by computer? that kind of? well the computer controls the the processes but did she was she being was she very hands
702. squadron mm em she em got a job with a sausage skin manufacturing mm firm and did the process control eh computer work for the eh manufacturer of the sausage skins okay so it ' s all done by computer? that kind of? well the computer controls the the processes but did she was she being was she very hands on or was she more developing the computer system? well i think she was eh controlling doing
703. with a sausage skin manufacturing mm firm and did the process control eh computer work for the eh manufacturer of the sausage skins okay so it ' s all done by computer? that kind of? well the computer controls the the processes but did she was she being was she very hands on or was she more developing the computer system? well i think she was eh controlling doing the software that controlled what the machines did
704. skins okay so it ' s all done by computer? that kind of? well the computer controls the the processes but did she was she being was she very hands on or was she more developing the computer system? well i think she was eh controlling doing the software that controlled what the machines did oh wow so it ' s programming cos she i went up there to see her and she showed me around
714. their deposit is thirty thousand and the government mm chip in something like a fifth or something? mm but erm and she was saying she said it ' s a bit like the sims which is a computer game where you build houses and control people mm like you once you ' ve bought the house you then go online and you buy like extras to go in it? like you can buy wardrobes or closing
715. and i ' m like will you please just take me off your system? i don ' t live there and they ' re like oh okay it ' s like well obviously you ' re not no computer systems aren ' t very good are they? well no it ' s computer systems work fine it ' s the al it ' s the people using it yeah or people who can ' t be arsed
716. i don ' t live there and they ' re like oh okay it ' s like well obviously you ' re not no computer systems aren ' t very good are they? well no it ' s computer systems work fine it ' s the al it ' s the people using it yeah or people who can ' t be arsed to clean the databases yeah human computers that would only do what we tell them
717. s the people using it yeah or people who can ' t be arsed to clean the databases yeah human computers that would only do what we tell them to do so you can ' t blame the computer system we we ' ve had a lot we have we get a lot of s er criticism about couriers but i was really impressed with this this week i mean er the office they looked and went well
720. than coca cola it ' s bigger than is it bigger than tesco? it ' s bigger no it ' s much bigger than tesco bigger than shell bp microsoft really? yeah what all the computer companies? yep bigger than anything how? i don ' t know cos it ' s not really you just associate it with america don ' t you? mm but it ' s not yeah but he
762. ' s such a cunt i hated it oh god he didn ' t reply? so what what about this other guy? what did say? it ' s not even real it ' s a computer said erm don ' t don ' t kow tow to he ' s he ' s just is that chinese? that ' s japanese okay for what? he he said like it ' s a
766. a it seems said to me that was his concern about his brother? yeah i mean it you shouldn ' t like you shouldn ' t sort of deride him f you know because his interest is computer games it ' s no different from being interested in mm yeah of course play playing the sunday league or but i i like painting but i don ' t sit at home all day every day and refuse to
767. job but but but you ' re not because i like painting but you ' re not like er you know you ' re not obsessed with it like and you know i think i tend to think with computer games people who don ' t play them often thing oh god sitting at home and playing computer games and they picture like a teenage boy in a bedroom with a lara croft poster mm but th he one i
768. er you know you ' re not obsessed with it like and you know i think i tend to think with computer games people who don ' t play them often thing oh god sitting at home and playing computer games and they picture like a teenage boy in a bedroom with a lara croft poster mm but th he one i know for a fact that is is like you know incredibly good at like certain computer games and
769. playing computer games and they picture like a teenage boy in a bedroom with a lara croft poster mm but th he one i know for a fact that is is like you know incredibly good at like certain computer games and it ' s it ' s his interest it ' s his passion yeah i know but but i know what you mean i ' m not saying that ' s an excuse i mean hamburgers are
770. time like you can ' t choose to not work and live at home with your parents and because you don ' t and like not want anything else cos you just wanna spend all your money on computer games that ' s you cacan ' t really do that can you that ' s not being no not grown up no i agree i feel like ' s like that well i ' m just gonna hold
771. ' t really do that can you that ' s not being no not grown up no i agree i feel like ' s like that well i ' m just gonna hold out until i ' m a computer game expert how exactly do you expect to be a computer game expert when you ' re just sat in your bedroom? as if like someone ' s gonna knock on his bedroom door and be like oh er
772. being no not grown up no i agree i feel like ' s like that well i ' m just gonna hold out until i ' m a computer game expert how exactly do you expect to be a computer game expert when you ' re just sat in your bedroom? as if like someone ' s gonna knock on his bedroom door and be like oh er there ' s this professional like computer game tester job
773. to be a computer game expert when you ' re just sat in your bedroom? as if like someone ' s gonna knock on his bedroom door and be like oh er there ' s this professional like computer game tester job opened up do you wanna do it? and that ' s just not gonna happen is it so people are quite naive yeyeah that ' s it i do see your point like
775. me look at that and i got you used to computers didn ' t i? so the first bit i brung you yeah i don ' t think i would have ever known how to use a computer if that hadn ' t have happened we ' d never have learned didn ' t have them in schools those days did we? use it now put you on the right track now i ' m telling you
776. do remember well you used you used to have the phone line i remember before internet last generation to remember time before the internet internet yeah nobody a generation below me won ' t know the our time or computer games everywhere i remember before mobile phones were popular well yeah it wasn ' t normal for everyone to have a mobile phone was it? the amount of people that said i ' d never have one of them
787. doughnut but today we made it so you press the space bar it shoots shoots at the good doughnut and you get points sounds really how do you do that? cos no is like a computer programmer or something i wish we had him i ' m jealous that actually does kind of sound fun even though it ' s like i don ' t like scratch that much but it ' s actually kind of
788. oh no i feel so human humiliated or human? yeah cos it ' s saying it ' s basically saying that it ' s magic and can read your mind so it ' s or or a computer so it should know better yeah is this a game that you own? erm yes he ' s got it i have it here is it like your eight ball type thing? is it a er red
796. i wonder what they do be interesting to know i know no i don ' t know enough about the detail actually how they how they extract somebody said to me the other day do they do it by computer or so people do it? well i don ' t know that you could ask i could ask couldn ' t i? they paid me ninety - nine pounds in november cup is it? yeah and lancaster
802. if high means mashed on drugs or if it means literally altitude that high and the problem with the all languages is that there is so much polysemy so it ' s really difficult for a computer programme to know which word you ' re saying then you have connected speech the computer programme needs to be able to take apart our words it ' s we know that we ' re speaking in separate words but
803. the problem with the all languages is that there is so much polysemy so it ' s really difficult for a computer programme to know which word you ' re saying then you have connected speech the computer programme needs to be able to take apart our words it ' s we know that we ' re speaking in separate words but actually it ' s completely connected there ' s no break in the speech so it
814. programme watches on telly and it comes on it ' s really interesting do you have to go into a submarine to do that? or does he just know? erm i think he has a computer program yeah go down with like a a prong thing put it on like no mm ding ding yeah i think it sounds more yeah sonar plop plop plop plop yeah yeah but he goes
815. they ' re gonna be right you know what i think a lot of it is he probably does loads of calculations and looks at mm i think a lot of it ' s geeky kind of yeah computer program work and i think it yeah mm but so he ' s a nice guy so it ' s made me think there are other people out there there are some nice ones that would yeah that tick all
827. then? i ' m not i ' m certainly doing it at a level i think yeah but you know you ' ve got plenty of time to decide from there i ' m still probably thinking either computer or computers or maths well they ' re both sensible choices i mean except in the sense that you ' re then going to have to support your imimpecunious older sister when you grow
830. ##sessive things to do as a child yes but but i mean even weird obsessive things you do as a child mm i don ' t know and i think the people who actually play the computer games are a different set of people from who played the trading card things yes i think it was people i knew mainly played the cards again i wouldn ' t have known if they ' d played it one
831. put an 0 one 0 two 0 three it just really needs to come with its own you know sort of numbering wizard thingy doesn ' t it? yes yeah well go on you ' re the computer whiz you write a programme honestly it really wouldn ' t take much i ' m a medievalist i don ' t believe in computers that ' s a lie most medievalists know all about computers
834. music and how can you remember it? i ' m really awful at remembering music oh i just think i just think the music really makes all of those but generally i ' m not very good at computer animation for films and things generally i like computer animation but i really don ' t like the way they do computer animated films mm in what way? the style they ' ve chosen to do it in?
835. ' m really awful at remembering music oh i just think i just think the music really makes all of those but generally i ' m not very good at computer animation for films and things generally i like computer animation but i really don ' t like the way they do computer animated films mm in what way? the style they ' ve chosen to do it in? oh you ' re just talking about the current
836. think the music really makes all of those but generally i ' m not very good at computer animation for films and things generally i like computer animation but i really don ' t like the way they do computer animated films mm in what way? the style they ' ve chosen to do it in? oh you ' re just talking about the current trend for children ' s films sort of the yes bubble head doll
837. led to me finding that erm that those clips from a playstation game with tom baker ' s narrating a story about magical dolphins stop and saving the universe i sort of want to play that computer game you ' ve have to wonder what was going through their head if it wasn ' t narrated by tom baker it would have been great if by great you mean terrible yes how did that get pitched?
842. i don ' t quite know how it started mm cos i give a test twice a year erm to my first years mm and it ' s a two - hour test and it ' s computer programming so they ' re all sitting there and it ' s very boring you know and really cocos they ' re all on their own computers they can ' t really copy off each other mm so it
844. has the computer got to pick this up in this? sorry? has the computer got to pick pick this up or does somebody sit and listen to it and? do you know what i don ' t actually know i
850. t hear them at all do we? no and they don ' t play blaring loud music like when you first moved here the people who were there? well they had little kids that played computer games yeah a bit loud but okay but it ' s still not very high scoring no no that ' s the trouble isn ' t it i mean at least that ' s on a double so so that
851. ##yslexic er and was quite a slow starter and then stayed on in the sixth form to do a level technology mm mm and his father was an organ builder oh right and he produced a computer program for attaching to a lathe to turn the stops for the organ wow what a great idea that his father actually used yeah which is quite novel and unique at the time isn ' t it?
855. it ' s probably quite trendy yeah touch wood i ' ve not had any scams so mm have you heard of a guy called alan turing? yes he ' s the guy that invented the computer computer yeah and there ' s a film about him yeah at the moment which is fo just about to come out stars benedibenedict cumberbatch and cos he was homosexual
856. ' s probably quite trendy yeah touch wood i ' ve not had any scams so mm have you heard of a guy called alan turing? yes he ' s the guy that invented the computer computer yeah and there ' s a film about him yeah at the moment which is fo just about to come out stars benedibenedict cumberbatch and cos he was homosexual mm
857. any sport? erm he used to do rugby he did? yeah at? i suppose cos he ' s small i don ' t know feeling a bit phased? are you a bit phased computer? mm mm mm i am mm we ' re all getting up we ' re all waking early yeah wonder what time the president goes to bed mm? i wonder what time the president goes to bed of
865. in dereham oh right it ' s now the dereham memorial hall it ' s there opposite you know where morrisons is? opposite o morrisons yeah yeah yeah and we where that computer store so we parked at morrisons used to be yeah and just took some stuff across right cos we were gonna phone you up like before but it was like a sudden decision so we took a group
871. think so i ' ve not seen one cos they ' re not big enough are they? i mean si well that used to be big enough didn ' t it well if you think the first computer i mean but if you start adding bits to it it spoils what it is doesn ' t it? yeah all the time yeah you need to be able to back it up somewhere along the lines yeah
882. ' s not immediately in front of you and so on if you ' re because they were for going in you know if you want to move little wires in a jumble of wires inside a a computer box you could actually get hold of things so i would like to keep those because i don ' t know anybody who i could pass them onto really mm mm yes mm no it ' s all about finding
884. cares how big your mortgage is not gonna matter now no but there there was something about how these sorta major companies in america there ' s apple microsoft er general electric esso or exxon er computer people whoever they are the erm oh yeah i know the ones you mean but as er what was it called? not cpi what whatever are they called? they yeah it ' s the one you never
909. the bottle really the bri the british poor the poor the un the un - flash the tight - fisted yeah um uh yeah so i read about like a lot of um like german solar solar powered computer just in germany solar power? why? um are them things in the oven done? like yeah probably are actually uh quite urgently na they take ages to heat through a lot of the time yeah i reckon
920. be kind for your eyes good for your eyes oh well okay for your eyes aren ' t they? they ' ve just designed it all so that it doesn ' t glare like a yeah like a computer yeah computer it doesn ' t feel the same way at all but i don ' t know it ' s obviously not a page page but it ' s a beautiful thing to i mean even the old one
921. for your eyes good for your eyes oh well okay for your eyes aren ' t they? they ' ve just designed it all so that it doesn ' t glare like a yeah like a computer yeah computer it doesn ' t feel the same way at all but i don ' t know it ' s obviously not a page page but it ' s a beautiful thing to i mean even the old one i '
926. it? plastic isn ' t a technology it isn ' t it ' s a product of technology it ' s not technology well there you go well everything is technology w a hammer ' s technology a computer ' s technology it ' s good it ' s hard isn ' t it? it is hard especially for you it was really hard mm cos finding a link just anyway but er matching it to the
929. well i ' ve done fifteen percent of my english language i ' ve done twenty - five percent of my english literature and that ' s fifteen percent of that and we ' re doing coursework in computer science which is now you ' re going to show me yeah which is either twenty - five percent or thirty or maybe thirty - five percent of that let me try and think about it now cos there
930. me yeah which is either twenty - five percent or thirty or maybe thirty - five percent of that let me try and think about it now cos there ' s three parts what ' s that? computer sciences there ' s two bits of coursework and then an exam and i ' m trying to think of what the percentages are did your teacher come back? oh how is he? he walked into
952. i put the in it ' s safe mode oh okay what as in? as in it ' s safe player safe blood? oh right i see sorry i thought you were talking about some kind of computer mode there no i was gonna say computers don ' t have blood oh no wait basically yeah this is quite well done now right so i ' m gonna take i ' ll just take that off the er
958. five thousand five hundred and fif no yeah five thousand five hundred isis accounts twenty - four hours oh after isis called them idiots wow i hope it ' s true i hope so i really hope this computer thing actually works you know? what? the without killing people but instead like using a different tactic and like you know shutting down the basically their communications and things mm yeah well i mean that ' s how
965. now cos they ' re all digital mm and the easiest way to make a digital thing do something is to put a computer in it so you ' ve got two boards in there one is a computer and the other one just controls the power that ' s it yeah which makes them very easy for me to repair but your traditional tv repair man just goes mm let ' s take that board out put a
970. park the car yeah where do you park? right on the on the you go to morrisons right? and you drive up right up the end until you go right up the end there where that computer store is across the road and you park there under the tree so you park in the morrisons car park? yeah and then walk right down there he ' s gonna right? he ' s gonna be
974. my script here up in the bedroom mm i still i ' m still reading my book though so i and i today okay put it in your bag please i ' m walking and is going on her computer museum trip on friday my grandad ' s computers will be there really? yes apparently he er he donated them or bequeathed them no he after he died they gave it to them that it what beque

Cluster 3
9. out yeah erm but it was only thirty pound which is it so stupid of me like i always do that and regret it just from laziness mm would have taken me five minutes on the computer and i just didn ' t do it oh well they might not have sold out but hey like it will save a lot of money cos it might just be thirty pound for that but the drinks inside
11. t think so i was creating play lists and if you delete it out of the download folder it just deletes the whole song so i guess what you could do is put it on your computer so i ' ve got bluetooth on this and i just bluetooth it to my mac take all the songs off create an album on my mac and then bluetooth it back on put it on in
17. do you know they ' re doing split shifts? yes erm the only days that they ' re not doing split shifts is tuesday and a thursday so he ' s not gonna check erm the computer on tuesday or thursday cos he ' s not gonna have time right cos it ' s a really busy day but monday wednesday and friday yeah he ' s gonna do an hour or an hour and
20. to just cross it? um i mean just it might go mental so okay so just don ' t press download no i think just close that okay that bad boy down now before you break my poor computer okay mm look at all these what is it? all this shit that i never look at what ' s this crap? loadsa crap so new charlotte not carol at ihg dot com that ' s
21. the house yeah no oth and my watch had suddenly stopped cos the battery ' s gone in that yeah yeah and i ' ve got no other clocks in the house yeah so yeah put your computer yeah on and find out the time that ' s right yeah but even that ' s set you you know you set it by your clock don ' t you? yeah it ' s not it ' s
22. son? yeah eighteen eighteen? that ' s awesome he ' s a guy that ' s too good oh papa replied i ' m ready to trade a bigger tv against you giving up addiction to your computer oh tha a bit shit yeah lame right? no i ' m what? are you just flinging all the ones you already know? are you doing all the easy ones? yeah no i ' ve
23. ' s er yeah it ' s er sacro er it ' s a yeah so i wanna take it easy i ' m gonna start making more music here on my own i think oh with the computer haven ' t had much chance the last couple of weeks but i ' ll try and squeeze in an hour here and there i ' ve got my microphone what? i ' ve got my piano over there
24. a i just put it on on the ipad or a stick and and take it down yeah i wish we could have got that one too mm oh that reminds me that one erm i bought my computer well actually erm i bought it this morning because erm in my new office erm they ' ve only given me a a computer on the desk oh right? is that yours? er yeah oh
25. mm oh that reminds me that one erm i bought my computer well actually erm i bought it this morning because erm in my new office erm they ' ve only given me a a computer on the desk oh right? is that yours? er yeah oh and erm yesterday i went in and er they said er we need to verify er your er the the the your account mm and they
28. could get the details from that oh wouldn ' t have a clue but erm wouldn ' t know it in the end it worked out so erm i ' ve h i ' ve brought my computer just to to show at erm mm yeah well let me put on that thing that i said to er yeah i ' ll i ' ll i ' ve got it in the to download movies and stuff
32. might as well stop it mm yeah okay yeah see if i can get this programme on the stick i can put it on your computer programme files video okay so if i go to programme files er my computer oh this computer ' s dying on me well i might as well take this off and delete this because i can ' t watch it no leave it yeah? yeah i can put on a programme on
33. stop it mm yeah okay yeah see if i can get this programme on the stick i can put it on your computer programme files video okay so if i go to programme files er my computer oh this computer ' s dying on me well i might as well take this off and delete this because i can ' t watch it no leave it yeah? yeah i can put on a programme on your computer that
35. ' s why i ' m getting now oh erm in theory okay er yeah go here copy that onto my stick it ' s here have you got wi - fi here? yeah i think your computer should be connected anyway shouldn ' t it? mm managed to connect it to the wi - fi at my house have you not used it here before? i ' ve bought it here before for you to
36. yeah connect you ' re gonna need a password erm no unable to oh why? cancel that try again limited access not sure i mean i mean what ' s that saying that only you and your computer you can use it? no maybe cos when we ' ve got the baby monitor on sometimes it it affects the wi - fi signal mm let ' s try it again connect it it says it '
39. was on embarrassing bodies and you know when they do is it supersize vs superskinny and they go and visit someone in america and they get round the house in a wheelchair and go on computer chair cos they can ' t stand for too long the worst bit is when you know when you can see in between the thighs and er it ' s green that oh god cos it ' s
40. he ' d had it for years yeah the keys wasn ' t working properly and he wanted to be able to check emails on the train for convenience instead of coming home turning the laptop on turning the computer on yeah and warming it up and all the rest of it but he he doesn ' t use it to its full full potential oh cos that and think it ' s hilarious cos they had said
46. be the most or effective? i can yeah erm er show you what the options are you could post a link to the song which is your favourite song? erm oh damn it this stupid computer i can ' t get into soundcloud on this sorry dear oh that ' s annoying i love that so put it through to try no cos i haven ' t got that i don ' t
47. on why not? do you know how to copy a link on a no ipad? well i haven ' t yeah wait a minute now how to copy link on an ipad i ' ll ask the computer open safari web browser on your ipad and navigate to the hold your finger against the web link for roughly two seconds and then remove the finger from the screen scroll down the list until you see copy then tap
48. haven ' t got soundcloud no we can ' t the actual the hardware won ' t support the move that ' s so devious of them they ' re just making us buy a new computer pretty much it ' s ten years old mind even so have you read that dumb britain yet dad? mm? have you read dumb britain? read them out to us no we haven ' t read it
50. the picture of the review yes i did send it to you er now i need to download that it would have been your gmail yeah could i let me look look at the picture of oh this computer ' s dying i ' m afraid so it ' s really just on its last until you get your initial record deal yeah and me complete a msc module are you doing that? that was ten years ago
52. when i went to college was like a crash course it was like a week intensive course for erm er really basic it thing and that cost like three hundred pound and it was like this is a computer this is a hard drive these are the components ram and has like a processor three hundred pound for that i was like i ' m glad i didn ' t pay for that i spent the last like three
53. oh a long long time we ' ve had it for donkey ' s years yeah well so had i oh right but i hadn ' t been to the library and it still goes in the their po computer on the got a new one? mind you they can ' t tell us anything about our account on there can they? i don ' t think i ' ve got it with me there ' s the
57. ? er mid - nineties maybe? when the internet started getting a bit more uhu accessible erm actually probably late nineties erm no not that long anyway whenever it was i had a computer and i had internet connection at home dial - up modem back in the day yep i remember the days and erm yeah chat rooms started getting going uhu and i used to go in the free
59. ve installed? um yeah including some of those um i ' ll start it up and i ' ll list what crap it ' s starting up you mean it it it ' s like switching on a computer mm and it opening every single program but but when you say starting up do you mean like actually comes on the screen as if you as if you just pressed the the icon? no but they ' re
67. if you like that gotye sound i think you ' d you ' d like her yeah oh right her music kind of kind of poppy just sort of connect the and plug the new gps into the computer right disconnect wanna turn the light on? it looks a bit er that ' s right or are you alright? i ' m fine i can see here oh yeah? cool i can see look
69. then folders into folders i like my fav oh right like my favourites yeah yeah but i have qui i ' ve probably got like a couple of hundred websites on here oh right my right computer just stopped working your computer ' s just stopped working? oh no it ' s working again the mouse stopped it like froze right for a second so right erm so how am i gonna do this then
70. ##s i like my fav oh right like my favourites yeah yeah but i have qui i ' ve probably got like a couple of hundred websites on here oh right my right computer just stopped working your computer ' s just stopped working? oh no it ' s working again the mouse stopped it like froze right for a second so right erm so how am i gonna do this then? i ' ll come
90. s find another where ' s the skype? you ' re funny aren ' t you? huh? where ' s the skype skype skype of course it ' s? er your computer ' s there yeah put all these photos away oh stupid yeah can you help me? erm i just want to pile them so that they don ' t get ruined mm i ' ll turn this off
94. got a new laptop? yeah i ' m really pleased about this laptop cos i ' ve never had one before what a laptop? no i ' ve never owned a laptop only had a static computer oh like a desktop mm mm and the so what what what prompted you? well it ' s erm well er my friend ' s partner erm you know i was asking him about getting a laptop
96. got a laptop from them right okay it all becomes clear and erm the insurance paid for a you know a replacement ah yeah and erm so i was just saying i didn ' t want a computer with windows eight on it like ' s one so i wanted i didn ' t need a and i didn ' t want a touch screen you know the new one ' s i just wanted one maybe year
97. cost about a hundred and fifty pounds so it ' s getting to the realms now where it ' s almost as easy to buy a new one isn ' t it? yeah yeah erm like my computer if i was to replace it it would cost about two hundred pounds so there ' s almost no point me er fixing it rerepairs unless there ' s unless there ' s stuff on the machine
98. was a thousand pound machine and there ' s only a small problem they probably would fix it because you ' ve already spent that money for a reason mm you know for capat the capabilities of the computer but i don ' t know i don ' t what brought you to linux then? he doesn ' t use it do you use linux? it ' s free yeah i didn ' t realise you used
99. ' s you know and the thing about it is that it is erm an older it ' s based on an older operating system but it was coded properly from the beginning and like you say your computer was struggling with the latest version yeah of windows but this operating system which is more sophisticated because it is more efficient it actually works better yeah uhu even on a i ' ve not had any problems with
100. of course what happens? she got poached by another school and we offered her a more permanent contract oh right but erm ah these things happen mm mm but er no going back to your computer erm you ' ve got no excuse now not to use prezi yes ah right what ' s prezi? prezi is this erm er i ' ve only see a week bit erm
106. erm i on tuesday and the computers didn ' t work in the classroom mm oh i could there ' s so many things that went wrong i can ' t even list them yeah i pulled the computer out broke the audio cable then there was just that in the whole classroom you can ' t teach internet and moodle workshop without a computer and the internet and a display screen it ' s just absolute oh
112. laptop you had that massive desktop with that humongous monitor that took up the whole desk oh my god yeah and i told them at middle school i was the computer girl cos we had one computer in our middle school and that was the library computer that every night was locked away and every night i went in and got it and i was like the computer girl i had to set up the computer make
113. ##ous monitor that took up the whole desk oh my god yeah and i told them at middle school i was the computer girl cos we had one computer in our middle school and that was the library computer that every night was locked away and every night i went in and got it and i was like the computer girl i had to set up the computer make sure the program was working for the library books and
116. and i was like the computer girl i had to set up the computer make sure the program was working for the library books and it was new and everyone was really excited we ' ve got a new computer in school am i really that old? oh my god and i told them that erm i told them that i didn ' t have a phone till the second year mm was it second year i got
119. they? you can ' t test that on writing a word document no unless there was some sort of computer program that makes you write and there ' s no no dictionary no spell check on the whole computer mm well you can disable that yeah but if you ' re in exam conditions you wouldn ' t have time to be disabling bits and bobs no but you could oh we could disable
120. ' s only walking up the road oh right yeah just up the road luckily oh that ' s the er mobile library yeah the mobile library that ' s handy that is yeah oh yeah the erm computer doesn ' t print from what again? computer it ' s i ' ll sort that what ' s that wireless? yeah yeah yeah that do play up sometimes don ' t they? yeah that ' s
121. yeah just up the road luckily oh that ' s the er mobile library yeah the mobile library that ' s handy that is yeah oh yeah the erm computer doesn ' t print from what again? computer it ' s i ' ll sort that what ' s that wireless? yeah yeah yeah that do play up sometimes don ' t they? yeah that ' s easy enough to do cos that ' s
131. both on the same day i ' d like to do pointless well let ' s enter then er yeah i think you and i should shall we? just do it now okay right where ' s the computer? imagine if we get on well there was one today goodness me the erm the first round was british winners of the grand prix well the only grand prix person that came to my mind was michael schumacher
134. all that but yeah or for like computers laptops still oh i know but i ' ve got tv guide thing app i downloaded the other day mm and still useful for f if you want a proper computer still yeah i mean then it ' s useful to have the wi - fi i do all my job searches on here everything yeah i know it ' s really handy but i don ' t tell the job
135. so i got rid of put all those in a box of bits which all of us yeah when you look at all the cables you ' ve got mm yeah when when whenever you buy something for the computer you get another yeah usb you know and you think about before they decided to put usb usb lots of usb ' s into your computers you brought a little hob where you could plug them in you did
136. right okay so just turn it off turn it off and then load it up cos it might just have things kept in cache and you just need to of course just like your cache on on your computer right yeah sometimes you have to clear all that off don ' t you? yeah oh thanks for that yeah there you go when i first stick my computer on and i get erm internet up or whatever
137. of course just like your cache on on your computer right yeah sometimes you have to clear all that off don ' t you? yeah oh thanks for that yeah there you go when i first stick my computer on and i get erm internet up or whatever whatever i want to see it come up just like that yeah but as the day goes past you get try to get something else up or and keep you
140. holding thirty - two megabytes in your hand yeah yeah sorry thirty - two gigabytes gigabytes yeah in your hand and that ' s five megabytes they show you the first computer whi which is made mm britain was the first one to do the computers weren ' t they and they shared the first computer and they got in a in a museum somewhere now there ' s a room
141. hand and that ' s five megabytes they show you the first computer whi which is made mm britain was the first one to do the computers weren ' t they and they shared the first computer and they got in a in a museum somewhere now there ' s a room for it it ' s a huge thing isn ' t it? mm massive computer i saw and all that was was about six
142. ' t they and they shared the first computer and they got in a in a museum somewhere now there ' s a room for it it ' s a huge thing isn ' t it? mm massive computer i saw and all that was was about six six megabytes or something sixteen k i think sixteen k well yeah but no that i just thought that was absolutely amazing that yeah look at that right right
143. night and she says erm she said she wanted to go to erm the garden centre again for mother ' s day not okay actually on mother ' s day on the sorry that ' s the computer on the erm saturday uhu the fifth cos is coming up again and they ' ve asked but can ' t make it what a surprise well yeah so she wants to go there and i said
145. ' t think so what you doing on the computer? i don ' t i ' m trying to email myself something a powerpoint presentation but i ' m gonna then try and open on ' s computer but because his is er because his is a map i ' m not sure whether it will open but i don ' t wanna take my laptop to tutoring cos it ' s too heavy so i
149. re changing it i think yeah it ' s typical with your father i ' m sure he could have pushed for it not to be changed but what what what is this doing? right is ' s computer better? no oh this is just is it the site? which site are you on? wizz or thomas cook? thomas cook oh okay right no there are two adults and an infant do you search
152. put it up for somebody else okay but the problem i had was that when i did it before my well basically told me how to do it and i wrote it down but when i got my new computer i found although i didn ' t realise at the time that the problem was that my phone was not synced or synchronised into my new computer so it was basically just a a question of
160. need isn ' t it? you don ' t want to be swimming about in a big house either this website is really awkward to use on an i - device yeah i would def go with the computer if you insist on leaving your ipad in the mm where did you leave it?? oh mum least you assume that ' s where you left it i know that ' s where i left it i could
161. hilarious inappropriately and she just said so in your face oh right so i don ' t know yeah and then i snapchatted it from my i snapchatted it with a picture on my computer on my phone and then she said do you mean screenshot? i was like no i don ' t how do you even have conversations? do you know y she tagged me in like loads of stuff
162. gotta pay oh shit yeah if they do that i ' m fucked and they charge you twenty - five pounds arrangement fee for doing it? yeah for doing nothing press er pushing in a button on the computer i know absolute bullshit so i ' m gonna write them a letter i ' m just gonna say to them cos the thing is as well it ' s really irresponsible lending if that '
167. already playing the piano but he was going and then a van comes out i didn ' t see what it was but then i looked inside and there was shaggy driving the van scooby on a computer looking next to him and then there was this small egg it was saying fred next time i think you should take us to somewhere fun yes it did seem a bit scooby - dooish to me
170. it ' s gonna go and yeah it kind of makes it may be harder for group work kind of creates barriers between people what physical barriers? well yeah mm and you kind of focus more on your computer don ' t you? rather than who ' s sitting next to you yeah chinese students kind of do that anyway erm but it would be good for when we ' re later in the writing course when
173. doing exactly the same as using a pen mm mm anyway where are we? where did you say we ' ll g gotta go? freshers ' week? yeah i ' ve got to get my computer fixed too this week i need to go really? well i need to go in and they ' re i need to re back it all up again because there ' s a few extra things and oh and
174. on no she w i mean what did she say with her eyes? i recorded i was recording it so i ' ll just have a listen go on then crack it on it ' s on the computer come on you must recall some important detail she said she asked me where i got it i told her the thing about the channel four film crew i said yeah you can watch did you tell her er er
175. the doctor ' s had to go and see another fella pay me box then he had to go and see someone else and then had a ma another mate wants me to go and look at his computer hhow can i fit it all in? if you know what i mean and i still say yeah alright leave it with me leave it with me i i should learn myself but i think i think the
176. go this time but you know what i meant by walking? kind of kind of like what i you could ' ve said taking the bus mm? it ' s kind of like when when i said computer when you said laptop i see okay well like it ' s the exact same thing if you ask ' s mother she ' ll bring the two of you mm? if you ask ' s mother she '
180. there is a way that everything could be sorted when it comes to the bank and the building society but the bank and building society now are so tightly regulated yeah yeah because when you put things into a computer if it comes up with a number well it ' s computers aren ' t aren ' t human ' s are they? they ' re they ' re just they ' re just programmed yeah they are aren
184. think as soon as i go downstairs to eat that ' s it that ' s it when i come back upstairs that ' s it thing is that my computer ' s in the kitchen mm? my computer the lap the desktop ' s in the kitchen oh oh yeah so i ' m just like oh yeah you work downstairs have to be there stand yeah i can ' t fit anything in my room it '
187. if there ' s anything you want to change? erm and let me have it back by tomorrow yeah which you know they all did so i just sat and did it when you were at the computer so yeah that ' s it and then oh that ' s rather and then no starter vintage hunter ' s chicken and then he ' s having well whenever and go out for food they always have chicken don
188. your samsung? actually okay i ' m still getting used to it but then because i hadn ' t really used one before but i quite like it cos i wanted it to pair up with my computer and i wanted to be able to take a photograph and for it go up to ipad this is just me thinking mm and s and sounding as though i know what i ' m doing erm so there
189. in that room yours? yours? yeah remember my black one oh before your mac? yeah did i get like i i i sort of gave it to the lounge just for like an all - round computer to play music off yeah yeah yeah erm like going on youtube and stuff to get stuff yeah and then spilt er like his orange juice and vodka on it fuck just fucked it up that was
190. mm all to yourself oh that ' s nice yes i should make cakes yes i ' ve got that book of baking from the national trust ah yes have you seen it? er upstairs just by the computer okay mm oh yeah that ' s that ' ll be good i hhave to make it meant to be trying to get back into it so i ' m just concentrating on those buns and tea
191. i think that might cause a bit of erm disruption because here i ' ll do it what if i ' m holding it on the yeah because i had it on the oh no that was my computer that caused the disruption i tried to make a video for your dad of i think it was and there was too much movement but the audio just got completely doused with it i sent him a video though
192. ' s just not recognised by logic well that would be silly i think because yeah it ' s still usb and it ' s still a keyboard yeah all of the jazzy stuff you do on a computer so there ' s no need for it to be updated in any way well no just a key well no no if you look at all the n latest midi keyboards they all they ' ve got a load
193. no if you look at all the n latest midi keyboards they all they ' ve got a load of pads on them and have you got loads of knobs but you do all of that on the computer so there ' s no need for that yeah yeah yeah but erm but i was just er texting and he ' s got a midi keyboard and i just asked him has he got a is it
194. you can buy the cable yeah but if that doesn ' t work then i think i need to buy a new midi keyboard woo i choked cos i can use the the keyboard that is on the computer no no you don ' t wanna do that but it ' s it ' s crap there ' s no point in doing that cos you won ' t learn how to play a keyboard no it '
196. find out mm mm you like cos you like i prefer to have coffee though and she was gonna make biscuits yesterday yeah but she spent the day in the garage er sorting out a friend ' s computer oh right oh so biscuits did not er feature on the agenda that ' s fine so sorry no biscuits oh no this coffee ' s lovely the coffee ' s from the algerian coffee shop in soho right and
198. weird innit? why can ' t they be easy like they used to be? i dunno god knows too easy to well they make everything they make everything yeah so complicated i mean if that computer went in there that would co that ' s gotta cost us a fortune innit? mm you know cos yeah like there ' s no reason why it should cost you a fortune cos no it
199. ' s a s i mean you can buy electronic gizmos for next to nothing can ' t you? you can yeah you can so why is that? i dunno why is a car computer so expensive? i dunno it ' s only a little chip yeah and they must make millions of them and i if they it ' s got two computers that one yeah it ' s got it '
201. going that ' s the but the thing is that these new mots they ' ve got if anything electronic doesn ' t work that ' s automatic failure failure yeah that is mm you need a new computer in it yeah take it out and put in a new one i mean the only the only good thing about it is is that you know they probably nothing will fail for the first ten years anyway well that
205. half past eight at night look twe ten to nine i get them at ten to nine do you? yeah ten to eleven ten to three yeah they must well they ' re they just got this computer haven ' t they? mm just ringing people up yeah mm you can get it stopped can ' t you? we did have it stopped once didn ' t we? well they said not any more didn
207. people perceived her she was just dancing meeting men online and having fun mm erm and this was a phase erm after she and her second husband had split up and i ' d given her a computer computers were quite new so this computer was the size of a small town but seemed to fit in her house okay and she discovered chat rooms and starting chatting with men and meeting men and mm going out and
208. meeting men online and having fun mm erm and this was a phase erm after she and her second husband had split up and i ' d given her a computer computers were quite new so this computer was the size of a small town but seemed to fit in her house okay and she discovered chat rooms and starting chatting with men and meeting men and mm going out and having a good time and i went
210. cos we thought well yeah cos i i i thought that i thought that wwe er i just put the yeah television off ups er the oh yeah er the the the plug er we used that computer yeah yeah er i turned the plug off mm upstairs yeah yeah and of course that ' s not the point that no it ' s the router er because there ' s this book er the the er
212. m stuck with something that i cry send him an emai he he ' s got er what ' s it called? the remote control access oh right okay he he ' s got that to my computer so has he? so what ' s he comes in like when you ' ve got problems? and he takes over oh how useful that is yes he just takes it over oh you lucky thing types things
215. print yeah but what i ' ve sent to the print just recently that ' ll pay for the program that cloud though that ' s pretty good for cos you don ' t keep anything on your computer anymore mm mm mm you just go on the cloud for so much a month and yeah well you ' ve gotta join the cloud as well on top of it? oh you ' ve gotta join well you
216. my i don ' t know what i did with the camera for my skype yeah i see you ' re on skype but yeah but i haven ' t got a camera erm when the computer went i tucked it somewhere safe and i haven ' t found it but but the erm but we ' re still sort of in touch cos i will post something and she ' ll like it mm
220. you can if you want yeah i need my i need i actually need my glasses can ' t see much though oh yeah wait till we ' ve sorted them out or i can put em on the computer put the on the puter because you tend to go ah waiting for the sprays to come up you know? oh yeah there ' s a lot a lot we ' ve got to delete a
221. wagging your finger? i ' m wagging my finger because i was so cross i ' ve never ever known anything like it deliberately put his i left my iphone in the erm ipad and computer in the bag and didn ' t take it out how long has he been travelling? he knows oh dad you ' ve got to take the ipad out and he just said oh they stop you anyway and
222. the worst for that but you you knew darn well in they care and more or less everywhere else was this is? i don ' t know where we were but you ' d deliberately left your computer in no it wasn ' t i know i wouldn ' t do it in are the worst and he s and his excuse for this aberration was well they just stop and check me every time so
223. and he s and his excuse for this aberration was well they just stop and check me every time so i may as well just do it oh no no but if you ' ve left your computer in play the game they know that you ' re being annoying so they they put him through three times yeah we were there a good half an hour i went straight through they had a sniffer dog come
224. t matter at all i just wondered if it was a no there was one super stressful event i in frankfurt airport was i there? no you weren ' t there thank god and i took my computer out put it through in x - ray machine and forgot to pick it up again oh oh and then i was oh oh oh oh oh in i was sort of s it ' s an enormous you '
225. ? frankfurt is that where you came from last time? er yes yes yes yes enormous airport and i wandered about a mile to find the the business lounge and then went into the business lounge oh no computer oh dad he his computer and panic and it was a complete panic erm of course it wasn ' t there it had been picked up oh gosh and it was in the lost property office which was
226. you came from last time? er yes yes yes yes enormous airport and i wandered about a mile to find the the business lounge and then went into the business lounge oh no computer oh dad he his computer and panic and it was a complete panic erm of course it wasn ' t there it had been picked up oh gosh and it was in the lost property office which was about four miles away on
227. lost property office which was about four miles away on the escalators and the time was ticking away and i basically had to wait while he got on his tractor and went to fefetch the computer from somewhere else oh dad and it was about five seconds to spare to get on the plane oh god actually did a funny thing totally unlike him in frankfurt last time did he? he left his passport and
228. to ask your opinion mm there was another occasion when i was on a flight to oman and i was all last minute and i was erm making view graphs for a presentation the following day and the computer went flat mm so erm it was a black you know it was a black screen jobby wasn ' t it? it wasn ' t just battery gone well no it it was battery and then and
231. know no it ' s saturday huh mm don ' t guess check yeah well i can ' t because no i know i haven ' t got anything to check with mm but you ' ve got a computer no i have no idea what time can you do it on the i can do it on my s sunday er on the oh and it ' s recording so no you can ' t mm yes you can
232. this get into this building? yeah and why is it still in this building? yeah i know the main thing was like how is that still there? so yeah are you gonna get rid of your computer then? yeah i might have to have like one final go on it to try and get like salvage some stuff off it okay good luck with that i know it takes fucking forever cos i tried to
233. to you ' ll you ' ll have to destroy the hard drive mm yeah you ' ll need to destroy the hard drive why? why? why? because even if you delete things off a computer er it ' s yeah never actually gone and if oh yeah some like hacker person found it and you ' d been go and you had like yeah financial files or whatever on there and important documents then they
234. whatever on there and important documents then they could get in thingy with it then you need to destroy it destroy it have you need seen malcolm in the middle where where his neighbour gives him like that computer? and they find out that he ' s like he ' s being doing some dirty deeds and that so they mm start blackmailing him really? fucking love malcolm in the middle i haven ' t watched
239. and they have to they ' re supposed to take it in turns but there ' s er well does hog it a bit cos he loves anything gadgety like that but yeah they have a computer with all the colours er remember his yellow phone? i remember and the pho he did it today actually cos erm mm we ' re in a baby group and there ' s this one called
240. the wires at the back of the tv yeah so well i was thinking about moving that music stuff into the other room now what? no we need music here but we never use it only because the computer ' s disappeared where ' s it gone? i thought well cos i ' ve been using it cos i ' ve been using the second sound card well it ' s useful having two computers see
241. thought well cos i ' ve been using it cos i ' ve been using the second sound card well it ' s useful having two computers see i thought that you were gonna get your new computer the old computer was gonna stay here for music? well that ' s what i thought at first but cos the internet ' s not working from down i don ' t know but loved listening to music
242. ##s i ' ve been using it cos i ' ve been using the second sound card well it ' s useful having two computers see i thought that you were gonna get your new computer the old computer was gonna stay here for music? well that ' s what i thought at first but cos the internet ' s not working from down i don ' t know but loved listening to music today oh right
243. she missed it you should have seen her eyes so was she just loved it mm cos when we were travelling she we didn ' t listen to much music and since we ' ve been back the computer ' s been in the other room yeah i ' ve been playing guitar and stuff to her yeah yeah yeah there ' s that so loves that but just generally on in the house mm i think it i
245. but you can ' t do that cos there ' s thousands of folders yeah well it has to be the jukebox it means plugging in the computer and do you really need that computer? i ' m using it a lot like in conjunction with the other one yeah well i ' ll get jukebox on mine download the music onto mine er how much space have you got on yours
247. ##m i don ' t know i guess my music comes to but then it ' s annoying because you can ' t listen to music and do stuff on the computer at the same time we need another computer you ' ll probably need about fifty - sixty gigs fifty - sixty gigs it ' s a guess how do i find out? just go to my computer well i ' ve got on my local disc on
249. ve just i ' ve clicked that box now just remembered my password really? yeah so many times just got to the stage you know where you ' ve just got too many yeah if someone stole my computer they could have a field day but they can ' t get in it without the er first password mm yeah so you alright then? oh whoops i don ' t really know oh yeah i got the
251. a nice bottle of spirit and mm he smells nice well on twenty - sixteen we ' ll have to work on getting them you get a passport you can bring him with you yeah can i have the computer darling? i need to buy a shop for bet that ' s half the problem they don ' t want to leave mm well it is a bit yeah ah always when you have to pass it does it
252. it dies i don ' t know why you didn ' t buy one from the apple store it ' s a rip - off they ' re terribly expensive they ' re terribly expensive yeah yeah mm our computer ' s dying actually that ' s another reason why we didn ' t need the erm computer case because this is well it it yeah it ' s gonna be better used by well i hope so ut
253. ' s a rip - off they ' re terribly expensive they ' re terribly expensive yeah yeah mm our computer ' s dying actually that ' s another reason why we didn ' t need the erm computer case because this is well it it yeah it ' s gonna be better used by well i hope so utilised hopefully it ' ll come out of its case yeah have you programming in no time you '
254. those er mm did you cards like aren ' t they? yeah memory sticks and that mm when i i waiting while you went out then i confessed to i ' d forgotten how to do the the computer? mm well the printer that i brought i knew that i said last night to i bet he brings his computer again cos he would have forgotten the printer did you say that? yeah well i was
255. while you went out then i confessed to i ' d forgotten how to do the the computer? mm well the printer that i brought i knew that i said last night to i bet he brings his computer again cos he would have forgotten the printer did you say that? yeah well i was going to wasn ' t i? i said i think i ' ll take it he said he why didn '
256. bit which system? the marking? the epen system the epen? yes oh really? really in what way? what was that? well there ' s the platform that you mark on the computer is going to need some additional system requirements oh mm uhu that was before they started it you mean technical requirements of the computer? big change yes to what now? erm i don ' t think
257. was that? well there ' s the platform that you mark on the computer is going to need some additional system requirements oh mm uhu that was before they started it you mean technical requirements of the computer? big change yes to what now? erm i don ' t think it will we still meet everything? i i think so well mm we ' ve got sort of two computers mm well even three
261. ##screen yeah so i ' ll sometimes sit there with my laptop and i ' m thinking it ' s not doing it it ' s n ah i do that as well mouse i do that with the computer you start trying to touch stuff yeah yeah yeah so do you want like a chow meiny thing? or er when you ' re saying plain what what do you fancy? er well normally i ' d
262. something should happen it ' s it should happen jolly well meant to happen there and then and if it doesn ' t happen i get really and i wanna throw it across the room yeah oh my my computer our it manager came to see me today about something and i was showing him on my computer and he was saying is it always this slow? i said because i ' m doing confidential things mm i have
265. director and she said oh yes in our head office today they ' ve got two people there dressed up as storm troopers right and if you are walking about without wearing your pass yeah if you leave your computer without locking it yeah or if you breach security in any other way yeah they are frogmarching people into one of the offices and they ' ve got somebody there dressed as some emperor and read you the
269. it ' s so nice i want to make sure it goes to somebody that will yeah want it that will use it yeah yeah too big well he had a desk in his bedroom here which had the computer on so when he moved he he took that mm with him so yeah no he ' s he ' s fine with that is that moved in with her boyfriend a few months ago oh right and the first
270. him so yeah no he ' s he ' s fine with that is that moved in with her boyfriend a few months ago oh right and the first thing i said to her was do you want a computer desk? she said mum it ' s a tiny little it ' s a it ' s a oh bungalow that they ' re in a tiny little one mm in yeah you go in the front door and
273. innit? yeah well i ' ve just been sorting out some emails have you? and looking at some news yeah i ' ve had enough all that on i i can ' t work on a computer that long that that ' s not good for your head yeah no no no especially with that big screen yeah yeah the big screen does it doesn ' t help having a big screen does it? that doesn
274. yeah so bright i ' ve turned turned it right down to i know but it ' s brighter than yeah yeah it ' s a shame you can ' t turn it down any more yes no more computer for me today i was just about to go outside and it just started raining yeah tippling down yeah tippling down like mad last year oh yeah you know erm windows seven? yeah that only works
275. - two but most computers nowadays are sixty - four yeah they are is yours sixty - four then? no thirty - two? yeah i was just wondering if you ' ve got you know a new computer that ' s sixty - four bit windows seven on it will that run old programs? no isn ' t there you can ' t isn ' t there a thing where you can you know? there used
277. you you can either buy a thirty - two bit mm and i think they actually on a sixty - four bit one that will downgrade to a thirty - two bit one you know on on the computer itself yeah i i couldn ' t be quite sure oh no no it ' s just that ' s been bending my ear about buying a new laptop for her yeah and and a new laptop it ' s
278. and i had to cos cos they were formatted tables as well mm um so that they go straight into the internet program so i put them all in and then i went onto ' s computer and i transferred the last one and finished my work to send it mm cos i can ' t send it with open office i have to then send it to this computer and then i have to save
280. well that ' s only good if it if you office is three hundred quid oh and open office is er nil yeah so i mean yeah but you if you still need somebody else ' s computer i mean i still have to transfer all of work onto ' s computer so that i can send it yeah that ' s that ' s true i mean and that this is the problem with microsoft you see
281. quid oh and open office is er nil yeah so i mean yeah but you if you still need somebody else ' s computer i mean i still have to transfer all of work onto ' s computer so that i can send it yeah that ' s that ' s true i mean and that this is the problem with microsoft you see mm altogether microsoft is has has got a monopoly that ' s the same
283. the baby comes first yeah but you know it ' s it ' s yeah her grandmother looked after her brought her up and then came to look after her because seemed to be do you go on the computer to her? yeah because look doesn ' t want that it ' s mental she doesn ' t want it? so so she must have se you must think she ' s stupid erm she said oh
284. yes there ' s there ' s phones and there ' s there ' s there ' s email so email took her months to figure that one out really? and then oh yeah no access to the computer can ' t use it computer if you use it at school erm i ' ll report the teachers which is like seriously bad and it ' s like well how stupid does she think they she is in
286. it ' s really nice there we go hang on what did i switch on the wrong one? no i switched them over oh i ' ll just do that one sorry since i ' ve put the computer here and this is these are the only bits of power power that you have in this room really? yeah so this is i ' ve got the extension it ' s goes round and that connects to there
287. sockets downstairs two two two two in the living room yeah both on the that wall yeah that was the first thing that i noticed that it ' s like extension leads everywhere and usually i have got the computer so i have got one for this and then one for the extension that goes out for that other thing when you bought the house they ' re not going to just france i don ' t think had had
288. to tell them and they stop your money and you start all over again well mum and dad are no good at paperwork and no yeah applying for this and applying for that it ' s all on the computer now isn ' t it anyway? well he can ' t they can ' t really use one can they? so that ' s another big thing so and they have to come out so as to re
299. ##hole is it really? mm like this? what if i squeeze? squeeze in the lolz the lolz yeah? lolz hello hello saw that did you actually see it? mm although taken computer don ' t know i could find it for you see it i don ' t wanna see it i just wanna see if it ' s been taken off i yeah it came with news breaking news the video
300. like really it was just so misty yeah but warm kind of crazy weird weather yeah kid of the sun breaks through and then gives up for a while it was sixteen point five degrees though according to my computer in my car today it was nice during the day did you see all the headlines? britain is warmer than madrid mm it ' s beautiful we actually just sat in the car park for a bit didn '
301. going from going from a nissan micra to this car there ' s so many differences it ' s just like oh my god it is all literally built in and that i ' ve actually got a computer that tells me well there ' s no free tibet sticker on the back oh i miss that stick i ' ve got a i ' ve got a shambala that ' s what you need ah oh
306. not back in it? what have you done with the battery then? no the battery is there ' s like the charge oh no power? yeah oh right well yeah normally when i plug in the computer it you go to the back of the camera i should have said and it says pc or what you ' re doing and you click okay on it what even when it ' s not on? yeah co
307. i should have said and it says pc or what you ' re doing and you click okay on it what even when it ' s not on? yeah cos it ' s getting power from your computer cos it it just wouldn ' t do any it just said no battery and it just went black what on s on the camera? did you look on the camera screen? yeah yeah on the screen
310. er he ' s got like four different slots on it right like it ' s got sd as well like sometimes we use it for our sd ones cos sometimes if you plug it straight into the computer it doesn ' t work even with an sd oh right so the card reader usually always works mm mm have you got to get anything from the shop? no i suppose i could do with getting some food
313. to see the end of it watch it on iplayer huh? watch it on iplayer we haven ' t got iplayer i don ' t like watching it on on the poo on the computer you mean? yeah right get a dongle for your telly and you can watch it on the telly seventy - five quid the dongle is pick some off your wifi i ' m
317. got he he has to touch everything with tissues and stuff mm he doesn ' t usually no but cos i used to play computer games with every sunday hmm didn ' t i mhm a little computer and then we ' d just leave him in the computer game room i remember he used to continue playing and i only went in and played one game who did? he was playing around nana ' s and
323. a day and already i ' ve sort of cottoned on to a few things and also the instructors erm first one asked me oh erm do you do you sit at the sit at the computer a lot and i thought no actually i don ' t but i said yes because i just thought that maybe if i said yes then you know they ' d be able to sort of help my body get
324. wrong i acknowledge it yeah erm so they were right fine so they were you know helping me get more into the thing i thought oh god i actually haven ' t really spent that much at the computer i wonder what ' s going on there? and then another one said something like oh you ' ve got very tight erm hamstrings or something like this and i said oh yes i think
325. ' ve got very tight erm hamstrings or something like this and i said oh yes i think it ' s because i run he said no but is that because you sit at the computer a lot? these two different people so i just said yes again its was just like whatever it ' s so funny yeah just say something tell them what they wanna hear yeah and then i rang her and
326. they ' ve all be lovely about it you know but i just thought well i ' ll just say yeah and then i thought to myself okay no i really haven ' t spent much time at the computer this no as an example i finished my job in december yeah and i ' ve really been on the road yeah having so much fun yeah doing all sorts of things exactly with my body swimming but that '
333. with windows even i still it ' s it ' s bizarre i don ' t get them computers ' s brother ' s got one of them and it ' s mad which? one of them apple computer thingies is it good? i ' ve got only apple and nothing but because as i said i had my last windows needed an update and then the update didn ' t load and it got stuck in
334. closer because windows copies more and more but erm so i use windows at work because obviously all the machines are like that mm and then that ' s just apple oh it ' s like still a computer apple isn ' t it? mm apple but it ' s apple yeah not a pear not a blackberry not a strawberry mm mm i think i might be downloading it again it couldn ' t find the
335. not fail - safe but it actually worked most of the time or windows xp or something like that but you know before that it must have been really a full - time job just yeah yeah running from computer to computer i know oh well we ' ll see mm so what do you think if if tesco is not an option anything else you ' re looking for workwise? anything really mm anything just something
336. - safe but it actually worked most of the time or windows xp or something like that but you know before that it must have been really a full - time job just yeah yeah running from computer to computer i know oh well we ' ll see mm so what do you think if if tesco is not an option anything else you ' re looking for workwise? anything really mm anything just something to do
337. rest of it it was mm one specific set of rules if you like yeah for setting up these computers building them installing drivers erm and then you know transferring the data from yeah one user ' s computer to another and just making sure it looked as it should do er and a lot of it also was to do with kind of customer interaction you know erm which is something that i ' ve always enjoyed
339. is innit yeah that is yeah i don ' t know whether to take it back and see what they say or mm that ' s like mm er di did i tell you i bought a new computer for christmas? no oh i ' m sure i did has your memory gone? probably probably but it was a refurbished one? oh yes you told me yeah no it ' s all ticking in now and
340. yeah or i could get a new hard drive for it you could yeah and you see then yeah but then it ' s er rather gives over the point of getting a second han yeah a refurbished cheap computer yeah when you ' ve got to start spending money on it money on it yeah and then you ' re like in the end otherwise hardly i i don ' t want the problem about the hard drive sort
342. the getting put isn ' t it? yeah the getting put like that ' s right yeah yeah you can but i don ' t know how like i ' ve got on on on on the my computer i ' ve got a folder called ' s web yeah and that ' s got everything in it yeah and it ' s you know all all the folders they ' re all interlinked and everything
344. know it ' s a lot of money for perfume isn ' t it? but it does make you smell good but i would have stuck to the budget but i i because i ' ve had my computer and i ' ve had to get myself a new computer mm did you? what instead of your i i just i just feel erm mac? no th er desktop no no this is a desktop oh
345. ' t it? but it does make you smell good but i would have stuck to the budget but i i because i ' ve had my computer and i ' ve had to get myself a new computer mm did you? what instead of your i i just i just feel erm mac? no th er desktop no no this is a desktop oh right oh it ' s a standalone desktop right right er
346. t even think about it did we? no got down there and it was like uploading updates i was like are are you sure there ' s nothing down there? just double check i know the computer ' s on but just check couldn ' t believe it do you ever remember that time when we were camping in and you went you got up to go to the toilet and it woke me up so i
352. couldn ' t hand your work in yeah so therefore they knew if it was late and it was time yeah and knew i ' d be the last person belting down that corridor from the from the computer room hold on it ' s printing fricking hurry up aw running down the corridor with it in my hands and i used to sometimes used to stand with his arm in the door for me you can
353. options of internet here thanks just being helpful except for he can ' t cope with all three can he he thinks he can he thinks he ' s the big i am he ' s like no samsung computer mobile dot com? that ' s all you ' re getting aw come on i know she ' s mean to you true love and she keeps threatening to upgrade you it ' s true love aw um yeah
355. login addresses i in the basket what have you bought? just three? well he said we ' ll start by doing two to three dresses for a hundred pounds and i said okay oh okay my computer is so loud it ' s so poorly it ' s probably at the end of its life oh no that ' s not good it is not i do think the fan ' s broken a bit doesn '
370. tones for the ringtone i ' m pretty sure 3g is like a network wireless yeah internet roaming thing where you pay like monthly you can get like 3g dongles that you put in your computer and that gives you the internet and you like top it up yeah i mean i can definitely get wi - fi on here it ' s i ' ve got it on here but need to enter in stuff
372. i don ' t see how you don ' t just lose things though do you? someone has to it ' s quite a lengthy process deleting something once you ' ve installed it on your computer well you actually delete uninstall updating dad did you did take it everything back didn ' t you a few weeks ago? you took it back it its factory settings? yes what did
373. there? yeah well w everything went didn ' t it? but we didn ' t have much on there anyway no thank goodness don ' t look at you of course look at you you wiped your computer how did you manage that? i pressed the wrong button i don ' t know so it must might be a bit too easily done now i said bring it down and let have a look at it yeah
381. ll never forget to be fair what she did was it wasn ' t h on her behalf but something happened to her computer right she just wrote a ten thousand word piece of work right? and the computer decided to close down and didn ' t save it so i saw her at the shop i saw her at the shop and she was just crying her eyes out i went what ' s happened? she was
383. was like no i was like oh my god been there and i went but i said if you switch that computer back on i said you think it hasn ' t saved it erm but but your computer ' s maybe backed it up anyway yep cos a lot of computers do and luckily what it had done is she ' d re er she ' d forgotten she ' d saved it like half way through
385. on cos i ' d saved it and the hard drive had deleted everything on it so hashtag so like it does happen though yeah but like we get told explicitly that if something happens to your computer yeah and you ' ve not saved it anywhere else you you have got not you haven ' t got a leg to stand on basically yeah cos it ' s like it ' s your own fault yeah
390. was still cold when i was out in the wind wasn ' t i? and we ' ve got photos what i don ' t think i ' ve coped them they must be on the old computer but eh there ' s photos where i ' m i ' m out taking photos of things there ' s photos from like framed by the car window where hannah ' s taking it of me from within the
391. yeah i didn ' t even mean it i didn ' t even know what i was doing so you might not but putting on my voice and complaining that i was erm funny with you about the computer and just being really kind of that ' s not that wasn ' t very nice that was quite mean doesn ' t mea doesn ' t mean you meant to be mean i understand that you didn '
403. and her friends they sort of er knew a little bit about boats but not really they ' d like done a bit of sailing on a reservoir and by the end of it they wwent on the computer and faked a boat licence on photoshop and rented a yacht sort of a big s like two million euro yacht just like sailed it in greece and it ' s like the sort of they didn '
412. i st i trained as a compositor oh did you? yeah i started off with an old - fashioned brass setting stick and lead type oh right oh right yeah and finished on an apple mac computer i remember i was in advertising for years and erm i i remember when everything changed from er typeset to erm to onto the computer and there was something called in the middle it it it it
413. oh right oh right yeah and finished on an apple mac computer i remember i was in advertising for years and erm i i remember when everything changed from er typeset to erm to onto the computer and there was something called in the middle it it it it was like film setting yeah and it was like a sort of embossed erm paper or cardboard oh yes newspaper? yeah er yeah curved
417. went i went to em very smart in black i went to these em i went to loads of shops i just cos i ' d been at work since like quarter to eight and then em my computer completely and utterly screwed up and eh and i just thought you know what i ' m here i can ' t actually do anything and the team in birmingham actually are struggling so let me let me go up
419. waiting for us to go out he taps on the window with his beak he even came indoors didn ' t he? yes he did and flew round and off found the door into the working on the computer and that flew right past our earholes like saying come on come out and feed me mm that ' s very playing with them and he he comes out and he sits if he sees us through the window
424. so i ' m obviously pressing the wrong buttons would you like to share that with? or not pressing the right ones do you want me to send that to? well no it ' s ' s computer you ' ve got to ask his permission well no you ' re logged in on yours do you mind if i send something from your computer on my log in on it it ' s it something that '
429. yeah okay those are all good so dad two and mum and you know the desk in ' s bedroom you can have that when he goes to uni which desk? that he ' s got his computer on it ' s like a chest of drawers isn ' t it? no it ' s a it ' s a desk like a proper working desk for sitting? computer desk it ' s not got room
432. erm yeah anything no no i can spend it on anything i like god just a great lottery it yeah mm oh deary deary me computers and once i was actually sitting in front of the computer at the time mm and erm he said and you have to press this start button or something and i said i can ' t find it now i can find the alphabet? which one do you want
434. s right you know cos you ' re rehearsing and you ' ll be doing the same bar for twenty minutes no it ' s just over and over mm i ' ll just bring my computer and i ' ll do my bits and bobs that bit of warrington is not yeah the all the classrooms are open oh cool is it in a school? it ' s in a school mm and er
435. and various locations yes i can imagine and erm he always solves them with some printer you know the techy on the level of like bringing up that little black box screen yeah and giving the computer commands manually yes to do stuff are you talking about a dos window? i guess so sounds like a no he ' s a but he ' s a programmer so he ' s a serious dude and he
437. that have already em best of albums hmm looks like they ' ve got solar panels i saw a guy with solar panels on his rucksack yesterday that ' s probably so that he can power his computer isn ' t it? you can get them though that you can take the out it ' s true i read about it in today ' s paper you can power up your laptop yes but not if it
439. did she call it now? anyway erm i managed to do it which i surprised myself oh mm and my computer skills are not brilliant oh well and erm well done yeah so er got my computer but i wish i knew more so that one ' s good now what ' s this one? about your move oh the pension service oh god you told us you moved from china please fill in the form
440. s all anyway they ' re there mm that ' s why i didn ' t give feedback i thought i ' m not wai i ' m not doing anything until it ' s in mm in the computer mm but it ' s erm you know a company that sells lots of software so i haven ' t i didn ' t wanna do it myself cos i thought mm i ' m not gonna you
442. one because er they had erm on er about it again this morning i saw yeah brief was i watching it when you came home? no i ' d turned it off no to start on the computer i must ' ve had it on for half an hour the first half an hour erm she ' s cool and she was talking about it and she says it ' s gonna take them four years to
445. i love them it will be alright oh it ' s so lovely out there i want to go outside it is lovely out there it ' s really nice today yeah i wonder if i can take the computer outside yeah it will overheat it would be good to get some sunshine you you need some vitamin d i ' ll work in here then in here or you can work out there if it works you
446. out mm but it might be just out out of range though oh that ' s alright we don ' t need to go on the internet oh i see it will be alright mm but like said the computer will probably overheat overheat? what in the sunshine? yeah our computer it ' s useless really? you go to hot country that ' s why it ' s always overheating we
447. we don ' t need to go on the internet oh i see it will be alright mm but like said the computer will probably overheat overheat? what in the sunshine? yeah our computer it ' s useless really? you go to hot country that ' s why it ' s always overheating we had to have a fan blowing on it we had to have a fan blowing on it
448. hot country that ' s why it ' s always overheating we had to have a fan blowing on it we had to have a fan blowing on it twenty - four seven time for a new computer just blowing right on it used to keep his on an ice pack yeah yeah i ' ve used ice before mm borrowed a big ice pack off us didn ' t he he did didn ' t he did
449. s got the same yeah but it ' s got the same equipment as a sony vaio vaio or whatever they call them mm we know lots of other people who have got the same type of computer theirs don ' t overheat we ' re just unlucky with fans mm you ' ve got no fans no oh that ' s a play on words maybe one he married you are you my
450. so and mostly he does keep on top of his and he likes to use his desk for work but doesn ' t sit at his desk even doesn ' t he? no he either uses the main computer in my little office office upstairs or well he uses ' s laptop which just sits on his bed or i dunno he just never seems like he ' s we bought him that desk oh to yeah specifically
452. then you spoon then you do the whisking then the whisk all the whisking mm good job you ' re here doyle what is wrong with your computer? doesn ' t your computer have a name? no oh it should we didn ' t sift our flour never mind oh no sift the flour and salt into a large bowl didn ' t so that i didn ' t put
456. scrabble with? online oh it was good i did play quite a bit of scrabble for like a while but then i just got bored who do you play against online? just a computer? erm or with other people like? no they just pair you with someone round the world really? yeah and you just play it yeah i think it was through facebook or something mm and you like
459. it ' s they ' re very easy to use the online dictionaries yeah mm i like them yeah i i think well perhaps i you are conversant yes er very much so with the computer or what it what you can get out of it mm it ' s mm well print one good thing is you can type in to the dictionary what word you ' re looking for and then it ' s
460. it could be the dictionary of management or something yeah like that they ' re just like mm variations according to the specialist area it ' s focussing on mm well one thing you are good with your computer aren ' t you? that ' s what i say he ' s very er adept to it you know well cos i don ' t suppose everybody is no it it ' s it ' s it
463. erm briefcase so blooming long so long that the pens that i have in it no longer work do i need to erm turn off the wi - fi now? no see this is the computer whizz that that ' s why i don ' t want you putting anything down about my computer proficiency yeah it ' s probably cos they ' d just laugh probably a little bit of a lie
464. do i need to erm turn off the wi - fi now? no see this is the computer whizz that that ' s why i don ' t want you putting anything down about my computer proficiency yeah it ' s probably cos they ' d just laugh probably a little bit of a lie i just have a basic knowledge of computer stuff programs zero seven zero well so i can go home a
467. you on plusnet or something? oh that? or? yeah yeah well that ' s bt yeah it ' s a subsidiary of bt well it might be s it might be to do with your computer though instead i i ' ve noticed a lot of people no everybody in the village they might all have old computers cos what i ' ve noticed is we used to always think that oh the internet '
468. the village they might all have old computers cos what i ' ve noticed is we used to always think that oh the internet ' s slow and everything and then phoning bt and then a new computer it just then you ' ve got your new i think that ' s the problem m the government ' s spending loads of money on fibre optic and everything and no one ' s noticing any differences but then
469. problem m the government ' s spending loads of money on fibre optic and everything and no one ' s noticing any differences but then probably the people who are complaining about it it might just be that their computer ' s not as new well that ' s the point i am not buying a c new computer till i ' m after i ' ve moved that ' s a very good idea i ' m not settled
470. s noticing any differences but then probably the people who are complaining about it it might just be that their computer ' s not as new well that ' s the point i am not buying a c new computer till i ' m after i ' ve moved that ' s a very good idea i ' m not settled yeah you can pop in for you you know for a cup of coffee if your mum ' s
471. got a um a scratch oh what do you call it? mixing? a scratch mixer i don ' t know ' s called something it ' s something like that and you can play music from the computer yeah and then it ' s got these turntables yeah and you don ' t have to have a um er record on them or anything and you but it ' s got fake record on it and
473. of things people would have mm particularly or that many companies well they were bigger sorts of things because you needed different sorts of stuff yeah cos we er our our ou system ran on one vax computer yeah mm oh used to do that and then we had four vax computers a b c and d did vax at i think it all linked in and then were they big cabig cabinets? did
474. computing something or other wasn ' t it? compu i can ' t think what it w the stuff that ' s engineers did but they went out fixing things yes and everything ' s got a computer in it these days hasn ' t it? yes whether they actually fix these things or even in the garage they clip the computer on now don ' t they? yes but i mean it depended it '
475. did but they went out fixing things yes and everything ' s got a computer in it these days hasn ' t it? yes whether they actually fix these things or even in the garage they clip the computer on now don ' t they? yes but i mean it depended it ' s like at they have their erm throw them about boys they have their thrown about boys and they have their sort of er
477. ##m most of them do are in to natural gas in australia now and they ' re very keen on that mm will find another but it ' s a very long time for her to still keep her computer you know? is it worrying for her? so she ' s got to work more she there ' s loads of oil in norway she could always move to norway mm i don ' t know what what
483. now i brought an adapter to put my p ipad to that screen why do you? what to that big that i i - pad? the i - pad i can now connect it to the computer mm mm computer oh oh well to the to that big screen that was there he has a big screen computer i thought it was a tv not a computer i actually thought it was a tv i was like
484. an adapter to put my p ipad to that screen why do you? what to that big that i i - pad? the i - pad i can now connect it to the computer mm mm computer oh oh well to the to that big screen that was there he has a big screen computer i thought it was a tv not a computer i actually thought it was a tv i was like ah but it
488. no can you phone back later please? and he was like no i am sean and you just in the end just go yeah i get your name ' s sean bye no i went bye was it computer? mm his name was sean and he was going what did he want to do then? he was probably going to tell me that i ' d got a problem on my computer we got one today dawn
489. went bye was it computer? mm his name was sean and he was going what did he want to do then? he was probably going to tell me that i ' d got a problem on my computer we got one today dawn got that today mm mm that wasn ' t a computer though it was a p p i? it was a real man mm mm yeah but that ' s what we were talking
490. did he want to do then? he was probably going to tell me that i ' d got a problem on my computer we got one today dawn got that today mm mm that wasn ' t a computer though it was a p p i? it was a real man mm mm yeah but that ' s what we were talking about it wasn ' t sean was it no they they were talking about computers mm
491. t say can you please hold or anything just stopped nattered to his friends and i went sorry i ' m going to have to go now and he went oh oh no it ' s about your computer and i was like well why did you turn around and talk to your friends? mm but how do they know about your computer? they they don ' t they just assume everybody they assume they do then
492. to go now and he went oh oh no it ' s about your computer and i was like well why did you turn around and talk to your friends? mm but how do they know about your computer? they they don ' t they just assume everybody they assume they do then they ask you to put then they ask you to go to your computer to put a code in and then they get all your
493. friends? mm but how do they know about your computer? they they don ' t they just assume everybody they assume they do then they ask you to put then they ask you to go to your computer to put a code in and then they get all your information well not not so much get all of you information what happen they send a virus it says right you ' ve got a blue screen now and
494. and on the blue screen it says x y and z and that ' s the background stuff that it ' s nothing wrong but then they tell you to do things then they do put something into your computer mm dodgy mm mm hmm so i know somebody who said yes okay when and made a belief that he ' d got his computer and then went along with it for a little bit of time and then
495. they tell you to do things then they do put something into your computer mm dodgy mm mm hmm so i know somebody who said yes okay when and made a belief that he ' d got his computer and then went along with it for a little bit of time and then at the end of it he says well i think you ' re an absolute because i don ' t have a computer that would be
498. one of the following pair of sonnets so where where are these following pairs of sonnets then? like which ones am i supposed to be using? cos it ' s not telling me my computer ' s shit one of the following right so then the next slide is this and that ' s just like ridiculous oh i hate this thing somebody ' s put on yik yak university ' s easy
499. so you just go oh i ' ll just have the m the new one yep mm those ipods though we ' ve never gone for the ipod have we no i ' ve always wanted a mac computer once but never gone for the ipod i i think cos everybody ' s usually break after a year exactly like on its birthday or something that ' s right oh is it? oh i ' ve had
501. round i won ' t have those sometimes it comes on on its own does it? yeah oh yeah what ' s looking at you? the camera the camera sometimes on your if you sit at your computer i just want to cover it up sometimes that camera is there in your face sometimes er the the light comes on and it ' s activated is it? just and there ' s sites you can go and
502. that camera is there in your face sometimes er the the light comes on and it ' s activated is it? just and there ' s sites you can go and you can get into anyone ' s computer and look through their webcam oh right oo that ' s good ain ' t it so we never have it pointing at us no? oh well i know that ' s scary isn ' t it
504. ? yeah hm i can ' t hear it so bad yeah today that sh noise i get it more if i i can hear the ring but but er it ' s on on the t on the computer i get it terrible yeah yeah mm that ' s cos these aliens are trying to get into your head well they call them aliens er it ' s the government really mm i think i ' ve got
505. lovely yes it really really is are you hoping to get rid of us soon no not hoping praying hm well on that note i ' m gonna go and do some work yeah i might borrow your other computer is that alright? of course you can you borrowed it yesterday and never did anything with it yesterday? you turned it on yesterday morning yesterday morning i wasn ' t here well the day before then oh yeah
506. yesterday and never did anything with it yesterday? you turned it on yesterday morning yesterday morning i wasn ' t here well the day before then oh yeah yeah er when i left i said oo your computer ' s still on and then went out galavanting sorry mm er not galavanting drinking wine and whisky i didn ' t have whisky yeah i just had wine he had whisky there you go then
510. ago so they were younger so they were much younger yeah they were younger and they didn ' t go to the funeral for that but erm and said he suddenly he sat down and just put the computer on his lap so in a way he shut shut them out shut them out really and said yeah mm whereas i just come in and just barge straight move the computer you know? group hug yeah really oh
511. he sat down and just put the computer on his lap so in a way he shut shut them out shut them out really and said yeah mm whereas i just come in and just barge straight move the computer you know? group hug yeah really oh but erm so so have they said much since the boys? well that night yeah so that night they went to bed i said to are you alright? he
512. so it ' s listed and this book comes out every six months but then there ' s a great big erm sheet of paper paper that you can print off and erm they print off the computer and it ' s also inside my drugs and basically when i went back to dr and he prescribed it he said i ' m just gonna have to check on these on this drug he said cos i
517. one and maybe the old one is now in the small room mm maybe cos thithis is the h this is the hd one we used to have a tv over there and that was the computer over there well first off there ' s nothing in this room first off the baby room was an office room with a computer that ' s where the computer was originally i hated that room hated it? i
521. like a teenage room instead of a monitor we just had a big tv and then we had like a keyboard and a mouse and that ' s how we played our computer games it was just one big computer thing and th and then eventually it moved there and now it ' s just kind of like all shoved into one compartment all the games stuff yeah it ' s cos i refuse to have them elsewhere just
523. ' t put a hard sh yeah disk you can ' t connect a hard disk to that no so erm ob erm obviously i mean this is just an extension to what i you know my computer yeah yeah i wouldn ' t use this as my main kind of dedevice but er no but even in terms of like what you can store on it you ' re even limited to a certain degree
524. i just can ' t handle this any more so heavy i know it ' s just a joke yeah i mean i had a really really heavy one i i ipad didn ' t get it on one computer bag to it got used to it though and this so slow now as well mm erm dropbox erm mm on over here mm oh cute photos pics mm mm mm no actually i ' ve
528. like cake that much oh don ' t you? oh i see she makes nice er sausage rolls that i eat okay now er come and see if you can give me a hand in er with the computer sure if you wouldn ' t mind it ' s just one of those little things has actually more or less showed me how to do this but i ' m not there ' s certain things i can '
529. something i had er all this stuff up here and all my passwords somebody said you can ' t do that you know anybody can come in and get them so i i put them all in the computer or something and then i lost them so i thought you know it ' s g if somebody comes and steals this it the whole thing will be such a disaster erm i just have to make sure nobody
530. t it? where do you wanna move it to? to the left here so d oh that ' s not to do with that that ' s just to do it like this erm although your computer ' s quite slow it ' s stuck on that erm if you just okay well i don ' t want to p fiddle with it if it ' s if there ' s er any problem it '
532. ' t i wouldn ' t know what day it was at all cos i don ' t well i never see see an er thing with the date on well i was oh there ' s a computer i suppose i was quite stuck the other day yeah cos i ' ve got this really cheap electric clock yeah you know the sort of thing you get for a fiver and i ' ve had it
533. is it yeah yeah and well all vauxhalls are made overseas yeah they are aren ' t they? mm yeah mm yeah well ' s been saying to give erm if you put your computer on cos she she ' s only got a dongle for her internet oh right yeah goes put it on a five o ' clock and i ' ll give you a call well she ' s she
538. does she do like to be big? just like posting like pretty photos and like i dunno had a lot of friends had friends with other people who had loads of friends ah where ' s my computer? what? my does myspace still exist? it ' s all still there isn ' t it? not no there there ' s a big scandal cos they deleted everything what? and everyone was like
543. were ofsted ' ed just before we moved schools and they came in and they ' d got a big push on using ict fine lesson i was interviewed in i was in a hut i had no computer in there that actually worked even there wasn ' t even a computer that worked and there was no white board so i thought well okay the only way i can get any sort of ict and maybe i '
545. and i said well tell me where i was going to find it because you know i didn ' t there was nothing in there that i could use what do you want me to do? buy a computer? what do you want me to do? yeah i you know their their their if we don ' t have facilities how are we supposed to use them? well that ' s a stupid thing to say
546. ' s about and erm it ' s sort of it ' s quite funny because it ' s quite old - fashioned like you know the way it all looks and stuff mm he goes on the computer and it ' s like this that was state - of - the - art then it was state - of - the - art then and the whole programme was probably really state - of - the - art
547. ##ages with the music and it ' s all very now it ' s kind of you recognise it but i think then it was all very creative wasn ' t it? anyway he he shows on the computer the how the skulls oh sorry erm the different skulls that they ' ve found at that time i don ' t know what it ' s like now if they ' ve found a lot mine but er
550. my room i ' m scared she ' s like dad were away and er like jumping in my room and i came into the room like i could hear it scurrying something under like the computer desk in her room and what were it? it were hamster nibbling on wire turn the light on and it were just sat there like like it fucking oh i like that book oh it gets faster
554. as we yeah drink our beer don ' t get ahead of ourselves got the phil spector christmas album my itunes doesn ' t work i ' ve it ' s driving me crazy no? my bloody computer kept won ' t read my my er external hard drive i don ' t know what ' s going on mm and cos they ' re all uploaded onto itunes yeah you you it has to be itunes
555. a er i got some gloves i got her a little shawl thing got a hat erm got her a wireless mouse cos she didn ' t she and a mouse mat i gotta get a computer case but they ' re a bloody hard to find yeah just a cheap shitty one just so it doesn ' t scratch you don ' t want a you know a hard one she don ' t want yeah
556. t it? yeah let ' s go on apple store i paid sixty quid for a mouse there well i didn ' t yeah? i didn ' t pay for it i when i bought my computer i got a sixty pound voucher and i had a look round the shop there was nothing i wanted apart from i needed a mouse so i bas just gave the voucher for that but sixty quid
563. that hides down there you ' ve got to have one of those that goes in right and i said right okay and he put one on switched you know all the yeah all there adjusted it with the computer and he said how ' s that sound? and i said bloody awful i said i can hear all sorts of things yeah i said what ' s that bloody row? he said that ' s the fan
568. his laptop just some dude with a laptop you know? yeah and it didn ' t cost me that much and er all it was was a wire that wasn ' t earthing properly it was the computer and anyway in that time i didn ' t the car was off the road i mean so you know having it checked and everything you know i mean it was playing up again and it was off here oh
572. true yeah well it ' s like these words did exist prior to computing you know i wish i could defenestrate or uninstall windows out of the window you cou chuck your computer out the window yeah it would be fun i mean like so erm but that ' s still yeah iinaccurate cos to do yeah internet yeah no so it ' s kind of still yeah
574. ? no oh c cos i left money on the table yeah but you know she must be very happy with that because for doing that you know what i mean? yeah oh shall we check your computer and the ironing i ' ve checked it oh okay can you erm just hold this? while i i ' ll do it quietly okay oh you if you use that one you can ' t flush
580. it? oh my goodness but my sim car my smart card that ' s in my phone has got twenty - eight gigs free twenty - eight gigabytes? wow that ' s mm more my computer cos i got a thirty - two gig card in here wow right well that cost a fortune that did no that nine pound what? for for a little old well well you ca y if you try
581. two gig card in here wow right well that cost a fortune that did no that nine pound what? for for a little old well well you ca y if you try and get them for for a computer they ' re a lot more expensive nine pound for my phone oh how do you manage that? tesco ' s just go to tesco ' s oh gosh better get a phone dunno te
582. ' t think so no no i didn ' t know you had any you could go that way so i missed it like that cos you can ' t turn it round no so on on the computer that ' s like that you see and yyou have i i got a programme where you can turn it round but you have to turn the individual frames around what every single frame? every single frame you
586. and oh oh i ' m sorry oh i forgot to buy a bottle of wine all i got to play around to er with today was a pen and paper oh that ' s no fun and a computer i was gonna say it ' s really a computer er oh there it is inside the box oh i ' ve been playing around with spreadsheets quite fun really? yeah i like a spreadsheet
587. to buy a bottle of wine all i got to play around to er with today was a pen and paper oh that ' s no fun and a computer i was gonna say it ' s really a computer er oh there it is inside the box oh i ' ve been playing around with spreadsheets quite fun really? yeah i like a spreadsheet i ' m seeing if it can still pick our
590. made this and you pressed enter or whatever to start the code it would just keep reproducing? mm you could yeah okay cool that would be a fork bomb and it would eventually kill your computer it would be a fork bomb? yes a process forks into two two more oh and then again and again again and then it uses up memory until the computer just crashes okay i also wanted er s s
591. fork bomb and it would eventually kill your computer it would be a fork bomb? yes a process forks into two two more oh and then again and again again and then it uses up memory until the computer just crashes okay i also wanted er s s sorry tell him i was g i was wondering if after supper can show us one of these pictures that ' s a programming language a program mm language thing oh
592. ve implemented safety for that yeah and after that erm the server was so slow that you couldn ' t get any more than thirty million when yeah you were doing python last year but everyone ' s computer was i mean computer just say sucks over and over and over and over again so it ' s good that you use and that is like the most basic program ever you you use new technology to still be
593. that yeah and after that erm the server was so slow that you couldn ' t get any more than thirty million when yeah you were doing python last year but everyone ' s computer was i mean computer just say sucks over and over and over and over again so it ' s good that you use and that is like the most basic program ever you you use new technology to still be rude to one another
599. s contract for fifteen quid wow which is just incredible isn ' t it? yeah yeah and uh oh there is hang on it ' s uh yes it ' s less than i pay for my computer yeah and a free phone and stuff yeah and uh when she went she said spent it all she said oh could you tell them what ' s wrong with the old phone and this bloke looked at
600. stone that i ' ve put back on alright no we ' ll add that anyway so no cos this is we ' ll just discard that yeah we ' ll probably just throw that away the computer ' s just going really slow you see cos that colour as well yeah they ' re nice like she ' s got the heels and that and then you ' ve got a nice top and what have
601. too zoomed in for erm looks alright let me just see it might be google so i just if i put in asos on try this other search engine if not i ' ll shut the computer down and start again oh look there ' s a bit of me there looks like ' s got blond extensions on his i was gonna say yeah be on his beard right i ' m going to quit fire
602. it ' s not me either but it was running okay yeah it was and then it stopped now it ' s gone wonky donkey again but then if you think years ago you ' d put the computer on and it used to be de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de yeah while it was actually getting going de de de de de de de de while it was
603. a big war and infrastructure gets zapped then it ' ll all pack up i doubt if it ' s working in the ukraine at the minute plus the ukraine i mean you can you ' re your computer you at a guess they could easily design computers that run off battery actually well they do don ' t they? laptops sorry but you need power to charge them huh? you need power to charge them
604. would be it would be yeah yeah cos everything would stop nothing would be able to work cos it has to be everything there ' s one of the thing that can wipe out just about every computer in the world and that ' s the sun well there ' s the what is it they taught us in the army? there ' s electromagnetic force there ' s sun spots emf yeah which comes from
606. and what they do is look for key words around yeah key words if they look at we we have a programme well we ' ve probably told you about this we had a programme on our first ibm computer right? and we could talk and it was voice recognition and everything and we talked into it didn ' t we? mm we talked into it and it prints out and then it printed out what we said
607. like jack and the beanstalk yeah jack and the beanstalk and it was the same kind of thing and it came out the same thing oh right well there we are mm and this was an ibm computer so you know nowadays we ' d have had the fbi round here with guns and what have you because they ' d thought we ' d have said something wrong yeah obviously it ' s more sophisticated now well
612. bigger right and just take as much as you like i mean i know these dishes aren ' t brilliantly big but you can always have seconds ah oh yes i ' m not gonna argue with my computer but i ' ve got a message please do not power off or unplug your machine installing update seven of twelve oh now since this is not connected to the internet and there ' s well it hasn
613. haven ' t got cos i ' ve got a router ah yeah oh we i don ' t think i ' ve told you any of this story but we had great dramas with ' s computer mm oh i did tell you? you did yeah okay yeah is it now fixed? mm mm but as you say things like that always happen at a point of maximum inconvenience when you really
614. road is is being reduced yeah yeah cos it really you know i don ' t think it ' s my imagination and ah i don ' t know i ' m sure one could mod ah my computer what? no no no the screen just went blank sorry but it ' s still it ' s still loading to update seven of twelve oh total nonsense mm mm as i ' m sure people who study traffic
615. had my eyes on it in the beginning it would have said microsoft update or whatever mm but you know if you said good night go to bed as it were you don ' t then stare at your computer screen usually you just er yeah er so i said you know go to bed and then glanced at it a couple of minutes later and it was and you hadn ' t installing updates ever clicked on it to
617. ' s a real hassle getting getting to it storing what? well storing the the cookies and all of the other stuff well cos yeah with google chrome you have to delete it from the computer and then you delete it from the google chrome site as well you have to delete it twice it ' s really weird yeah but it ' s bizarre the way they do it and i don '
619. to grow them up aggressive t in order to export the violence mm i don ' t know about it you see i think that all boils down to tv and games and stuff as well well my computer has just over - heated what just like that? yeah it ' s my lovely fire that did that we ' ll have to put it in the other room yeah yeah but we didn ' t have any
620. sort of try when i try and follow the path try and access it yeah it er it gives me it ' s r it rather becomes um er like a er it rather becomes like a um a computer in other words you er you seem er it takes you onto the internet you seem to be looking you seem to be looking at an e - mail yeah it takes you through to your account and it it
622. here no i ' ll text her now can you text her now cos i mean by the time she gets back to you what ' s that for? i ' d like to use my own computer this is a recorder oh it ' s for me not for anything else oh hobby horse there but but this is this is weird this is guess this is ' s overspill perhaps they might keep the
623. t a fucking chance there well we ' ve got the tv working now so give it go find this teletext i mean if i had yeah the wi - fi working i can use my own computer and that would be much better calm down get er if you it ' s because you tell him off that he barks at you to shut up if you just bloody ignored him he barked earlier at me
625. three books three books yeah three three lots of books to do three businesses mm that ' s right yeah we were thinking if we do freelance stuff you have to to claim well we could claim on the computer and stuff like that couldn ' t we? yeah yeah well yeah you claim for the tax because it ' s a necessity yeah if you become self employed you claim for everything your shoes mm your work clothes
626. then for the first year you can claim forty percent of it and then from then onwards it ' s twenty - five percent of of what ' s left that go down forty percent of? of your computer what the total cost? yeah no the ta the forty percent of the tax or forty percent of the total cost? the tax forty percent of the total cost isn ' t it no well it comes down
627. forget about the tax net at the moment mm because s supposing you set up a business erm teaching english privately yeah yeah right and and doing your other bits then you ' d buy a computer cos you need the computer right yeah for the first year you can claim you can put it down as forty percent capital expenses to come off your what you ' ve earnt that ' s unta
628. the moment mm because s supposing you set up a business erm teaching english privately yeah yeah right and and doing your other bits then you ' d buy a computer cos you need the computer right yeah for the first year you can claim you can put it down as forty percent capital expenses to come off your what you ' ve earnt that ' s untaxable? yeah forty percent
629. the first year you can claim you can put it down as forty percent capital expenses to come off your what you ' ve earnt that ' s untaxable? yeah forty percent of the computer is not taxed it ' s not yeah it ' s nothing to do with tax isn ' t it sorry sorry you know she know more than me sorry what they actually give you money for a computer
630. is not taxed it ' s not yeah it ' s nothing to do with tax isn ' t it sorry sorry you know she know more than me sorry what they actually give you money for a computer? suppose you earnt they give you money free for a computer if you write to them and say i need a computer they give you the money? no no they don ' t give you any money
633. need a computer they give you the money? no no they don ' t give you any money that ' s you we for you to do that ' s your allowance you you decide you want the computer yeah so you buy a computer and put it down as capital expenses well yeah mm so supposing you earnt i don ' t know a hundred pound a week mhm right and you ' ve
634. the money? no no they don ' t give you any money that ' s you we for you to do that ' s your allowance you you decide you want the computer yeah so you buy a computer and put it down as capital expenses well yeah mm so supposing you earnt i don ' t know a hundred pound a week mhm right and you ' ve also got the c computer expense
635. computer and put it down as capital expenses well yeah mm so supposing you earnt i don ' t know a hundred pound a week mhm right and you ' ve also got the c computer expense which you can go forty percent of the three hundred pound four hundred pound cost you take forty percent that ' s also deducted off your earnings mm so now you ' re earning whatever it ' s
636. percent that ' s also deducted off your earnings mm so now you ' re earning whatever it ' s just just one of those things and it you get it paid for in no time really your computer get paid for by expenses to this is why pe it doesn ' t get paid for who pays for my computer? you you do oh you have to pay f i thought you were selling me this this
637. just one of those things and it you get it paid for in no time really your computer get paid for by expenses to this is why pe it doesn ' t get paid for who pays for my computer? you you do oh you have to pay f i thought you were selling me this this this great way free money oh no no you you do it but but every time you you spend mm it '
638. and if you if you er are registered vat you don ' t pay any vat you get vat back on your petrol on everything you buy you get the vat back mm so the computer you get you pay the vat but you get it back afterwards yeah you get twenty - five percent or twenty percent back on your computer anyway so the government give you the vat back? yeah mm
639. everything you buy you get the vat back mm so the computer you get you pay the vat but you get it back afterwards yeah you get twenty - five percent or twenty percent back on your computer anyway so the government give you the vat back? yeah mm they send you a check mm i used to be really good at numbers and figures and i ' m just been useless lately but they they
641. we made crackers and you brought your cracker stuff with you mm mm i didn ' t bring anything with me this time though except from your laptop and your oh yeah i will look on my computer erm you might have brought something else but that ' s probably all you ' ve brought and you might have clothes because then i might do yeah in your suitcase erm we could last time or one
653. tell you after we ' ve done it just to see if it works zero six oh hang on i ' ve gotta get back on amazon have i? yeah just let me type that in first this computer is working infinitely better good is that correct? right zero six zero six yeah zero two five yeah three seven nine nine zero no oh 0 seven zero six zero two five sorry it was picking up another number
655. family that ' s not necessarily a bad thing my mum ' s the most the most tech savvy of them all how ' s that? and she and she couldn ' t even open my computer she ' s alright on her mobile phone though yeah she knows everything on that she showed me something actually which is quite good what has she shown you? that when you type a message on my samsung ip
658. see i ' m i ' m a bit frightened i was talking to you about this the other day yeah what i need i ' ve got the erm i ' ve got on on ' s computer yeah i ' ve i ' ve loaded on the mind your own business program yeah the accounting program i ' ve got a backup i ' ve got got i ' ve backed up from the pink computer which
660. it ' s not reinstall it begins with an r whatever it is yeah i ' ve done that and that ' s gone in and i it ' s now going but on the ' s computer but i now need an xp erm version of the epson driver for my printer oh i see yeah cos i can ' t print from it no at the minute but i ' m worried about
661. cos i can ' t print from it no at the minute but i ' m worried about i ' ve got er i the only one going on the internet is the windows seven yeah the new computer and when i go onto the epson site and the pr and the er the it is there to download yeah it says we have found your computer is windows seven twenty - four no sixty - four bit
662. on the internet is the windows seven yeah the new computer and when i go onto the epson site and the pr and the er the it is there to download yeah it says we have found your computer is windows seven twenty - four no sixty - four bit or something like that mm i don ' t know how do i find out what ' s is in bits? i think you ' re probably sixteen
663. mm it ' s on the will it come up on the properties for the? it should come up on the properties on okay when you press the compu er the c there ' s a little computer mm mm er logo or whatever you call mm icon on the on the mm on the worktop or workben mm or whatever you call it the worktop mm mm you pyou press right hand press
667. in time and just find the original paper that ' s where it was oh oh oh oh how did you lose it? i have no idea if they think like a friend of us looked at the computer and he just thinks that there might have just been a glitch so i saved everything like on my hard drive and then on an external hard drive yeah yeah and i was dragging and dropping it but
672. put like a stone in that ' s cos it kind of disperses slightly but everything i ever cook in there can gets bottom burnt it burns at the bottom so glad that wasn ' t my computer something so funny i dropped the book what is it? the punch line from childhood what? it ' s true i know it ' s nice enjoy the book the bit one was the best one was that
679. oh okay and you kind of hot - desking is when you can go round on other people ' s and some of them would lock their computers overnight knowing that you ' d have to turn their computer off and and it and it just it did make the whole process very kind of tut yeah hm so there was a lot of cliquey stuff like that and um what a shame a football desk
681. books now yeah and also all of your interpersonal relationships are based on like conversation yeah head phones hello yeah yeah but you read all your communication facebook and all your definitely yeah but you can put your computer into mode where they read it to you yeah you ' re good we haven ' t got anything for you yeah you can and you ' ve got to remember ' s going to live on his own for
682. one set of instructions yes and then when he actually came to it he said something completely different yes it ' s intuitive it ' s it ' s like him trying to teach me how to use the computer instead of sticking yes to the basics trying being the operative word instead of sticking to the basics only the things i need to know he starts saying um and then if you want to do this you press this
686. you keep hold of this and keep talking? yeah press the start singing yeah go on then let ' s hear a song yes yes oh baby yes very good i remember yes what was wrong with that computer? wasn ' t the sound card naff? it was there was there was just erm compared to to technology today was erm antiquated yeah do you remember the first the first computer i
687. computer? wasn ' t the sound card naff? it was there was there was just erm compared to to technology today was erm antiquated yeah do you remember the first the first computer i remember we had was amstrad i dunno it was like a monochrome box tv yyeah it was amstrad and i swear it ran ms dos yes it did and we '
689. ve got one but you ' ve got to put it in on the midi the notes and then it will put it ' ll write it oh i see yeah so once you put the note in the computer then will write it yeah i don ' t really want to do that i just want just put must be some way of converting the keyboard into notes yeah mustn ' t there? there must be yeah
690. ll ask if if you ' ve got if he can copy you ' ve got a i think will have a way probably you ' ve got a a virus stopper ain ' t you on your computer? yeah but i still don ' t like and i try and avoid it i ' ll well i ' ve had so much trouble haven ' t i really wi not with viruses but it going wrong i
691. you you could get back to she was a legal secretary yeah before she married yeah and that ' s just audio yeah you know typing typing but she sa i can ' t can ' t do the computer and yeah no but you can because the keyboard ' s the same you you you could if that if you were just y inputting stuff yeah it i could show you how to do that in a day
692. player just to make sure it works and put this away yeah so so you can charge your your mp player via this as well you don ' t need to i mean you can do it on your computer obviously does that have oh does that work for both of them? it works for a plug socket yeah just anything that ' s a samsung device will use the same connector alright do you wanna grab an mp3
693. dad so if you don ' t have internet and your internet goes down you can ' t use your printer? if we don ' t buy a cable for it you can buy a cheap printer to computer cable but they don ' t tend to come with them anymore oh right erm so this will work with wireless but yeah when if the internet were to go down then we couldn ' t print yeah i
700. all these all these jokes and stuff do the rounds don ' t they oh yeah is your dad still on on er the internet? can he get it? yeah but he never uses it though his computer ' s not very good is it no but he goes on his erm he ' s got it on his phone now he does use it yeah but i don ' t know it ' s like a
708. number blah blah blah they knew all of that so so then i thought oh well carry on talking to you and see what you want at least erm and then they were like oh well put your computer on so i was like yeah okay it ' s turning on and they were like is it on yet? and this was my old laptop so i was like no it ' s gonna take ages if you
710. wow so i was like okay i ' ve gotta go erm but but then i looked up on talktalk website afterwards yeah and it is a scam like totally they they er remote control your computer then yeah erm cos if you ' ve got a certcertain version of windows on your s oh my god that ' s really bad they managed to hack into talktalk ' s accounts
712. on in on my rounds mm and i saw all this er television stuff and lots of bits and pieces computers bbc computers you remember bbc commodores? mm or something like that? yeah yeah the bbc computer anyway and i phoned i didn ' t phone the police i went round and saw a policeman friend of ours mm mm who lives at the back here he lived up the back oh yeah the one you
713. ' t they? school passwords in them yeah they got these school passwords in em no one got away with it anyway no one got away with it yeah either couldn ' t get into the computer or mm and do you know the only thing they got em with was they had the school pencils left oh right they ' d sold everything else but the school pencils well they got rid of well
721. but they do they do all slow slow it down don ' t they? oh that ' s yeah cos it has to check everything that ' s checking everything all the time cos our our computer ' s left on all the time and there ' s a a enormous amount of people or not an enormous amount but a lot of people try to break into your computer do they? the norton block them
722. the time cos our our computer ' s left on all the time and there ' s a a enormous amount of people or not an enormous amount but a lot of people try to break into your computer do they? the norton block them oh and last month they blocked three people trying to get into the and they came from google funnily enough yeah it ' s funny innit if i ah but
724. me that would be done no i am look this you ' ve got till the end of this week okay friday well i probably can because i shall be checking yeah i shall put a cookie on your computer it ' ll come up you like doing this perhaps you ' d like doing this cos you like doing this try this you like spending money so perhaps you ' d like to have some back yes you
727. re off the pills now you ' re fine you told me yeah yeah you did you haven ' t been that why you haven ' t been having a stressful time well i always do with the computer cos things get the one thing that frightening me now you ' re you ' re not stressed you ' ve got a new computer in your life i have a new computer yes your life isn ' t
728. t been having a stressful time well i always do with the computer cos things get the one thing that frightening me now you ' re you ' re not stressed you ' ve got a new computer in your life i have a new computer yes your life isn ' t stressful is it? pardon? is it? my life isn ' t but technology stresses me if i could just bin the whole
729. i always do with the computer cos things get the one thing that frightening me now you ' re you ' re not stressed you ' ve got a new computer in your life i have a new computer yes your life isn ' t stressful is it? pardon? is it? my life isn ' t but technology stresses me if i could just bin the whole lot and just do it with brushes and
731. well how many copy backups do you need? people only have one back up the i the external drive is my drive it ' s not on the computer i don ' t keep anything one the computer why not? i ' m jolly lucky cos if it had been all on the computer i would have nothing now no you have it all on the computer and you back it up on your drive that
736. your computer onto your hard drive well that ' s not the way i had it and it ' s a good job i didn ' t because said dad do you want to hold your stuff off the computer and cos the one that ' s all locked up in safe mode you can ' t do anything to it didn ' t have my documents on so i could just unplug it and put it
744. up you hardly ever sitting down no so then you think i can have that slide of cake in the kitchen cos i ' m on my feet moving around all day but when you sat at a computer it ' s actually like you really need many calories so i just yeah out of interest wanted to check and see that i thought oh what a strike that was he ' s amazing that fella yo
746. at you know when er it ' s after rush hour and all that sort of thing you know exactly exactly well come and sit here at the erm in here and i ' ll just switch the computer off if you take a seat there a moment yeah yeah lovely okay and erm yeah we ' ll sit sit down there okay when when does the interview start then? yes erm now we have ways
747. see your bell close but from there yyou ' re trying to work out oh that ' s awful yeah i can ' t do it i have to wear my reading glasses when i ' m doing computer because i can ' t keep doing this all the time i just hope these people haven ' t paid for us cos it ' s fifty pound for six people yeah fifty pounds? fifty pounds for?
750. well don ' t they? yeah they do yeah i ' m not hundred percent sure that that counts because the the tv licence wording says that you ' re not allowed to watch anything on your computer which is sh been showing live on tv right? oh i see and like the streaming isn ' t on the tv no it isn ' t this is the other thing i was thinking if i bought myself
753. that might be just the scratch that ' s the scratch thing i honestly can ' t remember what the password is we need to perhaps put it on a post it note and we keep it on the computer it ' s annoying though isn ' t it? sometimes if you don ' t use minecraft regularly it kind of logs you out basically which erm which means you have to re - enter it but
756. to do have they? i dunno we ' re all a bit bored really so monday i went to and er did a presentation in mm which w didn ' t work very well cos the computer didn ' t work very well but we got it going the second time and then he left then he then he left his computer i left my computer at but someone had to bring it back again tuesday i
758. w didn ' t work very well cos the computer didn ' t work very well but we got it going the second time and then he left then he then he left his computer i left my computer at but someone had to bring it back again tuesday i went to and today ' s here mm is it nice? yeah it ' s alright alright good when when is late night shopping? i expect it
760. i i know that unless i keep my routine well i wouldn ' t sleep i i ' m awake later at night now than i ever used to when i was working mm mm yeah and that dell computer that ' s what keeps me awake on the computer my laptop and and they say the blue light from emitted from er screens is erm prevents sleep really? yeah so they say you shouldn ' t watch
761. i wouldn ' t sleep i i ' m awake later at night now than i ever used to when i was working mm mm yeah and that dell computer that ' s what keeps me awake on the computer my laptop and and they say the blue light from emitted from er screens is erm prevents sleep really? yeah so they say you shouldn ' t watch tv which i do and you shouldn ' t use
763. we hung out do you remember that conversation? yeah yeah yeah do you have a disk drive here? they ' re both very good oh we don ' t have a disk drive you do what? computer oh you bought them i ' ve got well no i ' ve got them on cd but dvds why do you have? what do you mean? why did you have them on cd? cos they
765. rights but it ' s just accelerating isn ' t it in its importance in your life and mm but it does need some regulation really doesn ' t it? badly er this website ' s rubbish your computer ' s rubbish no it ' s not it is it ' s really it ' s got worse somehow er i dunno just people aren ' t selling what you want to buy that ' s all mm
774. yeah i dunno i just i d whereas i ' d like to be frivolous i ' d like to be frivolous and just buy like a really nice camera or a really nice computer yeah i know for myself and and then just worry about it later but i just d i always feel that i need to watch what i spend and stuff yeah don ' t know but erm i mean
777. one person with whom you you you twins triplets uh no person with whom you are in a relationship oh a long distance relationship um polygamy yes um the the the thing you do at a computer when you wish to input data type yes the place where stop oh got five nice nice five bastards did i pass? i don ' t think i did no you get five out of five nice yes five
779. think they have both erm both him and his brother have all the different venues together i get the feeling the national chain yeah didn ' t they just meet because she used to go in with her computer and he started talking to her? mm mm well it was about two or three years ago when you remember when the when there was loads and loads of snow? mm well she was on her was to
780. in the winter yeah? now he ' s doing spring so he went? for this spring oh you ' re having a break yeah? and it was like snowing oh wow where ' s the computer then? there is a computer somewhere about did you get a computer? mm mm do you know about these things? let them guess it ' s not there you know okay you can help yourself oh okay
781. he ' s doing spring so he went? for this spring oh you ' re having a break yeah? and it was like snowing oh wow where ' s the computer then? there is a computer somewhere about did you get a computer? mm mm do you know about these things? let them guess it ' s not there you know okay you can help yourself oh okay okay? thank you yummy
782. went? for this spring oh you ' re having a break yeah? and it was like snowing oh wow where ' s the computer then? there is a computer somewhere about did you get a computer? mm mm do you know about these things? let them guess it ' s not there you know okay you can help yourself oh okay okay? thank you yummy yummy yummy i have pizza
783. their following said woman having said that i mean er i guess you could have e stalking they could be constantly sending them messages which would involve confiscate yeah confiscating a laptop or computer well no it wouldn ' t it would just involve contacting the site administrators mm and getting access to their account yeah true erm i find it well it it ' s like the last episode of morse
784. of dossier something like forty pages all about but that ' s how er bad the it services are there i arrived on the monday and on wednesday afternoon i got my log - in details for the computer oh and er a few saturdays after having left i could still log into my emails oh really? i had a dot gov dot uk email i was really proud of it was dot at dot government you oh
786. becomes the start of a country so the world what? is it online? well you can play er multiplayer online if you like can you play that with your friend and then everyone else is like a computer? you can oh that ' s clever but you can have as many players as you want so you can have just the two of you if you want could we have like say like let ' s say
789. stolen i was gonna f look for some straighteners but then they then they these old straighteners mm so i don ' t need to save up for straighteners any more i was worried about my computer and stuff which was in my room which would ' ve saved me a long time yeah yeah yeah taken your what? cos it ' s taken me long enough to get thirty - five quid i
790. my room which would ' ve saved me a long time yeah yeah yeah taken your what? cos it ' s taken me long enough to get thirty - five quid i was worried about my computer and stuff in my room yeah oh yeah i shouldn ' t ' ve left it in the kitchen really just before christmas mum got like a hundred pound boots card and so we went today she was like i
791. funny woman cos like i really i don ' t you you wonder why she ' s doing it and i and i do wonder sometimes and what a bonkers thing to do to take them a computer and so they could work the computer she had to buy a generator so that they had electricity to run the computer oh and they haven ' t got fresh water they spend a lot of money oh putting wells
793. and i do wonder sometimes and what a bonkers thing to do to take them a computer and so they could work the computer she had to buy a generator so that they had electricity to run the computer oh and they haven ' t got fresh water they spend a lot of money oh putting wells in for them oh yeah you know and now they ' re going to see wha or the whole world has
794. ' t get a puncture on the way so that and that was good and then you ' ve got to get off and push it all the way shoes were fine they ' re fine but a computer? yeah bring them up to date i ' m taking them a computer but they can ' t er she was gonna fix it but yeah mm and it ' s all got to go via mobile phone co
795. good and then you ' ve got to get off and push it all the way shoes were fine they ' re fine but a computer? yeah bring them up to date i ' m taking them a computer but they can ' t er she was gonna fix it but yeah mm and it ' s all got to go via mobile phone cos there ' s no you know it ' s the only way you
797. them for a quid oh my a quid? yeah there ' s a nice pair of raeburns sitting up there then mate i ' m just saying yeah you want some books underneath my computer desk behind the behind the chair do you read a lot? i used to i haven ' t seen you read a book you are so illiterate i did look down and think where have all those
798. ten uhu then oh i had that silly meeting for about tw twenty seconds where they came to inspect the mm desk what did they say? they said oh right so you ' ve moved the computer there right i think they ' re gonna write that in their health and safety report that they ' ve that the computer has been moved out of harm ' s way yeah so yes oh she just wanted to
799. desk what did they say? they said oh right so you ' ve moved the computer there right i think they ' re gonna write that in their health and safety report that they ' ve that the computer has been moved out of harm ' s way yeah so yes oh she just wanted to see that you know i didn ' t trip over anything mm that ' s that ' s her job mm mm that
806. account you ' re the one who doesn ' t doesn ' t matter all you ' ve gotta do is go their website you go and type you type in the tag which is on every dell laptop computer the tag that ' s on the bottom? yeah there ' ll be a dell service tag you just type that in and it ' ll tell you all about it when it was bought okay okay alright i
807. my friend yummy he just said i ' m done yummy mm mm sorry? he just said i ' m done for i can ' t do anything about it no i mean just before your computer broke what have you been doing today? erm i ' ve just been talking to my friend really playing left 4 dead with did they enjoy their sleepover? mm cos er wasn ' t going
810. love him the erm he hates watching me use the computer cos i faff faff about and ramble around on it right he doesn ' t like use the mouse i once had a computer that i could use more or less at er at you should just have one each it ' s not really an issue now it ' s er you know i i can have an hour in between the i
811. the moment all of us well i i don ' t know i suppose does he use it? no he doesn ' t i didiscussed it with him i said what about dad ' s computer he said do you want it? mm also that blue one that i was using i mean if you just want a word processor the blue one? do you remember the blue one? did i have the
812. ? do you remember the blue one? did i have the blue one last time? i ' m not sure about the blue one i did have the blue one last time i had this little blue computer that was basically like virtually no specs whatsoever but it was nanatty little thing and it has it ' s really thin and light and it ' s ideal for kind of but yeah you should just get
818. now erm i mean i ' ve got there ' s like free erm avg security er thing and what have you on it so you would think if there w is a it it the computer ' s under attack or anything it should pick something up so there ' s no signs of anything like that going on but i think it ' s just a glitch in one of these programmes that
819. ' t like the s look of that what ' s come down there file task and i ' m gonna get those chips in cos they take half an hour uhu got multiple problems with your computer yeah and it says you ' ve got loads of security problems that doesn ' t sound good does it? it ' s probably you er erm disabling all those updates or something maybe it '
820. the national rail walk through get to a seat plop herself down and i looked at her and she looked at me and as she looked forward and she kind of spun aw and she looked at her computer and just went dooosh and smacked her head on the desk and passed out and everyone just looked around i was like fuck and i was screaming to our manager and he was like i was like ko '
822. not working i need to buy like a dongle or something is it still not working? yeah no oh the the thing is it wor it doesn ' t work for the computer for the windows computer yeah doesn ' t it? but it works for the mac okay it doesn ' t like it ' s it ' s just it it doesn ' t like windows no it ' s just specifically the er
823. t it? but it works for the mac okay it doesn ' t like it ' s it ' s just it it doesn ' t like windows no it ' s just specifically the erm that computer there ' s something wrong with it oh i see i don ' t know what it is damn oh well so you can ' t do any work? well i can but i i ' d have to
824. you were saying about like accessing it online the the school thing? yeah yeah you can do that i don ' t know if it worked cos i tried to do it with erm another computer that has an old er i tried to do it with my other with the laptop that we have yeah and because the laptop that we have it ' s windows but it doesn ' t have like the most
826. old school now yeah you look better in dispenser now yeah because i was i was taught the old school way yeah and then they changed it so that now people are learning stuff on the computer but then they ' re never actually doing the practice so no one ' s any good like not jobs but they ' re not thrown in up at the deep end okay? mm and so she ' s
828. ##nacs are just strange there was the time where we walked into the common room and found someone had covered the entire whiteboard with dragon poems it ' s just the kind of thing that happens my computer thing the computer thing i go to on saturdays we walked into one of the other rooms and there was a whiteboard in there and they had entirely filled it up with meme things as in oh dear
829. just strange there was the time where we walked into the common room and found someone had covered the entire whiteboard with dragon poems it ' s just the kind of thing that happens my computer thing the computer thing i go to on saturdays we walked into one of the other rooms and there was a whiteboard in there and they had entirely filled it up with meme things as in oh dear you had pep
838. oh yeah well all you need to do to be able to print it is you ' ve got two options one is email it to yourself that ' s easy and then you print it off from another computer the other one is if you get one of these it ' s something called itunes file sharing but i ' d be able to show you all that i think you would further down the line but are you
839. ' t it? sixties oh is it? sixty? yeah no oh okay cos i was i watched one the other night when i came home when i was about to when i was trying the computer out and i thought oh i ' ll watch that yeah and it was a six nineteen sixty - one which you know a starter? oh this ' ll be oh this is the most magical soup i can
840. rang up and i was like erm i hate to tell you but i think i ' m in a bit of debt yeah and she was like oh it ' s a just a fault with the computer it ' s fine er yeah i had the same thing as well i need to register i do as well it takes five minutes does it no but i remember last year when everyone was getting their loan i
841. it ' s just that ' s it ' s another world to me oh you ' ve not been on ebay? i joined in order to buy when i was flying to buy a a navigation computer because i couldn ' t really afford to buy a new one erm and i and somebody said well i could have afforded to buy a new one but someone said why don ' t you go online because
846. cd or without anything else if that makes sense yeah so it ' s got i ' ve lost space but i ' ve got the image so yeah and i can back up another image of what my computer is now to like a hard drive or something which i may well do but i haven ' t actually done it yet i don ' t know if this image is actually like a a zipped kind of
848. don ' t they? you can still use dos now how many people do you think use ms - dos to load a game up? well wwe i used to do that with dad ' s ancient computer like the first computer we got it was like on the that green one? elevator? massive box monochrome screen yeah so just black and green and that was just dos yeah and we i played prince of
849. ? you can still use dos now how many people do you think use ms - dos to load a game up? well wwe i used to do that with dad ' s ancient computer like the first computer we got it was like on the that green one? elevator? massive box monochrome screen yeah so just black and green and that was just dos yeah and we i played prince of persia on that mm
852. ? be careful sorry what are you doing? what ' s wrong what do you want me to do? look it won ' t go anywhere i can ' t what? what won ' t? computer have you frozen the computer? no no it will it just keeps on going to is it there? no it keeps on going back to that one look what is this? football manager? wait for it
853. are you doing? what ' s wrong what do you want me to do? look it won ' t go anywhere i can ' t what? what won ' t? computer have you frozen the computer? no no it will it just keeps on going to is it there? no it keeps on going back to that one look what is this? football manager? wait for it are you gonna have an
859. mm okay oh these boys they do is increase my left over food mm it ' s the indecision to me is more they all go a bit mad they they can ' t be by the computer just get really cross it ' s like god ' s sake mm god ' s sake that ' s what i say goodness sake goodness dad going back to the time when we just read stories around by the
860. it so do you did have you been speaking to? yeah is he alright? he had had such a bad bad start to twenty fifteen his girlfriend dumped and he wrote off a thousand pounds worth of computer we really s we need to we need to send him did i sent him this funny picture i saw of a advert in australia it ' s the cricket world cup and they ' ve got an ad
861. yeah and also i mean even in my generation like we used to run around i used to be outside for pretty much all the time mm yeah but now kids are just sat in front of a a computer on their buns yeah living their lives through a screen i ' d be running through the grass or or around in the muck mm see i can ' t imagine getting getting asthma or eczema
862. talking about? yeah oh right i mean it ' s only seven miles away it is only seven mile yeah but mm there is no bus to she ' s had to have a new screen for her computer uh - huh so a larger screen oh and and the other chap that works in the office as one of the other pastoral assistants and we were talking well how ' s she gonna? er she came
863. t let her go on the internet won ' t let her this that and the other no well won ' t let her can ' t do this you know that ' s why we bought her the computer yeah mm he had the computer all the time you know but he cou er yeah that ' s not right no no it ' s not yeah yeah no it ' s not right but that ' s
864. internet won ' t let her this that and the other no well won ' t let her can ' t do this you know that ' s why we bought her the computer yeah mm he had the computer all the time you know but he cou er yeah that ' s not right no no it ' s not yeah yeah no it ' s not right but that ' s hm but i think they worked
866. i ' ve got my laptop sorted well no yeah i got my laptop with the software on haven ' t i yeah but i need to get that down but i am thinking about trying to repair my computer myself oh yeah? yeah yeah cos if it ' s the hard drive that is gone yeah i can get a new hard drive for forty pound yeah and it ' s a dual - core computer in
867. computer myself oh yeah? yeah yeah cos if it ' s the hard drive that is gone yeah i can get a new hard drive for forty pound yeah and it ' s a dual - core computer in any case yeah it is ain ' t it yeah even though it ' s f six years old it is dual - core yeah and i could probably g i can get the operating system yeah it might
868. hm you want a lump hammer and a ir irish screwdriver so but you spend a hundred pound on buying a new hard drive and a new yeah operating system and you can get a new basic computer for two hundred and twenty pound yeah mm yeah yep so mm you can ' t get anything off the hard drive then? i don ' t think so yeah but you got a lot of stuff on that
869. the related ones mm we we got a program huh mm that we we delete ours in otherwise if you delete it outside this program it ' ll leave all the information about the photograph on the computer mm in the blank and all you got is a blank space but the information of what er what the photograph was yeah all the metada d er data and everything er mm is still there so we have
870. aw yeah but that ' s like buying a car though ain ' t it? yeah you buy a car and you m mm you lost money immediately haven ' t you? you can buy an old computer for virtually nothing can ' t you? yeah yeah so but the only difference with four years old the only difference with the ipad huh the new ipad is it ' s got a better screen yeah and the
876. we shwe should google that fair it was fair wasn ' t it? was fair yeah someone might ' ve took a photograph what? at fair? yeah mm you never know what you find on computer now do you? no you don ' t mm but that was one of the best fairs we ever went to weren ' t it? it was lovely yeah and we only had to dredress up
877. ##ibe? no i didn ' t unsubscribe mm unless i did it by accident? we have too many emails come through we do that drive me up the wall when we switch the computer on and they go all you seem to do is delete them and then that ' s all you do on the computer yeah deleting emails er not even looking at them it is it ' s
879. river called? which one is it? no idea i had to learn them all when i was a kid there was the ouse and the stour and the i have to check it is your computer on? no it ' s all the way upstairs i can do it on my phone probably the orwell is it orwell? i know orwell george orwell took his name from some place in
881. i ' m trying to think how long was on for i think it was like my first appointment was about half an hour maybe okay yeah cos i did the first thing i did i did on computer mm you have to do that and then she takes through that and then you talk about your probs and then it usually hav lasts like not long though so like twenty - five to half an hour
885. barclays are giving your hsbc we ' re getting twelve weeks money erm er lloyds yeah yeah stupid lot oh i er meant to tell you erm ' s really chuffed about that computer that you give him about a year ago probably two years near two two years yeah has he got it going? yeah yeah he ' s got his er all his accounts on it he ' s got all
886. two years yeah has he got it going? yeah yeah he ' s got his er all his accounts on it he ' s got all his accounts on that now well i tell you what an xp computer which is not connected to the internet and has got nothing else on it with a clean install yeah they work like rockets they do yeah they really work well yeah yeah and if he ' s just put his
887. yeah he just put his accounts on well you know what ' s er yeah as soon as you go on the internet you put anti - virus on i mean that slows down yeah you know my computer when it loads up it you know it ' s only got xp on it yeah and when that loads up that ' s got something like er er nine s er six hundred megabytes of ram used
888. one? the old one? the one i you got on yours and er i ' ve got a copy of it have you? yeah oh brilliant do you want it? yeah put on an old computer? yeah yeah if you can if you got it yeah yeah yeah that ' d be brilliant thank you well it ' s er well er it ' s got everything well i dunno don ' t suppose
889. a lot more than that they got more sugar in that ' s why mm could be mm i ' ll put that there you can ' t beat mcvitie ' s but when you got your computer new mm did you go through that did you make the recovery disk? no no i didn ' t i see cos normally when you switch it on that ' s the first thing they tell you make
890. gigabytes aren ' t they? yeah and you don ' t know what they ' re doing you ' re getting that ' s right but i mean the you switch it o you switch your computer off mm and it says oh we ' re now going to do some updates mm do not unplug or whatever yeah mm and then that come up one of thirteen updates or one of eleven updates and
891. one time as an update i think yeah and then you ' re forever getting the updates of sil updates of silverlight yeah i mean you don ' t know what they ' re doing to your computer really do you? no i mean these er there there ' s so many so many things that can come down oh we ' re just updating java mm you know wwhy? it ' s
894. tons of s tons of music but yeah we don ' t actually play er any of it do we? we never play it though yeah i got loads cos every time i mm get an old computer from like from or various people who you know you look at it yeah and they got loads of good music on it yeah and you think oh i ' ll just transfer that on to mine mm so on
896. people in july and japanese in august really interest and it was nine thirty start walk i walked in at the first day at at nine twenty - three or something like that in order to g set the computer up and they ' re all sitting there waiting for it yeah yeah amazing and what about the spanish they drift in and well they were actually they weren ' t bad because they were teachers oh yeah rather than
898. i ' m s and but put it inside your grid yeah i tried to i tried to yeah put your number there what i ' m saying is you try it and it didn ' t work my computer doesn ' t do anything that i don ' t you can jump you can jump them around then oh i oh i se if it ' s not doing automatic oh i know what you mean yeah if it
899. went off the page and it ' s should be in auto correct mm and you un - tick everything you can possibly un - tick it ' s the first thing i do when i get a new computer really? didn ' t realise it drives me crackers when it ' s trying to do things i don ' t want it to do i ' ll have another go er but if you can ' t
900. re going to erm watch that doctor who tonight oh cool er er now sort of thing yeah okay so you can see it before you go to bed yeah erm i ' ve already brought the computer and everything downstairs so if you can just go and set up the iplayer? okay love you
901. remember the house thing yeah that ' s very very funny ah come on man did he get broken twice? no looks like it no he didn ' t oh my god they ' re good mm your computer is busy okay so do you want some pudding? rhubarb and custard sure thanks that ' s latest we ' ve got ice cream i think it ' s better with custard
902. s so he ' s probably really annoyed djokovic is gonna yeah ah he ' s blowing it forty love broken to love what ' s the score now? oh what ' s happening? my computer it ' s scary it looks like it ' s trying to restart have you ever had that where you it says updates and you do it and then? my computer almost had a a nervous breakdown in germany
903. oh what ' s happening? my computer it ' s scary it looks like it ' s trying to restart have you ever had that where you it says updates and you do it and then? my computer almost had a a nervous breakdown in germany i was freaking out have you noticed for two for years macs never froze or crashed? they ' re built it ' s built into them what? they '
905. fi unless you ' re near the main house aha so you can go to the main house and get wi - fi and then in theory the log cabin has an ethernet cable but i took my computer one time and plugged it in and didn ' t work so oh okay and then erm it ' s got a little wood burner which is why i ' m not living there now erm
910. are these all from the phone no these are from my digital camera no they weren ' t but that ' s the trouble with phones you tend not to and you just keep them all hidden in a computer and it ' s not the same as looking through a nice album somehow why does does my hair never go like that any more? that ' s completely dead straight my hair never does that any more does
912. it off at work anyway oh right and bring it back to me tomorrow right yeah oh yeah there ' s always always email things on to dad if they can ' t we must get word on that computer actually it ' s a pain in the arse i know but it ' s usually fine cos i just use mine but well it ' s no big deal putting having it put on but no chocolate
914. yeah yeah every time it ' s er i tell you what what we will do i stand above you while you are doing it and watch you will and do that? yeah or i can control your computer from here if you want i can set up and do remote access no no no no i don ' t go for i will come and stand over your shoulder no that ' s right i mean i just
915. goes dark on the screen and then i get a little message in a box that says waiting for programs to close so i leave actually that ' s because it doesn ' t like you to shut your computer down if there is something still running and if it terminates well how do i know what ' s running? well if it terminates a program half way through it running you might lose some saved data so it
918. - shirt yeah and bless him he he ' s written all of his jokes out on the computer one finger at a time written it all of his jokes out and then he um brings the um the computer has this synthesised speaker and it ' s quite good actually cos it ' s much it ' s improved on how they used to do it i mean so it doesn ' t sound like stephen hawk
919. you want then what ' s the point of getting what you don ' t want well exactly i don ' t really want anything anyway ah i ' m sure you do you could do with a new computer you could do with a new it still works yeah but it er in the heat we need we need to buy another fan yeah that is a problem where did we buy that last fan from? that was
924. ? oh right couple of weeks then i forget to get and to fill these out is it the first of march? oh these are your consent forms oh do you want something to lean on? the computer is there no this ' ll be alright here you are lean on these one for you that tom tom when we use it what yeah? what did we do with the charger? apparently i ' ve
925. or thumb like technology mm right definitely cell and web and battery right? or yeah maybe not sure about plastic er plastic is not is it? could port be it? like technology port? on a computer? yeah he does like computers erm what do you reckon? wwell touch ones for definite while you ' re ruminating on that one no because you can ' t tell if it ' s right
927. ##m they ' re gonna show a picture of it in a minute and they open the whole hand cut the tendons and release them mm mm somehow this is this is a copy this is a same computer i i ' ve got i ' ve got wow yeah mm you feel it like a tank wow it is heavy isn ' t it? it is heavy and it ' s strong i didn ' t ask
928. my goodness ah i ' m not very good with medical things no it ' s horrible but what i was gonna try and do was find out contractions release by dr thomas oh i have to ask computer who does dupuytren ' s contracture release? yeah who ' s that then? hello pardon? yes it did yeah it ' s on your bed are you? alright yeah ha i '
936. for er any plans for the holidays? well i ' ve got a a grandson easter and he ' s called and i ' m hoping he ' ll come up and he ' ll look at my computer for me what is it you want me to do? well i just want look er when i switch it on oh i want a question answered yeah do you leave yours switched on all the time? no
937. it on oh i want a question answered yeah do you leave yours switched on all the time? no no never not at all why not? i ' m asking cos i no point leaving your computer on cos it ' s if you ' re not using it it ' s just using up power for no reason power cos i was told you know i ' ve got the internet oh yeah they
938. ##s if if you ' re next door they ' ve got bt next door ' s got bt so there ' s not a lot of point us having ours on right okay erm i switch my computer on and it take ages you know okay i get these things from and i print them because i can ' t take it all in at once yeah and by the time i ' ve got onto the third
940. say how many pages you want it yeah well in the first instance that will take ages to come up? yes always? always at the first is this the first thing you do when you switch your computer on? w i s go to the usually my emails yeah i ' ll have a look at with your start - up processes if er if the first one ' s taking a long time you might have
941. look at with your start - up processes if er if the first one ' s taking a long time you might have a lot of stuff that ' s programmed to happen as soon as you turn your computer on that you might not even want so if you sort of disable some of those then the turning on process will be a lot quicker and sort of the first sort of things you do mm aand
942. ##sable some of those then the turning on process will be a lot quicker and sort of the first sort of things you do mm aand er it fr it keeps freezing you know is this a new computer? yeah well it ' s er a year old er it freezes and you know this is i ' ll do a malware check as well shouldn ' t do that it sounds like you either have
943. as well shouldn ' t do that it sounds like you either have malware or it ' s just a poor processor what ' s malware? just anything that you don ' t want on your computer that starts clogging up the space and bluntware as well no malware ' s sort of like a virus or a trojan or a pup or something or a bug yeah oh well that ' s
945. didn ' t take anything just his phone dunno well he hasn ' t got a laptop anymore has he? oh oh no cos he sold it to didn ' t he to buy his desk computer? oh okay well anyway they ' ve gone to be honest with you he was so annoying on sunday i think we were all quite pleased to see the back of him for four days glad to see the
946. in your? i think so i can ' t i haven ' t no wanna watch breaking free? ah no ah that ' s wicked what is it? in yeah i do actually er oh a computer charger? don ' t fucking know mate i ' d start by looking down the back of the window into the plug yeah we ' ll watch anything really yeah i ' ll watch anything me i '
948. which one do you want? what do you mean? which of the terrible mugshots do you want? oh er well just aattach a few and then see how they look on your computer oh my god my face is horrific there your face will definitely reach twenty - nine millimetres and then next face it ' s tall isn ' t it? yeah it ' s g what ' s the other
949. because i think it ' s er maybe a little bit too well done oh my apple ' s doing something weird it ' s got like a really badly resa resolution screen it ' s got your computer is unable to start start and prepare is checking your systems problems oh ah ah what i ' ll do it might reveal sorry i ' ve been downloading porn again you ' ve been what? i '
950. it might reveal sorry i ' ve been downloading porn again you ' ve been what? i ' ve been downloading porn again oh good so much porn ha ha do you want to restore your computer? do i want to restore my computer? i don ' t know i didn ' t install anything recently so no? like a that ' s what happens when i put the in it ' s safe
951. downloading porn again you ' ve been what? i ' ve been downloading porn again oh good so much porn ha ha do you want to restore your computer? do i want to restore my computer? i don ' t know i didn ' t install anything recently so no? like a that ' s what happens when i put the in it ' s safe mode oh okay what as in? as
953. better run and get that the charger? mm i was gonna set up a programme to watch for the when the pizza gets here oh okay i ' ll but i didn ' t know where the computer was yeah it ' s in this bag cos i took it to work we ' ve only got one episode left huh oh so so i ' ve got these these shoes yeah yeah? yeah they '
954. the most comfortable aren ' t they? mm mm but i can wear those and those for work too mm funny ain ' t it? funny having all these shoes mm right do you wanna get the computer ready? yeah er what else? are they bringing any drinks with this pizza? two coca - colas yeah that ' ll do i need a bit of sugar yeah i went up to erm this
959. away from me mm mm and what else have you done today? well i came back here well i went i had a class at nine printed out managed to print out i ' d just got my computer fixed today came back breastfed er went for a walk round the block to try and find something i can ' t remember what erm so i walked all the way around the block er you can '
960. audience basically so they ' re gonna run out of ideas very soon i was talking to on the train she said it ' s not about sticking an acad academic in front of a at a fucking computer er sorry camera camera yeah yeah i know that and getting them to talk at the camera that ' s that ' s old style mooc yes that ' s not where we ' re going we ' re
962. the ones from australia and and new zealand and malaysia last year i just took them off the phone but it i couldn ' t do it i couldn ' t get them off the phone and onto the computer and your dad had a go oh all this nonsense about oh just connect the cable and it ' ll tell you didn ' t actually work at all think it ' s er when did he say he was
963. i ' ve i ' ve seen that is that is i mean nothing but sort of that ' s not an expression transistor type thing you know all on a board and that that is a computer with a big screen on it that ' s all it is yeah it ' s not a telly it ' s not strictly speaking a television none of them are now cos they ' re all digital
964. a telly it ' s not strictly speaking a television none of them are now cos they ' re all digital mm and the easiest way to make a digital thing do something is to put a computer in it so you ' ve got two boards in there one is a computer and the other one just controls the power that ' s it yeah which makes them very easy for me to repair but your traditional
966. fifty quid for it i ' d like to meet you and you can become one of my customers and and you know i ' ll i ' ll put a little knob on the front of your computer that ' ll go up to eleven so it goes faster than everyone else ' s computer and i ' ll charge you four thousand pounds for that it ' ll just be a little knob that ' s not
967. of my customers and and you know i ' ll i ' ll put a little knob on the front of your computer that ' ll go up to eleven so it goes faster than everyone else ' s computer and i ' ll charge you four thousand pounds for that it ' ll just be a little knob that ' s not connected to anything but you ' ll think it goes faster mm and i ' ll make
968. you mean like against viruses and stuff? yeah yeah oh right okay i have a free one through erm my dad ' s old something like software that he used to get or whatever works on the computer at home mm so erm we should definitely have a night out next week though yeah what time are you in on fridays? i ' m not in on fridays do you want to go out on thursday
972. yeah didn ' t she and er yeah so that was yesterday and today she ' s walking even more she just she just saw us and just walked from one side of the room to up to the computer yeah oh and the yeah and grabbed the computer and switched it off erm and apparently she plays the drums really well yeah they had her on the drums the other day they ' re gonna get in part
975. in my? no you ' ve got a bit there oh and his computers are really rare yeah we heard that so they sent them to the computers yeah museum to the museum and they might say this computer was donated by and i might say excuse me that ' s my grandad mm or may although they may be so rare that they ' re not on display i ' m probably i ' m sure probably

