Cluster 1
0. this path down there i was standing there yes er friday do they pop their head out? i was waiting for the head to come up no we just well soil kept appearing you should have got a camera and there was nothing it was just and i suddenly saw the soil i dunno what made me look do you know if you ' d had a camera and a mole just started the countryfile calendar
6. pudding in a can it ' s called pud in shape what is it? is it actually like creme caramel or is it some other flavour? yeah it ' s cre creme camera caramel in a can you shake it up and i guess there ' s some kind of a reaction and it the drink kind of goes hard a bit and it ' s kind of puddingy that '
12. ##t tu tu tu tu a um it ' s got an er it ' s got a camera er like a video camera mm and it has image processing so it can tell if a shape on the camera looks like a person and if it thinks you ' re about to hit it um it brakes the car automatically um and deploys the airbag so the bonnet pops up and then it mm comes out and
16. do it now you just go like wing liner no cos you were filming your friend that looks like a couple you were filming with your friend yeah and like she was like she said it behind the camera she like you suit wing liner and then you just went wing liner and i just thought it was like so you like the personality coming out for your video which was really nice thanks man yeah i know co
17. obviously michelle pfeiffer michelle pfeiffer will be next what? and i love michelle pfeiffer michelle pfeiffer just say something funny why? you ' re on camera no i ' m not you ' re on candid camera record rather i don ' t know why it ' s a in order to cook na na has someone learned you how to make a jacket potato
18. be next what? and i love michelle pfeiffer michelle pfeiffer just say something funny why? you ' re on camera no i ' m not you ' re on candid camera record rather i don ' t know why it ' s a in order to cook na na has someone learned you how to make a jacket potato? then i ' m gonna scoop it out and mix it
19. so but no there ' s nothing in there oh right okay don ' t be silly it ' s not i ' s not gonna be in the obvious place but i know that if i go to camera it will show me what my last photo was so that ' s fine now share facebook mm mm hilarious would kill me more set as contact icon yes think that ' s what they like m for no see
24. allowed in one area but not another? because people need a sign to say you are being recorded well why don ' t they do that? cos you ' re not allowed it with every other camera? that ' s a good point don ' t they? don ' t they? well they do have signs saying cctv cameras yeah they do have signs things like that are working in this area yeah
25. you do have a choice if you see that sign you see yeah that no i ' m not gonna go within five miles of the city centre i mean there can ' t be a sign for every camera no you ' re right no surely no cos those signs are for if you ' re thinking about doing something no you might second think yourself and go yeah oh well there ' s a camera on me
26. every camera no you ' re right no surely no cos those signs are for if you ' re thinking about doing something no you might second think yourself and go yeah oh well there ' s a camera on me i ' m gonna get caught aren ' t i so yeah yeah yeah let ' s not do it so the real reason maybe that ' s what they ' re saying but the real reason is
27. you mean? what because he puts things like his beats headphones on is that what they mean? no like in front of his friends like and his friends they will be like in front of the camera and they ' re like they ' ve got like all their cameras and like he just kind of like and he blends in with the crowd that i know mm er that aren ' t nice people yeah
28. it ' s monster he has like a bit where he ' s being interviewed in his dressing room oh yeah but it ' s kind of a level beyond his actual stand - up in front of the camera where he ' s like he ' s he ' s got another mask over his visual one so it ' s like he ' s putting on two different fronts and then it like cycles that it ' s
32. to assault you? it carries on cooking erm yeah yeah yeah there was so that that was have you got a camera at the front of your shop then that caught her? no no well which camera? it wasn ' t very good just cameras everywhere but they are very blurred and very they are not accurate no well cameras never are but they sh they showed somebody trying to assault you? yeah that was
33. what a lucky guy yeah a lucky kid he done he so he got on his feet as a child but he didn ' t even realise that that he didn ' t wanna be in front of the camera mm mm and he wanted that to it wasn ' t wasn ' t for him mm mm it ' s quite a lot of pressure as a kid as well mm yeah so you ' ve already got a
34. professional i think it ' s amazing when kids kind of just all of a sudden just have their career start and they ' re expected to be like adults you know? mm just turn up straight away camera rolling you have to do the job you know? you have to perform yeah i mean lucky he went to like a children ' s theatre group remember you remember the guy i can ' t remember? no
36. luck for the next hour oh no there you go pal if you ' re quick go on fast no? fair enough he ' s got a number plate say no more probably pissed yeah probably oh speed camera seventy that ' s handy that they tell you ah but i ' m not being fooled cos that sign with the silhouette is fifty so i ' m gonna do fifty and if it ' s seventy it
37. so i ' m gonna do fifty and if it ' s seventy it ' s seventy but i ' m gonna presume it ' s fifty aha there we are yeah there ' s a speed camera on the road near me and they ' ve taped it up with black bin bags and like oh right i wondered if it was just too cold for the speed cameras to work which interesting yeah i don '
38. i just wanted sticky window things for the the shower oh yeah yeah but i ' m to reclaim your shaver space yeah so it ' s not sort of floating around in the water yeah oh speed camera it ' s probably fifty er so maybe not tesco cos that er lidl? really overwhelms me er or or i could take you to and show you where the beans are oh
39. that wouldn ' t they? yeah yeah so er yeah i think that down there is the line of the old canal that went into yes yeah into bradford ah erm er there ' s a speed camera is it? mm i noticed on the north yorkshire website the north yorkshire police website yeah you only get a speed awareness course if you ' re something like four miles an hour over the limit i thought well
40. industry yeah i mean i can ' t er i i think he ' s right in the sense but it ' s not really the same industry it ' s er it ' s er as in a camera ' s pointed at him it ' s for a completely different context i i think he ' s worried about comedy being unable to say things that are offensive no that ' s not what he was but going
42. she was all covered up uh - huh and then she was two hours late and then she said right i ' ve just gotta go and get ready cos we ' re we ' re on on camera okay stepped into a telephone box and came out i ' ll be another hour no no big telephone box it took her an hour to walk round it but she erm and then she d she came out
43. other is nature oh yeah i would have liked to have done some david attenborough type of things although it ' s incredibly boring apparently on the real edge there ' s a there ' s a camera lady get david bellamy and get right in there yeah so so it ' s what i was saying before i i i ' ve actually been interviewed a lot recently mm mm even on today and you you know
44. radio isn ' t it and and and and he laughed er er and i sort of sort of sank into it quite easily and i really enjoyed that uh - huh but when you ' ve got a camera st in your face yeah which i ' ve done to people all my life mm mm it ' s a really different experience why is it cos it ' s daunting? yeah the fact that
45. shoulders erm and er hands you still you know i do er this a lot anyway and this for the microphone is me waving my hands around gesticulating but erm when you ' re on camera so i ' ve learned to just put my hands in my pocket and try and stay still but you know just er er be yourself mm mm that ' s that ' s the thing so it ' s
46. s an interesting experience it is very when the tables are turned mm well the tables have now have turned but don ' t worry i ' m only recording you your voice yes there ' s no hidden camera anywhere it ' s erm i was reading an interesting article the other day yep? about how the the lines between radio and tv are being blurred because like in a lot of radio stations they ' ll
49. they didn ' t really talk about it that much no? and it ended up with somebody accusing i think it was buzz aldrin it might have been neil armstrong actually erm er with a camera saying you didn ' t land on the moon did you you didn ' t and neil armstrong punched this guy in the face er like on camera it was fantastic but he just said i ' ve had enough
50. might have been neil armstrong actually erm er with a camera saying you didn ' t land on the moon did you you didn ' t and neil armstrong punched this guy in the face er like on camera it was fantastic but he just said i ' ve had enough of this you know of course we did you know er but before that they didn ' t they had never really talked about it and again if
51. you don ' t get degrees in researching necessarily but you know it ' s like broadcast journalism? yeah something like that something more specific erm job - related it er you can study to be a camera person for example right you know there are degrees the old b - techs vocational type things yeah vocational degrees yeah and there are of course erm er excuse me actual er writing courses and that mm mm
55. that that is me that that can ' t be anybody else and then there ' s the next shot is in the playroom which erm must have been after this meal and there ' s the camera goes on to me and this i ' m sitting next to this girl should i say this girl ' s sitting next to me who was called and erm she was the same age as me then the
56. on to me and this i ' m sitting next to this girl should i say this girl ' s sitting next to me who was called and erm she was the same age as me then the camera pans away then it comes back to us then it pans away and then it comes back to us and then it pans away and that ' s it yeah and so i was surprised cos
58. because it just kept saying the same mm yeah mm so i saw the other day in her panda suit oh god yeah it was so funny she looked like a baby panda running around they just put the camera on the and she just didn ' t yeah and and from the corner you saw this like panda it was it was a baby panda it ' s a it ' s a full we thought oh you got
59. er she accidentally bought a sack of potatoes so we have to do potato soup what ' s a nice soup? potato she ' s been doing the worst soups man don ' t put that on camera what? the worst of all time i ' ve never tasted soups like it or me like fucking gnarly soups man with like chunks of potato like am i exaggerating if i say
64. ll go get her a doughn i ' d like to have her finish the doughnut a bit of oh bless him that ' s so funny she was so defiant and she ' ll be on camera or something oh y oh she said she told her husband he was absolutely horrified seriously she ' s a big girl is she? yeah she ' s a big girl oh my god oh turned out she '
69. them can ' t do that can it? well i hope not yeah i mean the blue tits are they should be okay i mean she ' s in there the yeah it ' s only a little camera innit and that ' s on a right that ' s alright then it is he ' s alright that ' s strange erm if i just put a bit of paint on then yes put a bit
70. t look at it and go oh well that ' s a fake he did look like a nice guy and you couldn ' t really get that much of a look at him because he was behind a camera he was taking a photo just looked like a nice guy and then we ' re chatting away and he ' s like oh by the way that ' s not me in the photo and i thought oh oh
71. ##es you know? mean they mmostly know what they ' re doing erm but there are people on there that don ' t like mushrooms and and the girl ' s saying that to the camera mushrooms you know and he ' s in the kitchen and she oh i didn ' t say i didn ' t like mushroom and she you know and then they when it comes like this pile of mushrooms on
72. t see many people you know in the middle of the afternoon wearing or not like we ' d think of as like going to a a ball or something like that but they must dress up for the camera and they ' re all blonde and their hair ' s all down to here maybe it ' s a uniform i don ' t know anyway oh what ' s gone to london for? that was what i
74. like separated and against certain things yeah they would i mean i like the maybe even if people eh maybe if people we go that way? yeah sure oh wait no yeah if you yeah you hold the camera even if people are even if you got er rid of religion yeah and applied religionless ethics to issues like euthanasia yeah i still think people would have a problem with it oh yeah yeah it '
75. vuvulnerable yeah don ' t walk in front of a car you ' re not going to win are they? but if you hit them you ' re in the wrong i have a camera oh you have a camera? yeah to laugh about it afterwards in slow motion cold playback hey dickheads i was on before er there ' s a video on youtube not on youtube well it is on youtube
79. ' s fake tan that ' s fake tan that looks orange yeah i think that ' s fake tan and that ' s photo number two who took that photo? well it must be delay on the camera and he said he took it today that ' s an orange face orange face so i mean he ' s got quite a nice face apart from that he looks a bit of a psycho in that one yes
93. and she had been to something at and she came back through at oh yeah that ' s a bad bit there innit? half past one in the morning yeah? and got done by the speed camera for doing thirty - four miles an hour what? on a thirty mile an hour limit and it ' s gonna cost her that ' s awful eighty - six quid but it ' s so easy just
94. yeah you know and you think yeah you know they you know people have become quite blase towards this sort of constant sort of surveillance don ' t they? they do yeah and i i saw police camera action i don ' t know if you ' ve ever seen that? mm they followed this car not by another car not by following em they followed em from london to birmingham to i think edinburgh in the
95. t know if you ' ve ever seen that? mm they followed this car not by another car not by following em they followed em from london to birmingham to i think edinburgh in the end all on camera all on camera they followed this car because he he ' d er they ' d broken into somewhere and yeah and they they didn ' t want to catch him till they knew where he was going mm and
96. you ' ve ever seen that? mm they followed this car not by another car not by following em they followed em from london to birmingham to i think edinburgh in the end all on camera all on camera they followed this car because he he ' d er they ' d broken into somewhere and yeah and they they didn ' t want to catch him till they knew where he was going mm and er they actually
97. you can still go out at wells can ' t you? on these boat trips yeah see the seals things yeah yeah yeah we went with didn ' t we? yes we did went with to the camera to take the seals they stink like mad don ' t they? the seals do? they really yeah and we got out there and i and i didn ' t have a memory stick in my camera well
99. not got any here i couldn ' t find any when i was leaving england oh well never mind oh what ' s the limit here? i ' m just going extra slow cos of that speed camera everyone else going extra slow okay erm yeah no i have got some here mm but actually no i don ' t really like swimming that much i used to go i used to go a lot it '
107. now vogue pose erm i ' ll do my vogue pose vogue this is like my arty erm model while not trying to model pose no that looks like i ' m hungover on a camera just went off huh? this is my i ' m i ' m not a model but just went oh just just just pose seductively by my grandpa ' s grave with the camera still around that was
108. ##over on a camera just went off huh? this is my i ' m i ' m not a model but just went oh just just just pose seductively by my grandpa ' s grave with the camera still around that was one of them it was seductively by a grave? that ' s so bad just like no she she was like got nan ' s funeral today of course one of the views i
109. i just ah just casually posing that ' s so disrespectful it is but she did it just just casually pho i ' ll just casually get in on this tractor and a camera went off said the wind blew off and just sort of like heels on i know i haven ' t seen that one i haven ' t seen this but no they sound odd mm hm i i ' ll
110. anyway to record if they give you permission they ' d be fine won ' t they? but then i don ' t know it ' s like should i should i you know should i put a camera on me and show the abuse that you have to put up with from some students mm well there is a case for that tempting because in some er preschools and and not preschools nurseries they used
111. know what it ' s like to be a caterer yes i know what it ' s like to ha er hold that fucking boom thing i know what it ' s like to be hanging around with camera people and fucking cables and shit yeah mm i know what it ' s like yeah so you ' ve got a good gut feel of it yeah yeah yeah that ' s that ' s fine exactly i '
114. ? nothing that ' s right that ' s right nothing yeah caught me on the counter it wasn ' t me banging on the sofa it wasn ' t me it wasn ' t me caught me on camera in wasn ' t me it wasn ' t me red - handed creeping with the girl next door picture this we were both butt - naked gershwin call it gershwin you ' ve discovered a new star? call
120. people in the room and that sort of stuff they ' re not gonna stop you doing it they were thinking they were sort of you know that connect thing? mm they were it ' s like a camera feed xbox it can tell how many people are in the room when they were muted to sort of look into the you know dunno if er and there ' s also there ' s also like technology for
121. ' ve done it what would you say if some big guy stood in front of you llooking at your they can throw you out but they can ' t make you do something to your own camera that ' s that ' s that ' s right that ' s right mm although obviously they did yeah but it was the end of the show so they were really if they ' d had any kind of
129. cost an absolute mm fortune and they ' re all around and there ' s nowhere mm on the outside perimeter of any part of the building that you can go mm where you ' re not seen on camera mm erm and there ' s all the monitors inside we ' ve got two monitors in our building i don ' t know how many they ' ve got down the road dimmer monitors? did you
130. interact? yeah mm without without having to put up with them yeah but she er she did a drum she comes up right up to the to the t to their laptop and look right into the mm camera mm and wave that ' s good that ' s really good i can ' t mm you know ten months old or nearly a year ain ' t it? sh erm the end of this month the
134. more probably and one of them is really bad really bad erm one of them is money shotage again and she ' s against a bar i don ' t know it ' s a really strange camera angle cos i couldn ' t so i couldn ' t really see but you get to see a lot of her mm yeah and an other one is really bad the camera is on the floor and she
135. ' s a really strange camera angle cos i couldn ' t so i couldn ' t really see but you get to see a lot of her mm yeah and an other one is really bad the camera is on the floor and she ' s pretend the camera is here on the floor she ' s stood here and he ' s bent double like this mm right so you can see kind of the full length
136. ' t so i couldn ' t really see but you get to see a lot of her mm yeah and an other one is really bad the camera is on the floor and she ' s pretend the camera is here on the floor she ' s stood here and he ' s bent double like this mm right so you can see kind of the full length of her tits hanging out tits hanging out and everything completely
142. ? he was in a cave like a guano cave and he said now they were all sweeping there was like literally hundreds and thousands sweeping round his head and he said he was doing a piece to camera about how amazing sonar is and their communication and all this and he said there ' s not any chance that anyone is gonna touch my head because they all come really close but then they their own sonar won
143. of oh does she? talked me up a little bit so hopefully that ' ll do me some good er but yeah just doing odd and sods at the minute just helping a friend out with some camera work next week for he works for uni oh you got to chew in you got at chew it a bit more mm yeah or wash it down but how many teeth have you got? you ' ve
148. it? yeah it ' s not the same as this is it? it ' s not the same as that one no er that ' s probably just a bad photo he ' s squinting into the camera no one ' s attractive when they ' re squinting look at me as if it ' s gonna make it be any clearer see this however is a cute face so you never know mm mm you never know
149. want to get your disabled badge out to wave to them? be efficient now eh aw he ' s waving us on anyway aw look at that you can see the fairground whoa wish i had a camera told you didn ' t they like this darling? it ' s like a proper tinkers fair over there leave it out bloody pulling it away i ' m not pulling it away it ' s just there
152. i forget that i ' m logged in mm? and people think that i ' m like ready to talk and you ' re not? and i ' m not i just don ' t like the camera aspect of it mm? hate being on camera and then when i and then it ' s horrible like when i ' m on facetime my friends like freeze my f when my face freezes they like
153. ? and people think that i ' m like ready to talk and you ' re not? and i ' m not i just don ' t like the camera aspect of it mm? hate being on camera and then when i and then it ' s horrible like when i ' m on facetime my friends like freeze my f when my face freezes they like they sh they screenshot it and then like
154. practicing but they don ' t stop him cos they think it ' s a brilliant idea but he doesn ' t know that but he doesn ' t know that mm and they put a cctv camera in his room mm? to check what how good he ' s doing and then like give him tips secretly how well he ' s doing? yeah uhu and when he asks the this is like getting
156. go on holiday by themse with their friends by thems for the first time without their parents unbeknown to them the parents have gone along and they ' re spying on them with a camera they ' re being they know they ' re being filmed and stuff but they don ' t know what for they ' ve been obviously been told something different but em and then they come clean at the end
158. human? i think it ' s just automatic but what what ' s strange about them is that when someone ' s looking at you they tend to look at you on the screen and not in the camera so when they ' re looking at you they appear not to be looking at you so that that ' s a bit confusing sometimes cos you ' re not quite sure if they ' re talking to you
159. something like that last week because they went to find a different classroom and then they phoned up from a room that they ' d found and one of them must have been holding the phone as a camera so you could see the face of the other one it wasn ' t possible that the person making the call was holding i don ' t think it wouldn ' t have been possible would it? i don
160. the er ca the mirror image of erm of my situation where one of the students in in the room where we were was holding his holding the phone for me to see so presumably that was on camera as well mm so i could o i couldn ' t see myself obviously i could only see erm this person in the other building well we we ' ve done some meetings where we ' ve used some
162. yes why? because the other one ' s nice i want a nice one oh god hold on let ' s where ' s smile like you did with your auntie hang on where ' s the camera? camera got it i was smiling and just bend over i have to get rid of the cigarette that sound disgusting isn ' t it? bend over no it ' s just a bit no no i '
163. ? because the other one ' s nice i want a nice one oh god hold on let ' s where ' s smile like you did with your auntie hang on where ' s the camera? camera got it i was smiling and just bend over i have to get rid of the cigarette that sound disgusting isn ' t it? bend over no it ' s just a bit no no i ' ll tell
164. mean that it ' s just it ' s very funny um mean this reminds me of the summer and uh sort of yeah um quite good effect you ' ve got like a three hundred and sixty degree camera thing going on there one of those cameras that ' s sort of like a total panorama oh yeah i like this bit um right so i was what i was doing about uh supposed to be about easter wasn
167. alright? binmen? seems to be yeah we won ' t be able to last much longer if they don ' t come on monday i don ' t know what will happen oh i wonder what camera ' s in here go back to medieval times or something don ' t know darling don ' t forget you ain ' t got the back on it yet might as well just start pouring it out in a
170. would she sing? you ' re guiding me to eternity watch the things you do shut up shut up you ' re ruining our tape right fuck off alright don ' t swear don ' t swear on camera do it on dictaphone right everyone be quiet i ' ll interview each one of you yeah? right well go around the no we ' re carrying on it ' s your c no it ' s
171. a you know like a bbc documen not well not a documentary but you know they do those like pieces where they like go and talk to the public and have a little walk and talk to the camera? and erm and they were saying that like nobody really knows anything about the eu but if you mention immigration everybody ' s like got an opinion and it was really really interesting like they talked to all
172. he? it ' s what he does don ' t he? we ' ve we ' ve run out of water so we ' re gonna have to drink our own urine instead of just asking the camera crew to give him a cup of water innit i i bet he like he he gets like domino ' s order don ' t he like right we ' ve scaled that cliff domino ' s time sunshine
174. man ate the man just said uh i ' ve heard that as a fact uh chillis are really hot and and to prove that i ' m gonna eat a whole scotch bonnet in front of the camera now what an idiot uh and he did eat a whole scotch bonnet and he did suffer what looked like quite extreme pain and has to drink like he drank loads of sort of everything he could find it is
180. what are you doing? yeah i just kept saying stop it what are you doing? stop it yeah so it was really nice yeah ah it was really nice and we ' ve got it all on camera and stuff why not mummy? the family not that you haven ' t been for the last so many years but er no i know but maybe this year it will be like yeah well as you say you
183. on the stage oh if you want you know can you take your earring off please? right so she said could you it ' s fine you can leave your other earring yeah but from that camera i ' ll have one earring on darling darling can ' t be done i ' m afraid i find it quite funny the way that all the women on tv like on the you know the national lottery
189. d be division two and there ' d be i don ' t think there was any any division one was it? but we were fa cup games when we used to go there used to be a camera one camera at norwich the and we used to say cor match of the day is here match of the day is here you know but they didn ' t have any facilities at all for the commentary box
190. division two and there ' d be i don ' t think there was any any division one was it? but we were fa cup games when we used to go there used to be a camera one camera at norwich the and we used to say cor match of the day is here match of the day is here you know but they didn ' t have any facilities at all for the commentary box or anything
192. but now i get home and is always asleep i get home and go where ' s? oh she ' s sleeping oh okay i just think oh god you should get one of those bears with the camera eyes yeah maybe we should get a nanny cam no but i love and i think and i think she is a wonderful nanny yeah i mean she is i don ' t want to mistrust her but
193. for not if they ' re really well maybe she thought that france was one of the other countries that we were at war with? germany and france i don ' t know but if i was on camera i wouldn ' t say a fact that i wasn ' t completely sure maybe she is completely sure if i was was only ninety percent sure about i wouldn ' t say it on camera until i checked it
194. i was on camera i wouldn ' t say a fact that i wasn ' t completely sure maybe she is completely sure if i was was only ninety percent sure about i wouldn ' t say it on camera until i checked it cos i wouldn ' t want that to be immortalised no no remind me when i get up to take one of those tablets cos i want to take three a day co
199. then it just goes out on tv it ' s much like and the key and the key with both shows it ' s way worse than key with both shows is you never see us people behind this camera giving them the drink it always seems like it ' s and it ' s like we capture them at home having a glass of wine yeah while they tell this story geordie shore there ' s boo
200. this a big like parading big oh yeah how could you get paid just like? oh my god this is so set up this is so set up oh my god he ' s looking into the camera look get him in yeah he looks at the camera he looks at the ca i noticed that as well here he looks at the camera are you ready? are you ready boys and girls? i noticed that
201. could you get paid just like? oh my god this is so set up this is so set up oh my god he ' s looking into the camera look get him in yeah he looks at the camera he looks at the ca i noticed that as well here he looks at the camera are you ready? are you ready boys and girls? i noticed that as well look here we go are you ready?
202. is so set up oh my god he ' s looking into the camera look get him in yeah he looks at the camera he looks at the ca i noticed that as well here he looks at the camera are you ready? are you ready boys and girls? i noticed that as well look here we go are you ready? massive flaw massive flaw there we go massive flaw he ' s looking at the producers
203. they have cctv in the? no they had it in that ' s it yeah cos i think they i think they saw you coming back didn ' t they? yeah they got me on camera as coming back but i were with all these yeah but i came back after it happened yeah but they fucking tried blaming me for it and like you fuck off you ' re not pinning that on me i
204. put it in at work ' s desk so when she opens the drawers there will be this screaming noise coming out of her desk you guys it ' s gonna be funny you should film like a hidden camera show at your work it ' s great just do that to each other they have a ghost at work anyway a ghost? yeah what? cos i keep i ' ve been to the toilet three times
205. looked really upset after she did it she was like oh my god the funniest is that big black woman that did it yeah it ' s surprising what people will do when when you put a camera in front of them for a bit of fame mm the thing with this it ' s not erm erm sort of get it so that it ' s it ' s a hot curry spice that you
210. and the whole thing is about in the family the same thing happens to these different families one child will disappear and then the rest of the family get murdered like horrifically and it all gets caught on camera erm and you find out act i mean are you going to watch it or not? i don ' t know if i should tell you what what i might watch it well we we ' ve had
211. and just replay it it was so good cos it was like a serious moment and then suddenly the alpaca was yeah just like a second of like calm alpaca just staring at the camera i feel like they were trying to be so artistic and like maybe originally the film was six hours long and they had to cut it down which is why it didn ' t make any sense well i think
223. so high either yeah but this is natural of us playing can hold it like a normal camera though be like this yeah yeah and that will be absolutely fine completely negate the for a stick pretend the camera ' s not there sure just act natural like okay er er so you could do that and i could take i think i but then but then i could do that next go like i can start by level
224. was so spooky so spooky there ' s something very similar on a on a bbc advert and on and and the o and a helicopter flies over it and you can get the camera a bit but yeah mum obviously it was ma or whatever it is that ' s that ' s the one that was blown by british fee frigates oh in seventeen something yeah and one of the rebuilds is
227. you all of the time yeah i have to turn ours round i won ' t have those sometimes it comes on on its own does it? yeah oh yeah what ' s looking at you? the camera the camera sometimes on your if you sit at your computer i just want to cover it up sometimes that camera is there in your face sometimes er the the light comes on and it ' s activated is it
228. of the time yeah i have to turn ours round i won ' t have those sometimes it comes on on its own does it? yeah oh yeah what ' s looking at you? the camera the camera sometimes on your if you sit at your computer i just want to cover it up sometimes that camera is there in your face sometimes er the the light comes on and it ' s activated is it? just
229. on on its own does it? yeah oh yeah what ' s looking at you? the camera the camera sometimes on your if you sit at your computer i just want to cover it up sometimes that camera is there in your face sometimes er the the light comes on and it ' s activated is it? just and there ' s sites you can go and you can get into anyone ' s computer and look
230. weird movement and you don ' t understand why like she ' s even doing it she just wears this clown mask but another funny bit she ' s doing it with her sister but she sets up the camera and it ' s like only her her sis like off camera to the side amazing but then she ' s like this clown and then she just gets gets geared up to do like a massive like head drop
231. s even doing it she just wears this clown mask but another funny bit she ' s doing it with her sister but she sets up the camera and it ' s like only her her sis like off camera to the side amazing but then she ' s like this clown and then she just gets gets geared up to do like a massive like head drop she just like whacks herself into the tv and then
232. that is amazing and i used to do it i used to go to shops and just stack like arrange stuff on shelves and i really believed that i ' d get seen on cctv and scouted camera and someone would scout me and it would be like you ' re really good at that and that ' s like genuinely how i thought you got jobs it ' s so depressing i wasn ' t like
234. see there ' s two of them and like you ' ve gotta get back into the take your turret if you left - click there you can look at it oh no you you haven ' t got camera lock on never mind gotta play it with camera lock erm yeah i appreci er you er even you don ' t know quite every single like well i i ' ve got there now but i
235. you ' ve gotta get back into the take your turret if you left - click there you can look at it oh no you you haven ' t got camera lock on never mind gotta play it with camera lock erm yeah i appreci er you er even you don ' t know quite every single like well i i ' ve got there now but i don ' t know which champion beats which champion
236. as well yeah just coming up to the average ones here does it mean average speed? yeah so you erm it never heard of that so you clock er down so he ' ll er er this camera this camera erm coming up on the right yeah will clock our speed going and the one at the end will clock and take an average if we ' re over thirty odd it will get a speeding ticket
237. yeah just coming up to the average ones here does it mean average speed? yeah so you erm it never heard of that so you clock er down so he ' ll er er this camera this camera erm coming up on the right yeah will clock our speed going and the one at the end will clock and take an average if we ' re over thirty odd it will get a speeding ticket oh fair
238. be o being overtaken by bicycles yeah it ' s difficult to stay at twenty isn ' t it it would be a bit ridiculous yeah oh so thirty is the is the yeah fair enough now the camera is back there i think so you can speed up a bit so i mean it ' s never one i don ' t i got shot when i got in once because i ' d heard there was cameras
239. term but i was coming home this way every time and i was thinking jesus christ you get so used to the route every day you don ' t think about it you know where the gatso camera is yeah well so you didn ' t take any notice i think additional signing and that but fortunately i never got caught so i ' m alright you obviously drive well enough regardless of knowing that the cameras were
245. just sold him as a hamster? well no he ain ' t got a tail has he? but very funny hamster bet this guy fucking legs it he ' s gonna leg it seen the camera has he seen the camera? dunno this could actually be real though couldn ' t it? eleven - year - old girl coming round back he ' s got a bottle of wine he ' s got
246. hamster? well no he ain ' t got a tail has he? but very funny hamster bet this guy fucking legs it he ' s gonna leg it seen the camera has he seen the camera? dunno this could actually be real though couldn ' t it? eleven - year - old girl coming round back he ' s got a bottle of wine he ' s got a bottle of fucking wine
250. but there you go but erm he you know wro thalberg was a a rewriting you you ' d rewrite the script like fifteen times you know before even think about setting up a camera up and thalberg he was only he died when he was thirty - seven i think you know so he must have been in his thirties just a young kid who ' s head of head of mgm studios
251. the i need to stop the babies from getting bitten by the crab it sounds you sound like a perfect dad already yeah i also need to stop them from going in the picture really up close to the camera whenever i get back that was cos that happens you ' re too close like crawling? mm no that really happened in cos there ' s a kid info which erm you see there ' s
252. ' s what? kid info there ' s a kid info where you see your kids when they were babies and in it there was one where erm like every single child ' s running towards the camera? yeah and going towards the camera like this no running towards the camera cos they can walk by then yeah it ' s like starting from a baby and then getting older to where they are and so
253. ' s a kid info where you see your kids when they were babies and in it there was one where erm like every single child ' s running towards the camera? yeah and going towards the camera like this no running towards the camera cos they can walk by then yeah it ' s like starting from a baby and then getting older to where they are and so it was like and so it was
254. see your kids when they were babies and in it there was one where erm like every single child ' s running towards the camera? yeah and going towards the camera like this no running towards the camera cos they can walk by then yeah it ' s like starting from a baby and then getting older to where they are and so it was like and so it was like this no and they were like
255. damn sure of it they continued to enforce that yeah that ' s bad what was it? i didn ' t see someone ' s turned that sign round oh fff interesting really harsh put a speed camera at the bottom here yeah nice what? cow legs yes it is rather that ' s the kind of one where there ' s you know if massive herd of cows in middle of road stop yeah i think
256. exam but she did say she was gonna make sure yeah that we all know exactly what we ' re saying before mm we go into the exam and you can have a practice before the run through on camera oh so we ' re all gonna know she s so don ' t worry about all these different signing like should just learn the ones that are relevant to you so if you like oh to read books oh
257. in art have that in art? yeah what do you mean? mm we have that in art what a screen so you can see what the teacher ' s doing? well they ' ve got a camera above the work really? yes i find that quite surprising don ' t look at me like i ' m from mars what like was at in our like er so across but er if i w so you
272. i ' m always erm the one that gets least always says that he says you make me laugh he was like i i look on facebook and he was like you you ' re always behind the camera yeah it is nice that way i think cos like well it happened a few times lately well once you get to once you get a point to a certain point it stops being enjoyable doesn ' t it
273. wheeling me out one of these days you ' ll be lucky well you could carry me out in the wastepaper basket i mean it ' s a great shame there wasn ' t anybody there with a camera it it ' s i sat there and i thought this is daft and i actually started to laugh well but you were lucky that you didn ' t crack your head on the wall or something at that
276. mama or your dad would stand at the door and that ' s the k that ' s the front door and that ' s the kitchen and encourage you to walk so they were well prepared with the camera up there erm you is that you? uhu you were always a lively happy child yes you were and had a great laugh and a sense of humour a fantasti you ' ve had you
277. what the title of the book was? if i did it yeah yeah the if was like a hologram genuinely honestly yeah you know that that went off and got his autograph in front of the camera on like a red carpet thing got his autograph turned to the camera opened it up and it said i did it signed by oj simpson cos he was done i think er an appeal and he
278. the if was like a hologram genuinely honestly yeah you know that that went off and got his autograph in front of the camera on like a red carpet thing got his autograph turned to the camera opened it up and it said i did it signed by oj simpson cos he was done i think er an appeal and he won that appe what ' s that thing called when they can '
279. turning yes you turn left at the second set of traffic lights in the town so you go pretty much past all the shops then? cos the first set on the downhill and there ' s that camera isn ' t there? yes yes yes so you go past the first set and the camera yes and then you go sort of down into a valley don ' t you? through a set of pedestrian crossing
280. pretty much past all the shops then? cos the first set on the downhill and there ' s that camera isn ' t there? yes yes yes so you go past the first set and the camera yes and then you go sort of down into a valley don ' t you? through a set of pedestrian crossing ones by specsavers yes by specsaver that ' s the second light okay and
281. s very unlikely that there ' s gonna be a problem with the wire er er it makes you dizzy doesn ' t it? it does yeah that would make oh we didn ' t we forgot the camera again oh oh why are we always forgetting the camera? dunno it ' s a good cos that ' s quite a weird illusion it ' s making me dizzy yeah let ' s get through here
282. problem with the wire er er it makes you dizzy doesn ' t it? it does yeah that would make oh we didn ' t we forgot the camera again oh oh why are we always forgetting the camera? dunno it ' s a good cos that ' s quite a weird illusion it ' s making me dizzy yeah let ' s get through here can you here those guns going off? we could
286. national gallery that i need to do a project on the art oh right with yeah er the fighting temeraire sorry? the fighting temeraire oh fighting temeraire that ' s er yes oh because it ' s on camera and i want to see that is that where you got some? got and erm three for erm two weeks later in yes fair enough yeah sweet yeah it ' s being dragged away to be broken
288. of socio historical reference to like er delineate for me space what do you mean space? like the construction of space so the filmic space of th at the area of in front of the camera the camera like the not like the space between the spectator and the screen not how the spectator engages with the cinema and that no but the actual setting of the scenes and the spaces but the actual yeah setting
289. historical reference to like er delineate for me space what do you mean space? like the construction of space so the filmic space of th at the area of in front of the camera the camera like the not like the space between the spectator and the screen not how the spectator engages with the cinema and that no but the actual setting of the scenes and the spaces but the actual yeah setting well it
290. actual setting of the scenes and the spaces but the actual yeah setting well it would be called like the m the mise en sene but it ' s literally you know if you put like a camera in the corner like the jargon and ev like everything ' s there language going on yeah that somehow was it interesting? yeah it wasn ' t it wasn ' t like the research was really interesting yeah
291. smashes and i was like yeah and then it smashes it ' s like a glass bottle oh in his arse and then and then it just shatters but the thing is is ththe camera angle horrible the camera is obviously on the floor so oh like his legs are kind of akin but you can ' t see like above here you can obviously see the bottom disappearing his arse and then you
292. was like yeah and then it smashes it ' s like a glass bottle oh in his arse and then and then it just shatters but the thing is is ththe camera angle horrible the camera is obviously on the floor so oh like his legs are kind of akin but you can ' t see like above here you can obviously see the bottom disappearing his arse and then you see it shutter and
293. movies it was like a swiss film crew follow this postal killer that goes around and he he the killer ' s like very you know kind of charismatic and like he ' s talking like to the the camera and stuff but he basically goes round and steals from old women and rapes them and stuff and like it ' s pretty graphic and stuff and he eventually goes on and he kills the film crew like the
295. ? i know i know what? are you saying i know? yeah alright i ' m just warning you cos i used to live down here on the left and there was oh right a speed camera outside my house yeah i it ' s there i used to watch people getting caught all the time i ' ve been had by it once really? so never again yep that ' s well not really getting
296. photographed it actually let ' s see if i can show you that without bollocksing up the recording let ' s have a look oh yeah it ' s still recording that ' s good okay camera roll yeah i did here are look oh no that ' s not the one okay is it that one? no it ' s not that one no he ' s got a lot of interesting things to say
298. me if i ' m sure i ' m not pregnant again at the ch at the christening oh she better not i ' ll say er how about a smile? yeah yeah you should point the camera smile smile smile oh no yes no it ' s going to be great standing up in a church oh could the godparents please come forward? yes that ' ll be my sister and our friends mm
299. t know or maybe it ' s so secret that they haven ' t built a road i ' m sure there was supposed to be a footpath oh well we ' ll have to wait for our camera won ' t we so there ' s no point trying to get over to the church when you you know it would be like some hammer horror thing i mean this is road i wonder if this erm
300. yeah fly out at once all huh like waterfalls that ' s butterflies all over it yeah that ' d be nice mm yeah i think it ' s all a load of mcdonald ' s and turn the camera round mm they would wouldn ' t they you know mcdonald ' s yeah madagascar as well that ' s meant to be er oh yeah madagascar is unique yeah yeah it broke off from india and all the species
323. they ' ve got well they ' ve got like she said they ' ve got cctv all around the house and a thing so that when you come through the gate it like there ' s a camera so you they can see who you are and stuff what was that? what? she said that to an article? no no she said that in one of her videos she said we ' ve got cc
324. they had cameras everywhere and she also said that cos when jim went to hers she was like i haven ' t seen that vlog yet she said erm erm we ' ve got a camera so we can see who ' s coming up the dri i wouldn ' t want to live in such a mm a big house if i was like a big family then okay mm but like and jo
326. go any slower he ' s a local he can do what he wants we ' re in the car with you it says thirty here and there ' s speed cameras haven ' t seen a single speed camera since we got here well there ' s a picture there saying so yeah what do you people talk about on yours? all sorts of stuff they sit in the car nagging their fathers i should imagine is
327. really bad of course you couldn ' t say well i saw a police car doing this speed recently you know well you could you could if you ' d actually caught it if you had it on video camera or yeah you ' re either on you ' re not unless you are you ' re by the traffic acts which does actually apply to you unless you ' re training or responding to an emergency yeah ah yes
335. a sweet out of his pocket did you see that? oh yes he did didn ' t he? yes he was sort of sitting there yeah and he went yeah like this and then they had a camera right on him mananged to managed to unwrap it in his pocket yeah exactly yeah and then yeah and then then pop it in his mouth didn ' t he? yeah mm but the camera was
336. camera right on him mananged to managed to unwrap it in his pocket yeah exactly yeah and then yeah and then then pop it in his mouth didn ' t he? yeah mm but the camera was there yeah mm it was wasn ' t it? on him all the time i think it was cos he was sitting behind the speaker weren ' t he? yeah uhu mm god it '
337. got nominated didn ' t win it no er i saw the i saw the picture like the poster in some in oscar - nominated it ' s just the thing he ' s just like erm the camera went up to him afterwards and he was just like oh piss off really? acting like a he was he was only joking oh right but er yeah acting pretty pissed benedict cumberbatch the maze runner
338. families with children who are eight to eleven i said that you were eight cos you are nearly eight erm this will include talking to schloppy which is the charac the puppet on camera taking part in some other family first activities erm and being on the receiving end of some bad jokes erm so yeah how exciting what if what happens if we find them funny? i ' m sure
342. the last drink to use up the c llocal currency and erm and you notice there are er there are two two erm when it when it when when it it ' s when the camera behaves itself erm erm and you notice there ' s two straws and a stirrer and this turned out to be the most expensive cup of coffee er i ' ve ever paid for it
343. like these er candle holder take it it ' s alright fucking ta go on fucking taking it should i should i? it ' s too naughty is there any cam? oh no there ' s a camera over there er to be fair he did he did watch it a lot the camera mm? apparently he watches it quite a lot so he ' s just watched you come in with er a bag will you
344. taking it should i should i? it ' s too naughty is there any cam? oh no there ' s a camera over there er to be fair he did he did watch it a lot the camera mm? apparently he watches it quite a lot so he ' s just watched you come in with er a bag will you fight or flight? will you? you and go running off don ' t i
349. yeah yeah erm yeah so it ' s yeah it ' s a thriller in that sense yeah and if yeah yeah you then sort of wanna turn around and say okay we ' re gonna pan the camera over the ruins okay you get some fucking footage of a russia or a yeah er whatever and yeah tart it up with yeah photoshop or whatever you ' re gonna do well you see that ' s
350. internet there ' s a tank of butane gas thirtthirty tonne tank of butane gas involved in a derailment in america uhu that blows up okay it blew the camera off its tripod a mile away right that ' s pretty cool erm yeah that must look really amazing that is yeah the the yeah the actual petrol tank it was weighed six tonnes was blown shit three
351. i love a happy one i know emoji oh my god emoji her arms are tiny mm i know she ' s how short her skirt is though like yeah she ' s house on camera cos ah is this his house? oh i love that dress she never has she never has her arms covered does she? no i ' m not being funny but if you looked like that yeah you
352. i was driving back from somewhere i don ' t know where i was driving back from oh yeah through and i was daydreaming and i realised i was going at forty just where the speed camera is over those lines so i slowed down but i don ' t know if i did fast enough unfortunately i also found out that my tax had run out the day before so if i do catch me so
353. down but i don ' t know if i did fast enough unfortunately i also found out that my tax had run out the day before so if i do catch me so i ' m hoping the speed camera hasn ' t caught a lot of them don ' t have film in yeah i ' m hoping that hasn ' t happened it ' s bad enough them catching me speeding but it ' s also bad if
361. ' s just like how man fucks nature basically you know building this well building buildings in the middle of the desert yeah it just seems so artificial yeah and so abhorrent erm okay speed camera what was the speed limit? er seventy speed of the car in front that ' s pointing the other way anyway erm what was i gonna say? i know loads of people who live in dubai loads
362. champion blah de blah david someone or other he ' s vegan uhu erm yeah there are quite a lot it ' s thought that erm your body gets more energy like oh a speed camera pure energy the closer your food is to er sunshine so like uhu raw vegetables are meant to be the best yeah i alkaline and just yeah close to sunshine i ' ve read or i watched
363. sso minor that in the second car there was hardly any damage done mm whatsoever yeah er and none of the traffic had apparently been moving very rapidly er the and then the police is saying to the camera you know because all the people in the ca in the car the the back car were complaining of neck ache and as er this policeman sort of gritting his teeth said mm you know clearly mm they '
364. now they ' ve got them you know doing all sorts of things that perhaps the academics themselves are not all that comfortable with yes of course you know not necessarily you want to sit in front of a camera no and talk about how great you are i mean some do no yes but some don ' t i mean no i but they also don ' t want their face no and it ' s it ' s
366. ' s just he doesn ' t talk very much not like you or i we could never shut up he can s go a very long time without saying anything he that ' s why i stuck the camera out just to to give me something to do to me this is hilarious okay it ' s nearly finished you can see the car ' s slowing down alright that ' s the end that ' s the end
370. to ask for evidence irrefutable evidence and that was what the scole experiment was designed to do what what what sort of monitor what did they set up in the room? erm heat camera presumably? there were heat cameras but it had to be done in the dark why? erm because those on the other side things particularly where they were transferring in transferring images they wouldn ' t be able
371. yeah but i it didn ' t just didn ' t seem real yeah i know i think when they do stuff like that as well it ' s very it ' s like clearly there ' s a camera there clearly like yeah there ' s nothing it ' s not there ' s n do you know what i mean? there ' s no na i know i know they like ah you try and make it
373. ve heard of his but the leading block architecture er architect and er erm it was closed uhu and er well and i i suddenly saw that was with er two of her colleagues with a a camera and recording equipment er and i i ' d i went over to her and i said hello what are you doing here? she said i ' m making a programme and i said really? she said why
381. ' s rubbish it ' s like set on this kind of american idol things but basically this guy ' s like a terrorist and he ends up like killing himself and all these people by walking towards the camera and like pressing the button it ' s stupid it ' s really what ' s that? it ' s absolutely a pants american dreams or something stupid what ' s the worst film you ' ve ever watched
382. other c possible logic could be that if you dropped to a fifty then to a forty you ' re more likely to obey the forty through the village but no er i ' d have thought a speed camera would ' ve done that far more effectively i was gonna say it ' s a little bit kind of er ridiculous bit excessive mm but to be honest er it ' s generally sufficiently busy such that if you
383. cause? oh mm mm mm mm death in paradise tonight did it finish alright last week? i fell asleep on the sofa as i predicted you didn ' t predict the end i did you never the camera was left on a on a on a a timing timer so it took every oh right photograph of the oh yeah i do remember you saying something like that yeah mm and then bloke went in the
384. left on a on a on a a timing timer so it took every oh right photograph of the oh yeah i do remember you saying something like that yeah mm and then bloke went in the camera man went in and murdered the woman oh erm australia is the answer to that one oh yeah oh crikey isn ' t it? rbs? it ' s yes is that what the six
385. eating leave me in peace and get out of my face and the whole purpose of the video is to try and make people feel guilty about saying no mm and then it was revealed that they were on camera but i think you know no fuck off i ' m eating uhu yeah it ' s like someone er you know people who go round tables in krakow for example and ask for money mm you know and
386. plane in taipei? another one that another one crashed the vi the video i haven ' t seen the video no i ' m like jesus it ' s on facebook like the dashcam the er dashboard camera in someone ' s car they ' re going along like the freeway or the highway or whatever and you see the plane coming in from the top left of the screen the one that crashed? and it '
388. wa we ' re gonna be americans yeah we we ' re stuck in that now er there ' s already a division between the teams oh top secret well look at that show some of it to a camera if you this is top secret so we ' ll come back to that it ' s sealed shall i shall it remain sealed? erm yes i mean it ' s a secret so you shouldn ' t
389. is like an ikea kitchen er demonstration fuck oh wow wow okay yeah and and the boards i ' m guessing we have er we get the world out well and you see the ec there roll the camera it is bigger right the world yeah they ' ve grown er they ' ve grown one haven ' t they? overpopulation yeah that ' s us that ' s alright isn ' t it? you
394. yeah i feel hollow do you ever get that feeling? oh huh yeah i just feel a bit hollow oh huh i took a photograph of my injuries again oh huh yeah i was really quick before the camera went off i was just like yeah quick go go go go i ' ve gotta find that charger i wonder if i i ' ve had one every day now a photo? done a photo every day
395. photograph oh so you ' ve gotta go and sit in the booth and babies must not be holding toys or using dummies children under six years old do not have to be looking directly at the camera or have a neutral expression thanks for that children under one year old do not need to have their eyes open if their head is supported by a hand the hand must not be visible in the photo oh that
398. suppose competitions now so if he ' s judging you can do anything within the realms of computers arty it ' s when i did general studies a level right? one of the questions was er the camera never lies yeah discuss yeah you ' ve told me that before yeah hey i haven ' t i i haven ' t heard this and apparently cameras just do nothing but lie yeah honestly? well he just said
401. ' s do some trial ones like just stand there and i ' ll okay i ' ll take a good er right we don ' t want too much chest that ' s obviously it changed through the camera oh send that one that ' s good that like yeah i reckon the the yeah they ' ll be happy with that no that ' s cool see okay so you didn ' t we get no you didn
402. know where it ' s like a hundred quid a a jumper or something? and erm so and it was an awful jumper it was it was called on air and the idea it had a camera in the jumper it was just a terrible idea right and it lit up it lit up? right and and the guy giving the pitch like the the team leader like giving the pitch to them he he like
403. years so yeah yes that ' s definitely a great tit that i ' m seeing now it ' s it ' s behaving itself now is it? yes it ' s looking into the camera watch the birdie erm well i ' ve got some the thing that i ' ve got in a squirrel proof thing is sunflower kernels and they really go for those and they always go in
404. s a good bloke but actually be quite excited about it if you could actually get somebody get somebody feeling quite excited about being papaparticipant in something wow that will show on the camera of course erm we will have to play it out and see how it goes well you ' ve got a big job love yeah i know erm you ' ve got a lot of things to think
405. they ' re gonna run out of ideas very soon i was talking to on the train she said it ' s not about sticking an acad academic in front of a at a fucking computer er sorry camera camera yeah yeah i know that and getting them to talk at the camera that ' s that ' s old style mooc yes that ' s not where we ' re going we ' re going further much
406. ' re gonna run out of ideas very soon i was talking to on the train she said it ' s not about sticking an acad academic in front of a at a fucking computer er sorry camera camera yeah yeah i know that and getting them to talk at the camera that ' s that ' s old style mooc yes that ' s not where we ' re going we ' re going further much further
407. on the train she said it ' s not about sticking an acad academic in front of a at a fucking computer er sorry camera camera yeah yeah i know that and getting them to talk at the camera that ' s that ' s old style mooc yes that ' s not where we ' re going we ' re going further much further than that we ' re gonna go into the realm of edu

Cluster 2
1. well soil kept appearing you should have got a camera and there was nothing it was just and i suddenly saw the soil i dunno what made me look do you know if you ' d had a camera and a mole just started the countryfile calendar now this piece of soil popped out this popped up yeah and i carried on watching it for about fifteen minutes wow and it gradually got bigger got about that
2. that ' s when our life started i guess actually i think it ' s pretty much i think it ' s when like we had digital cameras no yeah it ' s when i i started getting my camera ah and i ' ve got a lots lots of ones from usually of food i ' ve got one of a pestle and mortar with ground up sesame seeds in it do you pestle or pestle
3. reduces it to about five oh really yeah i guess i ' m better at taking photographs of fireworks than you which you may well be surprises me greatly um it ' s a matter of just holding the camera st still but if you use an iphone then basically adjusts it basically assumes that you ' re just taking things randomly and takes it well but if you ' re taking a digital with a with a professional
4. still but if you use an iphone then basically adjusts it basically assumes that you ' re just taking things randomly and takes it well but if you ' re taking a digital with a with a professional camera no i i think digital camera shots that can come out not blurred i guess it ' s just cos i take so many okay i think i just take way many more than you at firework displays
5. iphone then basically adjusts it basically assumes that you ' re just taking things randomly and takes it well but if you ' re taking a digital with a with a professional camera no i i think digital camera shots that can come out not blurred i guess it ' s just cos i take so many okay i think i just take way many more than you at firework displays could be that ' s another
7. as if they say like what are you doing up here eh by yourself? eh even you ' re not going to work we were just staying in for the day especially the fact that i had my camera bag and my tripod eh they could obviously see why i was there but i think it still the weather was that bad and a single track road where the gritters don ' t go i think they
8. waterfront and i was setting up my my tripod and a few other things and this robin came and landed on the wall we had my bag so right close by this point i ' d had the camera out and it was probably about as close as we are across this table that ' s how close it was so i kinda stopped stayed still and not to make any movements in case it did managed to take
9. cloud eh snow yeah well it changes so fast there i mean we ' ve experienced that as well didn ' t we? yeah so i went down to the shoreline on opposite side just set up the camera and just kinda stood there for about half an hour watching the kinda wind change the landscape so i ' ve got a few of those pictures that they ' re going onto the website today so you ' ll
10. ' ll respond don ' t you? um no it it well it uses er half radar half um tut tu tu tu tu a um it ' s got an er it ' s got a camera er like a video camera mm and it has image processing so it can tell if a shape on the camera looks like a person and if it thinks you ' re about to hit it um it brakes the
11. t you? um no it it well it uses er half radar half um tut tu tu tu tu a um it ' s got an er it ' s got a camera er like a video camera mm and it has image processing so it can tell if a shape on the camera looks like a person and if it thinks you ' re about to hit it um it brakes the car automatically um and deploy
13. and i know i ' m a bit picky with things like that a bit extreme manners wise but well no there ' s i think it ' s you know standards have slipped so much that actually camera huh did you take photos? took some photographs i took some on here oh and then will you show me? took more did he? so he could e - mail them to me on his special special
14. for all the wizards oh that do you know i kept thinking my bum feels a bit wet it ' s because i was sat on the frigging well not surprised uh so did you find the camera alright to use? i ' ve only used it once yeah i mean when i was when i went to croatia i can ' t really use cameras anyway fine um i ' m a bit crap oh action
15. my fed up face oh on the way home shattered now don ' t wanna go home yeah and then that ' s sleeping on the way home sleeping snoozing yeah but took loads on his camera so he can e - mail me up mm e - mail me up with the good stuff winner i ' m totally gonna put one as my profile picture of us both together just just out of spite really
20. ' s things like ringtones? where ' s the obvious? where ' s the the the normal stuff? like great that i can sync to facebook but yeah how do i yeah what the hell camera great what was it that i was doing? gallery photos live in the gallery right winner right what was i looking for? ring tones ring tones yeah i wanna hear what ' s on there uh well no
21. watch mm anything on it it ' s rubbish well it is from here yeah yeah i don ' t think even from here i ' ve what ' s that red light up there? mm? a camera is it? it ' s the yeah oh it is it ' s a camera must be an infrared yeah look look look the infrared camera it ' s switched off now oh did you read in the paper
22. i don ' t think even from here i ' ve what ' s that red light up there? mm? a camera is it? it ' s the yeah oh it is it ' s a camera must be an infrared yeah look look look the infrared camera it ' s switched off now oh did you read in the paper in erm in plymouth they ' ve erm they ' ve put these signs
23. what ' s that red light up there? mm? a camera is it? it ' s the yeah oh it is it ' s a camera must be an infrared yeah look look look the infrared camera it ' s switched off now oh did you read in the paper in erm in plymouth they ' ve erm they ' ve put these signs oh no not in the pa er put a post on
29. much it would cost my gosh i don ' t know if it ' s any good for you but i know you ' re doing photography and i thought okay i ' ll just get you a camera strap oh it ' s so shiny the camera has a strap but i reckon i could use this like a bag like any better or anything which one actually is it? thank you great er er i no
30. ' t know if it ' s any good for you but i know you ' re doing photography and i thought okay i ' ll just get you a camera strap oh it ' s so shiny the camera has a strap but i reckon i could use this like a bag like any better or anything which one actually is it? thank you great er er i no oh thank you i was looking at how much
31. so they had a clear picture of her and they had a picture of her attempting to assault you? it carries on cooking erm yeah yeah yeah there was so that that was have you got a camera at the front of your shop then that caught her? no no well which camera? it wasn ' t very good just cameras everywhere but they are very blurred and very they are not accurate no well cameras
35. yeah so if it reacts to my mm oh oh oh well right got to the right screen press the button come on that ' s not gonna help it right alarm bbc weather backup bluetooth share calendar camera dropbox facebook oh that ' s not right gallery that is part of the mm google mail guardian app why do they all start up? maps market and they ' re all running from the start? messages
41. i was i suppose it ' s like a lot of work to do those though what? it ' s a lot of work to do those though but you live in la and get to get a camera and walk around yeah yeah that ' s how it is you ' ll find a story louis i suppo i suppose like what was the what was the first one? the dogs with the dogs that
47. look at the moon shots they are fantastic yeah yeah beautifully posed they ' re everyeverything ' s done uh - huh the er light readings are just perfect amazing erm and they had this camera attached which were just they would just basically point their chest in the vague direction of whatever they were looking at smile yeah and they all came out brilliantly but there are er there are there are n a
48. have landed on the moon but they faked the photographs okay but i do believe they didn ' t do any of that was there moving film footage as well? yes of later well there was a camera attached to erm oh okay the side of the er or the moon er of the landing buggy mm mm er landing craft er but that could you know it could you could shoot any of that in
52. give me one back again mm so in the meantime i ' ve just got a pay as you go that just sends messages and they ' re so but they texts it hasn ' t even got a camera and actually i ' m thinking but that ' s all you need do you know what? exactly i quite like it i agree but alison my girlfriend has got a er iphone and they ' re fantastic i
53. ' s cold colours yeah and a camel yeah which you associate with a desert i don ' t know how i took that it was just the light at the time but it looks just the way the camera i ' m sure everybody would think oh it ' s just photoshop they ' ve made it blue yeah but it just came out like that didn ' t it? yeah it ' s almost a shame
54. spying i was in he was in the nineteenth hole in the bar i was enjoying myself there were women there was dancing of course there was i ' m les les vegas vegas i happen to have a camera it happened to have a long distance lens mm hm i saw my good friend valen valentino and you think that i ' m just the mood took me if you go was giuseppe there? i p
57. mean if you want to get you can buy it in metre lengths or two metre lengths you can yeah yeah or you can buy it in five metres yeah which is which is good doing anything with your camera this week or just? haven ' t done much at all i took you know i was showing you some of the bits i took and you ' ll be able to see it just finish my tea very
60. that something happened to yeah i yeah it started erm to leaking it started to leaking erm and i i lost a few but but my brother it turns out had taken six hundred photographs on one camera so shit it ' s not the same as your own photographs though of your holiday but no i mean at least least he got some no i i i still have a fair number on one camera right er
61. one camera so shit it ' s not the same as your own photographs though of your holiday but no i mean at least least he got some no i i i still have a fair number on one camera right erm but but not on the other one right so this is this is in the matobo hills which is a world heritage site largely it ' s a combination of the the this basalt gold
62. s erm just just great but they they tell me that in peak flow the water would be coming over here as well wow and if the wind is coming you wouldn ' t want to take your camera out you ' d get drenched because you ' d probably probably get drenched yeah superb yeah just superb i i i i enjoyed printing those off and well making the selections i should say you sent them away to
63. want to capture it but you ' re cycling and does it take a video or a it ' s a vide it ' s basically it ' s a snapshot? it ' s a video camera but it it gopro ' s are designed for like extreme sports so like snowboarders sometimes attach them to like their helmets or mm or or skiers or i wonder how long it it films for
65. ' s it ' s as big as that and when you think how big how big you can get a dvd player now yeah yeah yeah well we got a dvd player that big that came with our camera it came with the camara when we first bought our camera didn ' t it? yeah free with the camera a dvd player and that ' s a little flick up job you stick your dvd in and
66. think how big how big you can get a dvd player now yeah yeah yeah well we got a dvd player that big that came with our camera it came with the camara when we first bought our camera didn ' t it? yeah free with the camera a dvd player and that ' s a little flick up job you stick your dvd in and play it we haven ' t used it we haven ' t
67. player now yeah yeah yeah well we got a dvd player that big that came with our camera it came with the camara when we first bought our camera didn ' t it? yeah free with the camera a dvd player and that ' s a little flick up job you stick your dvd in and play it we haven ' t used it we haven ' t used it that ' s another thing you see was
68. s see our birds oh i swi oh it is on that ' s on mm you haven ' t seen it before have you? you haven ' t them have you? what? got the camera in the box it ' s on the on the dairy wall mm and er oh what ' s happened to it? what ' s happened to it? would the power cut have upset it? oh probably
73. s hard isn ' t it? what would he buy us and all then? well he buys brilliant presents like that bird oh could we do something like that? what a bird feeder? no the camera for the birds to see the birds he ' s got one upgrade it to colour? no he ' s got it in colour has he? yeah oh gosh always in colour but they can ' t
76. yeah don ' t walk in front of a car you ' re not going to win are they? but if you hit them you ' re in the wrong i have a camera oh you have a camera? yeah to laugh about it afterwards in slow motion cold playback hey dickheads i was on before er there ' s a video on youtube not on youtube well it is on youtube but i saw it on
77. laugh though i reckon i was one of the only people to make her laugh yeah she ' s like making myself laugh oh my god is that a selfie is that? yes it is with my camera i thought i thought that was a good photo mm? what ' s going on there? he won ' t let you on there it ' s why is he touching my he ' s got his what
78. the elephant like just flick through the pictures and often they ' re no people pictures right yeah yeah but yeah i mean i could do it i love i love er ' s pictures she took a proper camera not getting them i reckon i i ' d be able to i reckon all the photos of you are deleted though could be all photos of her are deleted i think they still remain on facebook but not on
80. and see see if you ' ve got any like labelled clothes for example mm you know mm yeah well not with my primani wardrobe but certainly i mean and i ' ve got things like a digital camera that i don ' t use now because i ' ve got my smart phone that but you will wanna take that with you if you went travelling though wouldn ' t you? or d you ' d want
81. ' t use now because i ' ve got my smart phone that but you will wanna take that with you if you went travelling though wouldn ' t you? or d you ' d want a digital camera well it ' s an eight mega - pixel camera which is what my phone is oh really? but i suppose i wouldn ' t be able to use my phone so that ' s actually quite a good
82. smart phone that but you will wanna take that with you if you went travelling though wouldn ' t you? or d you ' d want a digital camera well it ' s an eight mega - pixel camera which is what my phone is oh really? but i suppose i wouldn ' t be able to use my phone so that ' s actually quite a good point i mean it i mean those sorts of things
83. d been out the night before and got drunk and i ' d got spots as well and i tried to cover them up with a bit of foundation and this woman ' s got the most clearest camera ever in the world obviously oh how upsetting so not only did she get the moles in in the most amazing way she also got like the pores and the the bit of foundation there and like
84. at this one look at this one let ' s have a look sale sale sale sale oh dear if they ' re sending you that many if you don ' t want your battery to go put your camera away shush don ' t be so loud hello how are you? i ' m not doing too bad thank you alright? fine thank you hello it ' s not very good er may i have a
85. ##bia mm you can ' t stand up no no you can ' t no one can no don ' t think grandma could what ' s in that thing? have you seen what ' s on that camera yet? oh no i ' m not touching it i think you should what camera? there was a massive old camcorder down there oh is there? it ' s like like the one you used
86. can no don ' t think grandma could what ' s in that thing? have you seen what ' s on that camera yet? oh no i ' m not touching it i think you should what camera? there was a massive old camcorder down there oh is there? it ' s like like the one you used to film us on our holiday and stuff but bigger mm about this big mm down
87. do at the minute mm in everyday life i use a calculator every day at work in school when you ' re doing and you do don ' t you? invites i was gonna bring that camera to get pictures up on it customers ' invoices yeah but sometimes it was on a spreadsheet form a so it can choose it for you so it does was saying to us the other day
88. not got a green? that no i don ' t know i don ' t think it ' s supposed to go to flashing might go white what what is it? i don ' t know your camera? yeah that that camera i ' d imagine it ' d go green or it might oh might go red might off might go white well myther one when it needed charging it was red then it had
89. that no i don ' t know i don ' t think it ' s supposed to go to flashing might go white what what is it? i don ' t know your camera? yeah that that camera i ' d imagine it ' d go green or it might oh might go red might off might go white well myther one when it needed charging it was red then it had gone to green when it
90. it was charged but this one ' s not don ' t seem to be moving and it ' s that spare battery that was in the mm the pouch all you can do is plug it in your camera? and it says full fully charged then it must be fully charged you you don ' t plug you don ' t plug it in your camera love you put it in battery oh you just yeah what i
91. the pouch all you can do is plug it in your camera? and it says full fully charged then it must be fully charged you you don ' t plug you don ' t plug it in your camera love you put it in battery oh you just yeah what i ' m saying is my other camera when you plugged it in you charge it on a little deck oh you can ' t leave those few
92. then it must be fully charged you you don ' t plug you don ' t plug it in your camera love you put it in battery oh you just yeah what i ' m saying is my other camera when you plugged it in you charge it on a little deck oh you can ' t leave those few prawns le unless you don ' t you charge the battery up on its own yeah that
98. camera to take the seals they stink like mad don ' t they? the seals do? they really yeah and we got out there and i and i didn ' t have a memory stick in my camera well you you hadn ' t been down to then to see the seals no but no we haven ' t we keep meaning to go down there yeah we keep meaning to go down well the thing is they
100. what they ' re doing i ' ve s it ' s quite you see i don ' t talk to cos i haven ' t i ' ve gotta get i ' ve gotta find my my camera for my i don ' t know what i did with the camera for my skype yeah i see you ' re on skype but yeah but i haven ' t got a camera erm when the
101. you see i don ' t talk to cos i haven ' t i ' ve gotta get i ' ve gotta find my my camera for my i don ' t know what i did with the camera for my skype yeah i see you ' re on skype but yeah but i haven ' t got a camera erm when the computer went i tucked it somewhere safe and i haven ' t found
102. find my my camera for my i don ' t know what i did with the camera for my skype yeah i see you ' re on skype but yeah but i haven ' t got a camera erm when the computer went i tucked it somewhere safe and i haven ' t found it but but the erm but we ' re still sort of in touch cos i will post something and she
103. you take lots of pictures? we did yeah we took loads of pictures we haven ' t put them on the computer yet we ' re still mm yeah you can have a look on the on the camera can ' t he? you can if you want yeah i need my i need i actually need my glasses can ' t see much though oh yeah wait till we ' ve sorted them out or i can
104. a sort of stop animation thing with your lego oh yeah that ' s okay yours keeps on skipping moments remember sorry yours keeps on skipping moments do you remember? yes yeah it ' s not good my camera that ' s why i wanted to do it with mm it ' s already i don ' t know why it does skip actually very strange so is there anything you want to do in the next month or
105. in the you had cameras and everything all over the place and erm anyway we finally managed to get it into two bags and a re oh no wouldn ' t he refused point blank to put his camera in so we arrive and i said okay erm we ' ll see how we go and erm walk up to the nice little man at the thingy and he says oh would you like to have
106. like them they ' re really good they suck hopefully there ' ll be more well obviously there ' ll be more i need to hopefully you know if you get round to it i need to oh my camera ' s broken i need to call them you need to come down to cornwall and then we ' ll i ' ll take you to all the places yeah but it can ' t it takes five hours so
112. don ' t have kids well yeah it ' s too late now don ' t look after them well yeah yes yeah yeah but know what you hear from says that she hasn ' t even got a camera she ' s said there ' ll be fewer photos now so oh mm i said cicinderella and she said yeah that ' s what it is oh cos you know with the little baby obviously
113. roads we ' ve been on there have been dvla vans with cameras right erm obviously they must be checking for whether people have paid their tax or not so if they ' re using a camera i imagine they are using a database rather than the disc yes but i think in terms of something like an accident or erm what if erm a policeman ' s walking round on his duties it '
115. around the by this beautiful like moat amazing and and i told i said look dude i ' m gonna propose at some point yeah but you don ' t know when it ' s gonna be have the camera i ' m gonna give you the camera and say ah can you take a picture of and i and that ' ll be when it is oh but obviously the what? because you usually don ' t do
116. and and i told i said look dude i ' m gonna propose at some point yeah but you don ' t know when it ' s gonna be have the camera i ' m gonna give you the camera and say ah can you take a picture of and i and that ' ll be when it is oh but obviously the what? because you usually don ' t do that? no no no i ' m
117. scary film with all of the hidey holes in the garden yeah yeah there you go wait for it to get like dusky dusk is quite the best time go out in the garden with your video camera well i need to make a storyboard a little bit and think of the scenes mm you need the tripod just do it yeah you could stick th microphone outside and try and get some some um animal
118. it won ' t accept your fingerprint it will fucking bastards can i try? they might lock it straight i wish windows make a phone i like i like this one being bulky it ' s the camera though it ' s got a good camera what would piss me off a lot about having a phone is it doesn ' t sit still it ' s wonky yeah flat like that when i was watching reviews
119. it will fucking bastards can i try? they might lock it straight i wish windows make a phone i like i like this one being bulky it ' s the camera though it ' s got a good camera what would piss me off a lot about having a phone is it doesn ' t sit still it ' s wonky yeah flat like that when i was watching reviews on the internet before i bought the new
122. i was gonna say have you been into since you moved here but we were in tk maxx yeah to get this weren ' t we in? yeah yeah i plugged your computer in your camera into my computer mm and er i was like it wouldn ' t do it because there ' s no battery in your camera and i was like oh well i do it on mine so without the battery really
123. weren ' t we in? yeah yeah i plugged your computer in your camera into my computer mm and er i was like it wouldn ' t do it because there ' s no battery in your camera and i was like oh well i do it on mine so without the battery really? it wouldn ' t show up on mine you have to turn it on is the battery not back in it? what
124. with the battery then? no the battery is there ' s like the charge oh no power? yeah oh right well yeah normally when i plug in the computer it you go to the back of the camera i should have said and it says pc or what you ' re doing and you click okay on it what even when it ' s not on? yeah cos it ' s getting power from your computer
125. not on? yeah cos it ' s getting power from your computer cos it it just wouldn ' t do any it just said no battery and it just went black what on s on the camera? did you look on the camera screen? yeah yeah on the screen yeah it was just black oh right maybe it ' s not compatible with my well anyway we have a card reader so that ' s
126. ' s getting power from your computer cos it it just wouldn ' t do any it just said no battery and it just went black what on s on the camera? did you look on the camera screen? yeah yeah on the screen yeah it was just black oh right maybe it ' s not compatible with my well anyway we have a card reader so that ' s how i got them oh did the
127. it? well i took the card out and put it in my card reader after the what ' s a card reader? it ' s like a machine yeah where you take the card out of your camera yeah and you plug it in and it oh reads it so you can put it the pictures on your computer so then you ' ve plugged that machine in the yeah right cos it co cos
128. ten pound for my picture and then i said like i said i think we ' re and it was getting probably round about was that a polarpolaroid was it? no it was a digital camera then printed out oh right so it was a proper picture in a pack and everything and for fifteen pound you could have a fridge magnet and stuff like that oh yeah yeah all the seen it before now never
131. ' re not no i put my foot down you ' re not i can ' t change anything you like no mm mm mm mm going back a bit it ' s no good you have a new camera no going back to the art did you s did you watch the one on television? what the painting? yeah yeah it ' s good isn ' t it? yeah yeah it ' s quite good yeah
132. would have looked awful you needed to have a nice petite frame cos it was really kind of smooth it was gorgeous i ' ll show you the picture mm did you get the photos done from the camera? was it alright on? it didn ' t kill it? yes oh on your camera no i haven ' t tried that yet i did get the ones that erm sent that i cut on my
133. of smooth it was gorgeous i ' ll show you the picture mm did you get the photos done from the camera? was it alright on? it didn ' t kill it? yes oh on your camera no i haven ' t tried that yet i did get the ones that erm sent that i cut on my email that i couldn ' t open i opened it on firefox instead oh good ah
137. that ' s more yeah double click than i thought and then i ' ve got my calendar there messages there which is handy and contacts there yeah this is message this is calendar you have menu and then camera direct yeah go on what do you want me to? you can take pictures of ours taking pictures oh okay so yours on the control as well yeah the key oh yeah i haven ' t seen my picture
138. like this standard kitchen yeah yeah in in in any old little house but if they want to build these but it ' s got to be camerawork hasn ' t it most of it yeah that is camera work it has they use these wide - angled lenses but everywhere is so big isn ' t it? don ' t they as well yeah cos you can see the wide anglican lenses mm that bend the
139. them no i don ' t remember anyone taking them i ' m not very good with those ipads bit beyond no used to having cameras and that ' s it your grandma used to have a box camera oh right you could take them with that you could erm sell on i ebay get a big fortune for it oh it ' s funny i haven ' t got these ones it ' s a nice
140. is cos people were told not to smile no no no that ' s right no no it was different yeah they don ' t have a er photographer he used to have a big sheet over his camera in our days that ' s right yes yeah seems you have to get one those on e on ebay now i suppose probably yeah there you are no no well you ' re good you know about e
141. in a box somewhere i think i don ' t think i could do that for so i don ' t think i could drink for twelve hours now no cos we bought a disposable camera didn ' t we? yeah but yeah no i mean thothose are depressing read that list yeah christ ignorance is bliss i wouldn ' t like if i come home now i wouldn ' t go
144. this was quoted on twitter never on facebook cos it ' s easier to it ' s easier to see what ' s going on now as well with the mm em phones how good ' s your camera on your phone? my camera ' s not very good i ' ve got a big crack down it mine ' s got a three point two megapixel slash a s yeah see iphones aren
145. on facebook cos it ' s easier to it ' s easier to see what ' s going on now as well with the mm em phones how good ' s your camera on your phone? my camera ' s not very good i ' ve got a big crack down it mine ' s got a three point two megapixel slash a s yeah see iphones aren ' t great for their eh
146. which is quite good like if you ' ve got red eye you can take the you can take the red eye out of it yeah that ' s quite cool i ' d just rather use a digital camera than use my phone yeah i would yeah sort your photos out if it ' s on the phone if you ' ve only got to carry one thing yeah that ' s good though like the phone ' s
147. done with? disney man a what? disney man of what? and then erm oh yeah that what have you got? mm? what have you got? i know is i think er a camera stat i was going to say what have you got? but ' s sat right there what did you get? and are rivals i tried didn ' t realise they were rivals colouring book she wants one
150. out bloody pulling it away i ' m not pulling it away it ' s just there dear haven ' t gone anywhere look at the size of that daughter look mm i know don ' t have a camera didn ' t think to bring it look miles of it look i see why people come here to camp yeah plenty of campcaravans and what not that ' s what we should ' ve done brought
151. he oh my god if he actually l agrees to sending me clothes i will just be like hallelujah praise the lord for my clothes er nah nah nah nah i wish i ' d brought my camera with me so i could ' ve taken some like proper professional photos of you just like modelling the clothes and and then he ' d spend even more and he ' d be all like yeah exactly he '
155. i ' d think actually i want to understand where you ' re coming from hmm yeah it was um my copy might be at jord ' s but i need to go i need to get my camera from his anyway hello? british gas calling did i just see bebo there? no it ' s called badoo what ' s badoo? it ' s a webs the dating thing that i
157. and juts check you could just yeah just tell the pilot yes yeah go and check it out just just that way a bit towards eccles down a bit down a bit i ' d get your camera out photograph hover over on the roof yes yeah on a rope down on the ladder go down yeah keep a check on him your own version of goggle earth isn ' t it? just with the
161. said to do you think you could ask to just change the picture cos it was well wha i mean i ' ll come and take some great photos of it i ' ve got a good camera well we ' ve all got good cameras but yeah you know well if you ' ve got the time to do it you just make yeah yeah it ' s just the time thing erm just cos
165. s good went running saw some things mm what kind of things? erm we had a day at the coast which was quite nice mm in the sun taking your dad out to test his new shiny camera yeah oh i did a bit of running running? oh yeah how did your er? mm i dunno if it was worse knowing the course cos i in my head i was like oh this really
166. long distance like once a year with a kid on the roof to scotland or something wouldn ' t you? but i er so that ' s done gone crazy and spent most of his retirement money on camera lenses yeah excellent sounds sensible to me yeah oh hope he ' s alright is he gonna be like horrendously bored and at a loose end? i dunno for a while well there ' s
168. yeah oh you can ' t put a number in a router so i don ' t really understand how that works no mm oh you ' re taking photos oh it ' s got a much better camera on it than that other one oh i ' m becoming all modern got something else to learn it ' s not the latest blueberry it ' s been out a couple of years no have i said the
169. mouth wide open that was alright then taking that mm oh she ' s sitting up like that with her mouth open fast asleep with her glasses hanging down yeah i wish i ' d ' ve had my camera yeah you should ' ve taken a picture yeah oh dear i didn ' t wake up like that no well you must ' ve rolled over did you take my glasses off? no no he just left at
173. ' s just did you take a photo of that? yeah oh yeah yeah we took a photo of everything i took a photo of every it didn ' t come out very well on the on the camera oh so but yeah we took a photo of loads of stuff we found there ' s a crack in the window here as well there ' s a little crack in the window make you make your own tea
175. when i had that the i i think he must ' ve been the same guy they say he was like a tall older man mm like quite not old glasses but glass yeah that was him with a camera round his neck i don ' t think he had a camera this time oh he might ' ve done he had a camera i guess to take photos of but he see he was fine like he was like
176. been the same guy they say he was like a tall older man mm like quite not old glasses but glass yeah that was him with a camera round his neck i don ' t think he had a camera this time oh he might ' ve done he had a camera i guess to take photos of but he see he was fine like he was like it ' s all good condition it ' s fine i guess
177. man mm like quite not old glasses but glass yeah that was him with a camera round his neck i don ' t think he had a camera this time oh he might ' ve done he had a camera i guess to take photos of but he see he was fine like he was like it ' s all good condition it ' s fine i guess they ' re just looking at stuff that ' s like proper
178. put theem up tonight though no i know oh a big dragonfly now went flying past the window a what? dragonfly drago oh really? yeah you ' ll be chasing them with a camera now won ' t you? i ' ve got some good ideas for dragonflies now oh don ' t forget we got to pick out our pictures yeah yeah nice autumn pictures yeah them that erm ones
179. and he was like well yeah but i ' m in different sales i was i like a salesman can sell whatever it doesn ' t matter what the fuck he ' s selling i could sell a dead camera if you want me to and i ' ve only done sales for six years he ' s like yeah well that ' s good isn ' t it? twenty oh of fucks sake like seriously some people
181. he ' s better than you already there you are celebrating oh that ' s nice should have that celebrate good times come on it ' s lovely it ' s got a nice erm zoom on this camera it ' s a good little camera you have mummy you have to do it mummy that is good mummy you have to do it who ' s winning then? what ' s the score? two nil
182. there you are celebrating oh that ' s nice should have that celebrate good times come on it ' s lovely it ' s got a nice erm zoom on this camera it ' s a good little camera you have mummy you have to do it mummy that is good mummy you have to do it who ' s winning then? what ' s the score? two nil two nil? she ' s
184. that that three gig oh i don ' t know three no it ' s how many megapixels can you take you take now? it can take well anyway i remember putting it in the camera and thinking ooh sony it de it depends doesn ' t it? it depends yeah it depends what you want what you put your camera on cos you can take you can have it on flat you
185. ? it can take well anyway i remember putting it in the camera and thinking ooh sony it de it depends doesn ' t it? it depends yeah it depends what you want what you put your camera on cos you can take you can have it on flat you can even take pictures can ' t you? yeah fine did see a nice camera yesterday a cannon six hundred i ' ll tell you what
186. yeah it depends what you want what you put your camera on cos you can take you can have it on flat you can even take pictures can ' t you? yeah fine did see a nice camera yesterday a cannon six hundred i ' ll tell you what the new cannon ' s look brilliant they do they look lovely but i ' m not having one no no that ' s what we thought well a
187. ' t go to these exotic places why do you need them? look i need i need a big lens to take my budgies okay then buy an attachment for your telescope that you can put your camera to mm oh yeah that that would be good wouldn ' t it? it ' s not really ours but that ' s not really a telescope is it? that ' s a you just lift it you
188. t know how much well they i don ' t know suppose they cost much more than that do they? much more than twenty thirty quid if you just get the right attachment for it for your camera so yeah mm and then i ' ll take pictures of i mean the the birds out there this morning when i fed i fed them there was goldfinches chaffinches green finches blue tits grey
191. up there just now made that noise what ' s that? i don ' t know they are pretty aren ' t they they ' ve all come back get the er you will have to get the camera out and try and get some pictures of these they are quite nice aren ' t they we need to go to the bird sanctuary look they are all yes it is the time of year actually yeah they '
195. sees friends sounds like you both need to take up a hobby oh i ' m sure mum will now be on both of your cases yeah hold on i forgot my card after all that she got a camera for christmas a good camera for christmas i think she had the intention of starting to get into kind of taking photos but um i don ' t know like cos you know um s sarah and nathan from
196. both need to take up a hobby oh i ' m sure mum will now be on both of your cases yeah hold on i forgot my card after all that she got a camera for christmas a good camera for christmas i think she had the intention of starting to get into kind of taking photos but um i don ' t know like cos you know um s sarah and nathan from church they ' re both
197. photography and and um yeah i think she ' s kind of like um maybe i ' ll do that but i ' m not sure she has really what type has she got a sort of just digital camera or i ' m going to say this wrong pixilar? what ' s it called? snl? snl i don ' t know i don ' t know i don ' t know well
198. ' t know well i just know she got it for christmas but i don ' t think i ' ve ever seen it or it sh tells you what you need to know uh huh phil bought a camera the other day other month at church and he hasn ' t stopped using it he puts on facebook things like well they went on a men ' s weekend away and he came back with photos of toast and
206. quid imagine what like a thousand pound one does or two thousand well i don ' t know how much he paid for it she said she thought he ' d bought a good one although all his camera equipment and stuff ' s good i told you when erm when i was in america we went to erm the un one of the things oh no it was i think it was one of the things
207. got loads of pictures from the past oh i managed to get hold of them did you? mm i bet you didn ' t get one of me on there probably not i don ' t think the camera was invented then was it? no i don ' t think it was no ooh not digital ones anyway not digital oh no we went you ' ve seen them you we went through them yeah we did
208. don ' t know everyday words i think so yeah one point two yeah it ' s about words which are used generally and then the same type of the word is used fingertips academically like focus the camera or the focus of the essay it ' s the different meaning of the word focus oh my god i remember this i ' m sure i ' ve got a type out of this yeah yeah i mean it
209. do overspend a little bit i think sometimes mm some of the presents are like really excessive i mean how much how much do you spend on them? well one time i bought my cousin a camera i mean so i dunno how much that was probably about fifty quid or something but erm yeah yeah and like i got like a pair of like earrings like from claire ' s accessories and i
212. after the first hour of taking pictures of the guests dancing and the bride and groom oh yeah this and that and the other i ' m like that ' s enough but then i go to put the camera down and i think oh that would be a good shot and so you pick it up again yeah yeah which is exhausting for you yeah so are the pictures for the band or for the guest or for
213. all the pictures on a disk and send it to them oh brilliant free of charge so yeah that ' s nice there ' s not many bands that will do that no ah i should of brought my camera out i know we didn ' t bring ours either got it out today too where is it? it ' s back at the house oh do you want to go back and get it? or i mean
214. shall we walk back and get it? we can walk back and get it? have you got the keys? they ' ll be here for a little while yeah we ' re gonna go get the camera i forgot the camera it ' s not far back is it? it ' s only five minutes no it ' s nice yeah we ' ll get the camera can you get my glasses? as well do
215. and get it? we can walk back and get it? have you got the keys? they ' ll be here for a little while yeah we ' re gonna go get the camera i forgot the camera it ' s not far back is it? it ' s only five minutes no it ' s nice yeah we ' ll get the camera can you get my glasses? as well do you want some water
216. yeah we ' re gonna go get the camera i forgot the camera it ' s not far back is it? it ' s only five minutes no it ' s nice yeah we ' ll get the camera can you get my glasses? as well do you want some water? yeah bring some water i ' ll bring the bottle i ' ll bring a flask of water yeah do you want a picnic?
217. was completely broken because i bent it but it seems to be working bloody key isn ' t anywhere oil or something in it so we ' re getting cameras water sunglasses yeah yeah and then there ' s camera yeah where ' s my camera then? find out you didn ' t bring it with you down from bedford so do you see the your nieces and nephews often? your sister ' s children?
218. it but it seems to be working bloody key isn ' t anywhere oil or something in it so we ' re getting cameras water sunglasses yeah yeah and then there ' s camera yeah where ' s my camera then? find out you didn ' t bring it with you down from bedford so do you see the your nieces and nephews often? your sister ' s children? no considering they ' re around
219. that ' s true and if not and if he is home he can have the sofa sofa bed fight it out feel more comfortable hey little bit of water yeah there you go i ' ve brought a camera too jesus i ' m terrible at taking photos look what they ' ve got in parks nowadays zip lines and as in like you like taking photos or no i ' m terrible just oh no yeah i don
220. in the house do you wanna just have a look for me? thank you you lose them don ' t you there he is there oh yeah it ' s alright i ' ve seen him got my camera but i haven ' t taken any pictures yet no yeah i brought ours out you look fit fit yeah you ' ve always had like a triangular kind of shape yeah and broad shoulders yeah i can ' t
221. that he shouldn ' t be a children ' s yeah we had he ' s a really good photographer though and my job was to hold this flash and it was radio controlled so when he clicked the camera my flash would flash as well and normally another other person who is also there holds a flash but he could he could use me to do that he ' s fantastic oh and he said that because the photos
222. can if you put it easy on your shoulder like that i don ' t think you need to hi hold it so high either yeah but this is natural of us playing can hold it like a normal camera though be like this yeah yeah and that will be absolutely fine completely negate the for a stick pretend the camera ' s not there sure just act natural like okay er er so you could do that and
225. s complicated it now cos all of the previous software was just compatible with mp3 yeah and they can ' t play mp4 no so oh and my my um i don ' t know my little camera or both our little cameras record in mp4 mm mpeg mm and har there ' s hardly any players that play it back mm well there will be just like everything else but it seems stupid to
226. yeah i like to know what ' s playing that tell you what ' s playing but yeah can it see you? all these secret little things that they keep sticking in like all this well your computer camera you can ' t even cover it up it ' s just looking at you all of the time yeah i have to turn ours round i won ' t have those sometimes it comes on on its own does
233. little girls and they ' re having their you know birthday party in upstairs which i think is sort of the least child - friendly place yeah and she ' s taking so many photos on her big expensive camera which i presume she ' s gonna put on facebook and show all her friends and family you know how what a nice mother she is is this the polish yummy mummy equivalent? yeah uh i just
240. to explore the island really erm and ended up on a sort of tiny little dirt track going up this little going yeah going up a mountain which was really nice just really focussed on the film camera so i hope i should get some back what ' s the date today? twenty - third you see there ' s another person sending their film off to be developed mm yeah what you were talking were you
241. - third you see there ' s another person sending their film off to be developed mm yeah what you were talking were you talking about that earlier yeah? yeah some well i gave i gave him my camera bag to take to america and then i borrowed mum ' s old one for the erm but yeah no i mean we just went to went at the top it was really sort of third well i wouldn
242. put in and then if you ' re friend you can see see all of them it ' s cos you there ' s pictures on there from the end but i ' ve got some on my camera anyway i can show you but erm yeah they made it but the chap that a broke his bike he ' s in all the pictures at the end oh i said to him do shall we?
243. ' s probably not your standard i ' d like ponies pony earrings like jumping ponies like jumping beans but not i really want i ' m really pissed cos i really want to take my camera donde? to to london yeah but it ' s full i know i meant where is it in here? it ' s at oh i know i know well you can take my came oh hang on
244. a balloon bottom mm so i do have some i do have some good dresses i can ' t really see the polka dot one yet i ' m intrigued here you go look i ' ll put the camera on the top here thank you look after it with love look after it with love and joy mm don ' t take any naughty photos on it i don ' t think that ' s going to be an
247. ##m five s? the five s has got the erm touch so you put your ffingerprint on it yeah is that it? that ' s it pretty much that ' s basically it the camera is still just as shit and stuff like that it is the cacamera ' s shit i i think the cameras are really good no they are good but i mean compared to other phones like ' s
248. really good no they are good but i mean compared to other phones like ' s phone his is like a fifteen megapixel ours is still eight ' s is fucking amazing his is basically a camera with an inbuilt phone yeah ' s yeah yeah cos some of them are more like orientated around that aren ' t they? like windows ' phones cos the yeah software ' s
249. s yeah yeah cos some of them are more like orientated around that aren ' t they? like windows ' phones cos the yeah software ' s shit they have to give you a good camera whereas iphones the software ' s fantastic so they ' re not bothered about cameras cos people still buy iphones so my dad when my contract runs out he ' ll get erm the upgrade he
258. that one oh you just took it with a oh yes how do you take get the the water running like that? slower is it? yeah that ' s on my that ' s on my big camera that is yeah yeah mm look at those ferns they ' re lovely aren ' t they? yeah and you put it on here did you? yeah yeah yeah lovely that ' s clever innit? mm
259. you? yeah well this is sixteen sixteen meg yeah my phone is sixteen megapixels yeah remember it ' s not your ph it it ' s not the ph it might be a sixteen meg camera or it might be a thir thirty - two or whatever the sensor is yeah it doesn ' t mean the the image is gonna be that large no no what you ' ve saved it as no because
260. - two or whatever the sensor is yeah it doesn ' t mean the the image is gonna be that large no no what you ' ve saved it as no because the megapixel on the camera is how many colours that it repre ye yeah that ' s right it picks up erm but no they print out the print out alright i was talking to the man in the newsagent '
261. me so it oh it was him so i said oh right i said they ' re pretty good he said do you do i said yeah i said i you know sai he says wha so what camera have you got? and he ' d got a canon one d oh right yeah but he ' d got the new one the three has he? the version three oh right so they ' re around about
262. but i ' d like to learn some more read your book yeah that ' s harder alright then i bet you haven ' t even looked at it yet the magazine no i haven ' t no no camera magazine not this time every month and doesn ' t look at it though well you you don ' t do you? that ' s the thing you you i do mm i do erm yeah i read
263. i can ' t see anything he can ' t see anything he without his glasses well do you want no it ' s alright mm can ' t see so have you taken any pictures with your new camera? yeah that one yeah of the all about boundary the boundary that ' s about it at the moment well we did take some when we went down to bournemouth but not a lot did we? no we
264. well we did take some when we went down to bournemouth but not a lot did we? no we didn ' t no you ' re so busy talking to people you can ' t get out a camera and half the time but we did er is the video on there? what you use it as a video? is the video yeah there is a video on there i got you have see the little one
265. to get the video? well it just play back don ' t it? yeah you don ' t press the movie at all no i don ' t you just play back we should have got digital camera and not practical photogra photography why? cos i liked it we used to we used to do digi have a digital camera mm but like that better they ' re all much the same really they
266. i don ' t you just play back we should have got digital camera and not practical photogra photography why? cos i liked it we used to we used to do digi have a digital camera mm but like that better they ' re all much the same really they just come round at different times of the year with the articles you missed oh yeah really? there ' s where? right in the
267. gone the other way i didn ' t notice near here you can easily go past it but just alter the yeah? screen play this is just oh so what size memory card have you got in your camera? well it ' s pretty big if you turn we can ' t have the sound up then you can ' t turn the sound up oh has that one got wi - fi built into it? yeah
268. quite clever i find it a bit freaky though yeah it is a bit freaky it looks a bit witchy oh we ' ll have to come we ' ll have to did you bring the camera? have you got your camera? that is pretty cool actually no no i ' m going to come down here and take some photos there ' s some wicked photos huh that is a bit like wicker
269. bit freaky though yeah it is a bit freaky it looks a bit witchy oh we ' ll have to come we ' ll have to did you bring the camera? have you got your camera? that is pretty cool actually no no i ' m going to come down here and take some photos there ' s some wicked photos huh that is a bit like wicker man or something though isn '
270. art yeah it ' s pretty cool isn ' t it the wicker church rename the church like wicker huh or something i don ' t know ah i ' m going to definitely take the camera down here next time definitely yeah yeah well it ' s definitely not a pagan church though i mean look at all those christian symbols no yeah did the pagans have a church? no they didn ' t
271. bit windy now yeah huh yeah that was nice i ' m glad we did that ah i i think erm i think tomorrow if it ' s a nice day i ' m going to bring the camera down and have a look it does look really lovely yeah and take pictures of those wicker and even those gates and stuff you could get some really nice pictures down here shall we look at the notice board
274. videoed me? my first ever steps yeah i like how h videoed your first steps but how would you mm know? didn ' t well we just she your mum i think had a video camera she actually had a video camera and when cos you were children get get you know d llike i ' m holding you obviously with your two hands erm and i ' d just come down so
275. ever steps yeah i like how h videoed your first steps but how would you mm know? didn ' t well we just she your mum i think had a video camera she actually had a video camera and when cos you were children get get you know d llike i ' m holding you obviously with your two hands erm and i ' d just come down so perhaps it was just by chance
283. ' s i dunno he ' s their big their big present that he ' d got was er their big tech present was the er it was um ipad it was a pho it was that camera er oh yeah it was that that fancy camera camera that takes loads of photos i i in in one one of your clicks and then it oh yeah gives you the best so it will take for example five
284. big their big present that he ' d got was er their big tech present was the er it was um ipad it was a pho it was that camera er oh yeah it was that that fancy camera camera that takes loads of photos i i in in one one of your clicks and then it oh yeah gives you the best so it will take for example five before you ' ve clicked yeah that ' s
285. their big present that he ' d got was er their big tech present was the er it was um ipad it was a pho it was that camera er oh yeah it was that that fancy camera camera that takes loads of photos i i in in one one of your clicks and then it oh yeah gives you the best so it will take for example five before you ' ve clicked yeah that ' s right
287. was a good start i think yeah throw him out the bush for a night when he ' s he ' s saying you can get with no phone apps specifically geared toward astronomy so you can use the camera on your phone and just take right yeah a picture of the sky yeah and it tells you it ' ll tell you what constellations you ' ve got there yes but then he told me what what i
294. a lot of graffiti everywhere yeah i was thinking that there ' s lots of little allotments everywhere mm we ' ll have to show the boys some of our photos later yeah you can get the camera down and show i ' ve put some of them on my laptop so i could show them on that it ' s just yesterday ' s that i ' ve not put on anything interesting in your paper dad
297. ' s like this it ' ll be lovely won ' t it? mm yeah with the church it ' ll be or outside at the back of the conservatory i must remember to ask to take a camera i ' m sure she will anyway yeah yeah and i imagine will yes he ' ll he ' ll bring his anyway i ' m sure will yeah yeah that ' ll be nice yeah it will be er
301. hate taking like ugly pictures cos self - conscious i ' m like i love it are you ready ladies? they ' re big on facebook anyway chin you have to you have to put like the camera down so you can your double chin well we ' ll take a nice one and then take another one yeah oh okay oh are we taking a nice one? just cos the have the chins have
302. erm i ' ll just get the butter and the oil mm mm butter and oil okay right so is there anything else we need to do before we go tomorrow? well i need to charge the camera erm don ' t know i need to phone everyone to make sure it ' s okay yeah well said it ' s said it ' s okay so that will be yeah well yeah it should be fine
303. really heavy i mean you felt t the weight of it but yeah but em i took a lot of photos obviously when i was in taiwan but they never came out oh no because for some reason the camera this is this is the early days of d digital mm so i only had film camera so really two thousand and three? yeah people people yeah oh yes because i didn ' t i when i when i
304. a lot of photos obviously when i was in taiwan but they never came out oh no because for some reason the camera this is this is the early days of d digital mm so i only had film camera so really two thousand and three? yeah people people yeah oh yes because i didn ' t i when i when i went to china two thousand and three i had i had a very i had a boots
305. really two thousand and three? yeah people people yeah oh yes because i didn ' t i when i when i went to china two thousand and three i had i had a very i had a boots camera i think boots camera a camera i bought in boots i think wow it was really really dodgy mm but i mean i had a really good fuji camera not just a a film camera oh and maybe co
306. three? yeah people people yeah oh yes because i didn ' t i when i when i went to china two thousand and three i had i had a very i had a boots camera i think boots camera a camera i bought in boots i think wow it was really really dodgy mm but i mean i had a really good fuji camera not just a a film camera oh and maybe cos it was em
307. yeah people people yeah oh yes because i didn ' t i when i when i went to china two thousand and three i had i had a very i had a boots camera i think boots camera a camera i bought in boots i think wow it was really really dodgy mm but i mean i had a really good fuji camera not just a a film camera oh and maybe cos it was em it e
308. had i had a very i had a boots camera i think boots camera a camera i bought in boots i think wow it was really really dodgy mm but i mean i had a really good fuji camera not just a a film camera oh and maybe cos it was em it e exposed to light and i never got those photos i was really upset cos i got all the street food it would have
309. had a boots camera i think boots camera a camera i bought in boots i think wow it was really really dodgy mm but i mean i had a really good fuji camera not just a a film camera oh and maybe cos it was em it e exposed to light and i never got those photos i was really upset cos i got all the street food it would have been not digital? no it
310. where they take really long pictures? oh but they never they never became very big because it ' s really difficult to frame oh em oh no i had a minolta not my boots the boots camera i had in zanzibar in nineteen ninety - eight but the in the i had a minolta eh man slr one non digital minolta mm hm in china that was quite good eh
311. any and then wiz across to the lloyds during the way out back yeah yeah okay an then if you get a hundred pounds of pennies yup they ' ll yep need to charge my camera how much money do i need to get hundred pounds that ' s it why just draw out yeah i supposed better than us taking loads of money with us anyway find a way yep i ' ll take some
312. and over the top of dylan thomas ' little writing shed at mm mm i took this photograph mm it was eleven o ' clock in the morning and it was bright sunshine and that ' s how the camera took it and it looks like it ' s at night mm mm mm so i don ' t need to tell anybody that except for you which is quite interesting but that ' s how it took it ah
313. you don ' t remember after a while do you? no those sort of things no no have you given up? now what i ' m wondering about? if i go and get my ca little camera and my key and see if there ' s still got th all the decorations up yeah and er and i ' ll take some pictures i think yeah and you can send them and put them on our website
314. th all the decorations up yeah and er and i ' ll take some pictures i think yeah and you can send them and put them on our website ah there ' ll only be on my little little camera that don ' t matter well i have to i have to make them smaller anyway to get them on the website you can ' t have ten gigabyte or megabyte of well it ' ll
315. we were yeah i mean you always were but me and i mean yeah no i think you ' re right there in fact we casually played as a warmup and i ' ve got it on my camera and it ' s really good which camera? and i will have a camera holder for my thing so if you could what? get me that one from amazonshire what? well i ' ve decided my
316. but me and i mean yeah no i think you ' re right there in fact we casually played as a warmup and i ' ve got it on my camera and it ' s really good which camera? and i will have a camera holder for my thing so if you could what? get me that one from amazonshire what? well i ' ve decided my camera ' s really good for taking pictures
317. i think you ' re right there in fact we casually played as a warmup and i ' ve got it on my camera and it ' s really good which camera? and i will have a camera holder for my thing so if you could what? get me that one from amazonshire what? well i ' ve decided my camera ' s really good for taking pictures like a so you want it station
318. it ' s really good which camera? and i will have a camera holder for my thing so if you could what? get me that one from amazonshire what? well i ' ve decided my camera ' s really good for taking pictures like a so you want it stationery? no my phone camera a tripod just my phone like a mini tripod? no here have a look at this one
319. you could what? get me that one from amazonshire what? well i ' ve decided my camera ' s really good for taking pictures like a so you want it stationery? no my phone camera a tripod just my phone like a mini tripod? no here have a look at this one no i just want a case like that no a case oh a case a case well you ' ve
320. basket and you said no no you ' ve missed your chance you never did tell him i did yeah she did i did it was twelve ninety - nine i can remember it i can remember it my camera ' s the best one i might take it back to or whoever it was who ssold it to me my camera ' s the my camera ' s the best one for taking pictures have you seen the
321. did it was twelve ninety - nine i can remember it i can remember it my camera ' s the best one i might take it back to or whoever it was who ssold it to me my camera ' s the my camera ' s the best one for taking pictures have you seen the picture of that orchid and the the videos of chemistry? the quality ' s brilliant did you put it s oh well
322. - nine i can remember it i can remember it my camera ' s the best one i might take it back to or whoever it was who ssold it to me my camera ' s the my camera ' s the best one for taking pictures have you seen the picture of that orchid and the the videos of chemistry? the quality ' s brilliant did you put it s oh well obviously i believe in you
325. thinned and there it was yeah wow and er the cloud was such that it formed a really good filter brilliant yeah yeah know what i mean? yeah so i then ran ran indoors and got the camera mm and er come out again and you could see where it was and it was sort of like yeah bit more cloudy bit less cloudy bit more yeah but there were sort of patches with it as well ma
328. took everything out of the car they s looked under all the erm where the erm tyres and w tyres and what not eng yeah yeah yeah and the engines and they got roller c a roller camera to go underneath and everything mm and i said well what you looking for? guns i i said we ' re four ladies on a day trip and he said well that ' s the perfect disguise mother well
329. how stupid is that? i know i know i know i know but however there was er a a court case just thrown out this week there ' s been a major case where a japanese er er camera company called olympus mm yeah who the managing chief executive left and all the rest of it and there was fraud and there was a big hole in the accounts mm? and they they were taken to court and
330. you know this period kind of look and i keep going round looking and i ' ll be like is that where they film that i wonder where they film that they must have really had to tighten the camera the actual you know to to to take the lamppost out you know kind of make it look that they can probably do that in photoshop actactually it ' s it ' s a erm
331. as i can do to pick my horses out i don ' t know about bloody facebook surprised you use a mobile phone it ' s about as good as you need well it ain ' t got no camera or anything on it no you don ' t need a camera though do you? no my old nokia was good i lost it had all the bloody numbers in it didn ' t i? when did you
332. t know about bloody facebook surprised you use a mobile phone it ' s about as good as you need well it ain ' t got no camera or anything on it no you don ' t need a camera though do you? no my old nokia was good i lost it had all the bloody numbers in it didn ' t i? when did you lose it? boot fair oh yeah it was only it had
333. you? no my old nokia was good i lost it had all the bloody numbers in it didn ' t i? when did you lose it? boot fair oh yeah it was only it had no camera on it just ordinary one just fell out of my pocket when i got in the car and that was it that one ' s alright though isn ' t it? a similar sort of thing yeah just a
334. have to start paying interest yeah i dunno i just i d whereas i ' d like to be frivolous i ' d like to be frivolous and just buy like a really nice camera or a really nice computer yeah i know for myself and and then just worry about it later but i just d i always feel that i need to watch what i spend and stuff yeah don ' t know
339. myself in the garden sad not the living room it ' s going to be amazing uhu mm mm yeah but every ten minutes you can ask me to take well no i ' ll set up the camera so you can take it what is it? what? you did photos but i only took can you speak properly? you said that was gonna be taking photos but i am too yeah but you ' re
340. they haven ' t actually seen it themselves necessarily but th but it appears on the photo yeah just the photo the the like there are a few there ' s cos you know if you take a camera take or set your camera to certain settings? and it blurs things and it does things yes like if you use the night setting when it ' s not night or i think if you use the f
341. seen it themselves necessarily but th but it appears on the photo yeah just the photo the the like there are a few there ' s cos you know if you take a camera take or set your camera to certain settings? and it blurs things and it does things yes like if you use the night setting when it ' s not night or i think if you use the f like sort of dusk setting
345. it was a really nice place that was guatemala but you did you were sitting on the toilet and you looked up and there was a little sign about you and he ' s like this is not a camera this is like an led light from just like a tiny little camera for when the power goes out or something but it obviously had er he ' d obviously had people complain and ask him like and it '
346. were sitting on the toilet and you looked up and there was a little sign about you and he ' s like this is not a camera this is like an led light from just like a tiny little camera for when the power goes out or something but it obviously had er he ' d obviously had people complain and ask him like and it ' s right above the toilet and it does look just like a little
347. when the power goes out or something but it obviously had er he ' d obviously had people complain and ask him like and it ' s right above the toilet and it does look just like a little camera unless it was and that was just a cover up but er it ' s a pretty good cover isn ' t it? this is point it out this isn ' t a camera that ' s what that
348. just like a little camera unless it was and that was just a cover up but er it ' s a pretty good cover isn ' t it? this is point it out this isn ' t a camera that ' s what that ' s what place you ' re getting watching me take a poo really? sorry lovely struck a nerve did it? oh dear has he has he been trying to get you
354. a free alternative alright or a better version that is free or i wanna take photographs actually yeah cos i sai i said to once photos you can do that on the phone as well or on a camera or on yeah you can talk don ' t confuse me young man the only problem i ' ve found with taking pictures on here but we ' re talking about that to start with the only picture the only
355. re outside you can ' t really see what you ' re taking a picture of cos the screen gets sun - blinded you know what i mean? i do know what you mean yes and the camera ' s not brilliant either erm well when you ' ve got to my age if i had to buy a a phone camera as well i ' m going to i ' m s i ' m not
356. know what i mean? i do know what you mean yes and the camera ' s not brilliant either erm well when you ' ve got to my age if i had to buy a a phone camera as well i ' m going to i ' m s i ' m not just stuck i don ' t know how long i ' ve got left to live i ' m gonna live a bit what i
357. to i ' m s i ' m not just stuck i don ' t know how long i ' ve got left to live i ' m gonna live a bit what i think erm my my camera ' s the worst it ' s the smallest but is our hub on upstairs er? it i oh good question no i don ' t think it is actually well go put it on darling i ' ll
358. i ' ll go and put it on but u imagine you could get you could get a phone er with a bigger screen than this right mm now this does everything that does and it ' s a camera right? but it also does phone calls and texts well i think i want one of those because i also want to download books er well you can still do that on a smaller device i ' d never
359. i pressed? the one oh you ' re the phone as well the one that startles the that one wasn ' t very good as well let me try again practising how to use his camera cos up till now he ' s only got a dead badger on there think you have to don ' t move always having problems with slower than you do try that just have this for now that moved
360. s taxidermy yeah is that not what i said? said it ' s natural history well it ' s taxonomy then probably right why ' s this not taking? oh you and that blooming camera i ' ve taken it it looks just when you dropped it oh sorry look hold it up in the air why taking picture of we ' re taking it home with us got it cos i won '
365. erm the snow? what is that wasn ' t that fucking snow? i did the track down to tour de france were you in a jeep or quad bike? i ' ve just got my camera out the window that was only half the track not even half did you build a snowman? i ' m like it ' s the south of fucking france what ' s going on here? are you
367. ' s alright sticks to the limits mm so it ' s go follow round the ring road road as you turn right on the road you ' ve gotta watch that one that is the most successful speed camera in hmm mm it that has broken all the records hmm mm er carry on up there just follow it all the way down and you come out by the showground mm yeah i know that you know and
368. you know do erm but then when they got there erm you know they they had all it was all the kind of hallmarks you know the typical kind of bookcases where you know camera batteries ensemble erm er simply didn ' t work you know they they all all the power drained out of them even though they had powered them all up before they got there yeah er tape recorders would
369. terms of phenomenon sort of explaining sort of explaining erm electric and magnetic fields i don ' t see any reason cos that ' s what you know it takes to be erased you know things like camera batteries to be drained immediately and things like that but it sounds like erm the presence of a large electric electr electromagnetic area well it could but i suppose again the problem there is what it it '
372. no but it ' s it ' s as the cathedral is very interesting one one of the most quirky and interesting things about it is that a man was in the nave with a box original box camera in eighteen sixty something when the spire imploded and he er he managed to take photographs of it actually happening oh my god er and and they ' re really primitive pictures but you can see it '
374. at eleven o ' clock on er friday morning and so on and anyanyway went into it sat down in this tiny little theatre place with a er erm one of those er er cine camera things with two reels oh yeah two big reels on the top yeah yeah yeah and and you could hear it whirring away and what they ' d got was the newsreel of the
375. picture of george osborne? yeah look at look at when she was really young she doesn ' t look any different oh i think she does this is these were all taken with my disposable camera in germany disposable my god yeah cos i i erm why did i take a disposable camera? oh i can ' t remember now i didn ' t have a camera
376. she does this is these were all taken with my disposable camera in germany disposable my god yeah cos i i erm why did i take a disposable camera? oh i can ' t remember now i didn ' t have a camera for some reason probably lost the first three oh whatever dad that ' s what does it? no darling whatever when are when are
377. in germany disposable my god yeah cos i i erm why did i take a disposable camera? oh i can ' t remember now i didn ' t have a camera for some reason probably lost the first three oh whatever dad that ' s what does it? no darling whatever when are when are we going to erm erm ' s party? sunday am i coming
378. all that what? i wish i had an album like that yeah well we should do we should print out lots of our photos yeah yeah are these all from the phone no these are from my digital camera no they weren ' t but that ' s the trouble with phones you tend not to and you just keep them all hidden in a computer and it ' s not the same as looking through a nice album
379. look and in the is that my little baby? ah yeah ah well these i used to get done at snappy snaps i used to go and go to snappy snaps and just give them my camera and they ' d just print loads of photos yeah this is was in our when the living room wasn ' t done is that an earring? yeah well this was when we were trying to get professional
380. right and his interests were apart from biology photography and so i was brought up in a family where my mother was a botanist where we would go for nature walks a lot and er dad would have his camera and bit by bit things brushed off on me first of all learning to see things that other people yeah would walk past ththey just wouldn ' t mm notice erm seeing detail er one particular memory
387. think it was in brazil er no he was on his moped or motorbike erm and then he ' s driving along in er in the middle of a city he ' s got his camera on his helmet and then another moped comes up next to him and the guy on the back of it it ' s got a gun pointing at him so he ' s like alright yeah yeah yeah take
390. yeah oh yeah yeah good point there are very different top secret dossiers and door forty - two you should remove the shrink - wrap oh i dunno about that that ' s temptation got the camera he ' s removing the shrink - wrap there ' s four civilian cards really? is that er they can choose to riot or whatever right? possibly right i ' ll shuffle these city cards then the civilians
391. the school it was er i really enjoyed it and and erm that ' s a tiny tripod that it is nice isn ' t it? well mm and erm it ' s a good camera one and er i got a video editing software suite and i really enjoy it what do you use? just check now mycheck mycheck is that is that a free to download one? no
392. not ever gonna drink the water coming out of your tap oh ' s joined us for dinner yeah sniffing the air we really need to take a picture of this who ' s got their phone with their camera? erm i have but you ' re you ' re recording aren ' t you? i ' ve got my normal camera no should be fine though you can still do stuff on the phone if it
393. to take a picture of this who ' s got their phone with their camera? erm i have but you ' re you ' re recording aren ' t you? i ' ve got my normal camera no should be fine though you can still do stuff on the phone if it ' s recording can you? yeah let me just unlock it erm just do that can only have one more sausage i '
396. open if their head is supported by a hand the hand must not be visible in the photo oh that ' ll be fine right tips for babies lay your baby down on a white sheet position or digital camera direct above the baby oh you can take it yourself? oh yeah oh mind you if you yeah maybe you ' ll be able to buy someone at you know passport size photos yeah cos mm if you
397. haven ' t we? oh that was a beautiful dog i ' ve never seen such a that was your photo he ' s a qualified judge having said that the video footage that i took in my camera is er is as good as anything did i show you the original know what i mean eh? did i show you the original pictures before the erm edit? yeah before we ' d edited them?
399. i un you see i ' m years behind you you ' ve got to explain things yeah i can understand now a selfie stick it ' s like you used to put your binoculars on or your camera on yeah if you wanted a you hold it out vertically though er horizontally rather than vertically on mm right and you can just click and take your selfie whereas the point is a selfie ' s really
400. there must be some out and about ssawing some are taking photographs and some might even be cutting pieces off trees sort of thing well they might be better if he brought a saw rather than a camera did you say that ' s not the right piece of equipment? well he was wearing a suit so i knew he wasn ' t the mm right man for the job but er and he ' s the
408. is now smudged all over my face that ' s okay voyage prive i don ' t know if this is gonna work c i think it ' s a bit too light yeah i love my camera but i think i do want to get an ipod and then ipod i ' ve got an ipod an iphone and you sort of think well what ' s the point because you ' ve already got a camera
409. but i think i do want to get an ipod and then ipod i ' ve got an ipod an iphone and you sort of think well what ' s the point because you ' ve already got a camera yeah see i want one because i haven ' t got a camera at the moment and i haven ' t got an iphone yeah well that ' s why i wanted the iphone four if i was gonna get
410. i ' ve got an ipod an iphone and you sort of think well what ' s the point because you ' ve already got a camera yeah see i want one because i haven ' t got a camera at the moment and i haven ' t got an iphone yeah well that ' s why i wanted the iphone four if i was gonna get any of them i don ' t want the iphone three or anything
411. and i haven ' t got an iphone yeah well that ' s why i wanted the iphone four if i was gonna get any of them i don ' t want the iphone three or anything because the camera ' s not as good yeah the iphone four is that the newest one? four s is the one um that talks to you but you can get the iphone four still that st it doesn ' t talk
412. buy? oh yeah they it was i think it ' s cos it was a black dress? yeah did you buy anything? black scarf no did you buy anything? er no not even a camera? no a lens? no new computer? no lenny lenny? anything did you buy lenny? no i haven ' t even ridden lenny anyway where would you keep lenny if you bought lenny? this is

