Cluster 1
4. engaged you know with what ' s happening what ' s going on they ' re excited they know about the candidates they they know what they stand for and you know they have their own opinions on the economy on erm things like the you know the prison system and things like that have and that ' s just completely absent from from our society i feel you know you go out you you you know this when
6. to meet them that erm you know we are being asked to the dictat from on high is yeah offshore where possible yeah erm and if and our argument is it ' s a false economy because mm the amount of time we ' ve spent in man hours liaising with them and answering the most basic of queries and sending stuff back when it ' s wrong mm you know to pay a
7. controller ' s salary you might as well freelance it out to a get mm uk supplier and get it right first time someone who knows you well yes it ' s just sometimes it is just a false economy mm we were saying that they ' d have to come and come down on their prices mm if they wanted to keep the work and it ' s probably what they ' re gonna have to do it '
10. so i think they ' ll have gained some ground because that ' s long enough ago that people have maybe sort of forgotten it mm but i still think the tories will come out because of the economy yeah but ed miliband is a joker though that ' s the other thing he ' s not very cha he ' s got zero charisma yeah and you need charisma mm like he
12. s look back on this coalition government over the last four years mm four or five? i don ' t know four? yeah and just say what ' s gone well and what hasn ' t economy economy has gone well because we were in a recession right? this time five years ago yeah it ' s recovering well but i mean of course it wasn ' t just the uk that was in a recession then
13. thinking how the year five overweight ones are english yeah oh i ' m so tired rather than well it it has risen because we never used to have any will that be to do with the low economy sort of thing for the last few years? who knows cheaper food required to be honest i think people can ' t see it with their eyes because if you watch a television programme that was yeah set in
16. ' ve got three hospice hospitals sorry three cottage hospitals and the gps would like not to send people to hospital right because it costs them a lot of money so they ' re trying to run their health economy based on the three cottage hospitals which which will have flaws and problems for the people that live there and so i want to make sure that we as the hospice have some presence there cos i mm worry
17. the thing is i need to get past the gatekeepers the decision makers yeah but it kind of makes sense to them because it makes sense to them cos they ' re trying to run a health economy with just cottage hospitals yeah so the cottage hospice concept fits into their construct of what they see yeah as secondary care right uhu there ' s another level of there about why to have it there cos
18. head back into the nhs system is although there is no secondary healthcare acute trust in this ccg are cos it ' s at mm yeah? what ' s happening in the changes in the health economy is foundation status for hospitals yeah as they get foundation status it gives yeah them far more freedom to behave like a private sector hospital yeah which is another reason that this ccg doesn ' t want them as
19. think that county councils will become the main stakeholder for hospices not the nhs right the merging of health and social care will have to happen yes yeah and actually it won ' t be the health economy and the acute trusts and the cottage hospitals that will be our main worry partner whatever it will be county councils mm because the health and social care and the dilnot report and everything will have to be addressed
25. s a foreign language because it ' s very unlike finnish but so is everything apart from estonian yeah you ' re right yeah norway was happy there but but yeah so erm i think norway ' s economy in this crisis never affected it no? well you know they they sit on a pile oil they w if you think even up to the n sixties norway was one of the poorest countries yeah because they
26. doing that yeah but it caused an outcry and they had to back down back down did they? yeah because i the truth is if those workers went elsewhere then it would cripple the economy oh well and they ' re not earning that much so oh no if you started taxing them yeah even if it was only one percent it would upset a lot of people yeah cos in bahrain at
27. dunno well with that they i dunno they always seem to land on their feet so didn ' t have much luck in spain well no but they did to begin with and then like the whole economy crashed really hard there really hard i ' m surprised spain aren ' t even lower than they are well they are just hiding it yeah such a shame he had that whole business everything he had loads of employees
28. my own stuff back oh i see you ' re just so rich you you don ' t need any more money i ' m er the wealth is trickling down cos that ' s definitely how economy works fuck off you ' re the only person here who voted conservative yeah yeah we both voted lib dem yeah so like you you yeah you you you constantly mock like the values of the party you voted
32. anymore where immigrants aren ' t welcome because i ' m an immigrant as much anybody else mm yeah but i ' m okay because i ' m white because i ' m here to sort of help the economy rather than hinder it in the sense that i ' m helping you know polish people do whatever it is and learn this necessary skill i don ' t want to be here if you know i ' m
34. can people here feel so strongly about this potential threat when there isn ' t even a threat? no refugees want to come here because they know they won ' t be welcome and there ' s the economy is not strong enough for them to get a job erm how can you feel so strongly against you know someone if you ' ve never met anyone from a different culture? mm mm yeah i know yeah
36. was so many hundreds of pounds there were loads of rolls he just kept pulling all these rolls went from the front right the way to the back yeah rolls of notes woah and that was that black economy cos no one knew what they ' d do no that ' s true he was selling it down coming all the way back up here you know goodness knows propprobably paid cash oh he did
37. they keep building more shops cos it ' s a distraction yeah isn ' t it? cos they kep when there was the erm the recession everyone kept saying we need to keep the economy moving you need to go out and spend money yeah it ' s like it ' s a bit odd isn ' t it? hang on but no one ' s got any money so but that i found
45. s that ' s the that ' s the entire point that ' s the concern down there they ' re concerned about immigration and ignoring the politics and ignoring the fact that it ' s good for the economy being in the in the eu and just concentrating on a single the stupid yeah people are looking at it from one issue perspective yeah granted but it ' s not really good for the economy is it dad?
46. good for the economy being in the in the eu and just concentrating on a single the stupid yeah people are looking at it from one issue perspective yeah granted but it ' s not really good for the economy is it dad? because how much do we pay into the eu weekly? it ' s like lots and lots of money that could be used elsewhere well hospitals we shall we ' ll if we vote out
47. that could be used elsewhere well hospitals we shall we ' ll if we vote out we ' ll spend the next ten years renegotiating trade deals and losing trade left right and centre and the economy will go downhill no you ' ve got you ' ve no evidence for that well i have just no one has yo honestly you ' re just you ' ve just okay why? listened to the rhetoric well
50. that you see which presumably will be very idyllic i ' d still like to do it but i think watching it on the television might be the nearest i ever get although if you want an economy compromise you could go on the north york railway couldn ' t you? north yorkshire moors railway on the erm they ' ve got some nineteen thirties carriages haven ' t they? yes they have where you
53. s loads of chinese people in lisbon? no in lisbon? and they ' re all going there to like cos er they all buy houses there so they can they ' re trying to boost the economy by getting like foreign buyers we ' ll fit right in exactly green card and then they green card there then they can work in europe anyway i think we should do that cos you can just airbn
54. ve got especially if there ' s no vat on the pasty they ' ve got the vat too yes and ice cream yeah but that ' s not a it ' s not a whole economy is it? sounds good to me not any more not any more a pasty a scone and an ice cream that ' s that ' s no longer possible that is a dream no but you can
57. ' t it? economy don ' t they? mm and that ' s the same as this place is yeah it ' s like it always has been though has has been well i mean the black economy in this country is say if you get a plumber in right? he say if you don ' t wanna pay if you don ' t wanna pay er just give us cash yeah that ' s it
58. that theme park with the polo tower it ' s a big polo tower ah poor old ah no one still not enough people go there well it had a bit of you know there was a bit of economy going on like well they ' re trying to i mean there was like during the you know in the during the sort of conveyancing boom um yeah the con the construction boom or whatever like when i
63. noticed this in the past two sessions that erm you know when there ' s a recession everybody gets laid off and yeah there ' s quite a big pool of freelancers mm and then as the economy improves mm basically people start to recruit these permanent jobs again mm so that ' s why suddenly there ' s no w and i think she ' s i think she ' s really right i think this is
64. jobs again mm so that ' s why suddenly there ' s no w and i think she ' s i think she ' s really right i think this is exactly what ' s happening i think the economy ' s better people are getting into permanent jobs and suddenly there ' s no work so oh wow i th i think that ' s it i think that is exactly what ' s happening mm mm mm mm
65. but we spend a lot er the bank has to do it which means the bank has to create money yeah which means you can ' t have high interest rates yeah cos if you have that the economy c goes against the wall yeah and because they said oh we ' ll raise them and of course if they go up savings go up yeah i mean for me it was great i paid the house off because
66. difference in people from essex or northumber northumberland to anyone who come from france or poor poland well or whatever well yeah they ' re all strangers to norfolk but they ' re all building up the the economy well this is right i mean they brought in if the polish left the you know peo people moan in about the polish and the romanians and whatever getting the jobs they literally moan about why should they
68. mind you we ' re a third of the way through the year now and we thought it was going to be such a weird year i know yeah i still think it will be it ' s the economy has gone really quiet for a few months hasn ' t it so it ' s the end and they keep they keep doing all this on the in the government like erm i don ' t know say
69. to buy those horrible bottles of like the really strong alcohol with u like pennies i think that ' s wrong well i think it ' s the there ' s also a problem in terms of the economy is actually there ' s a lot of money goes back into the economy from um sales of this stuff if you raise taxes i mean yeah no i know that but that ' s that ' s part of
70. pennies i think that ' s wrong well i think it ' s the there ' s also a problem in terms of the economy is actually there ' s a lot of money goes back into the economy from um sales of this stuff if you raise taxes i mean yeah no i know that but that ' s that ' s part of like a tension isn ' t it like if they put up the price
73. oh no of course not and no yeah but there ' s a lot of people yeah oh i agree yeah there is a lot and that mentality i think that mentality will be destroyed when the economy collapses mm it ' s gonna have to be and it ' s gonna be very painful for a lot of people it ' s gonna be painful for us if we stay in england mm well i don '
74. back over one two or three years or something yeah and it ' s literally the interest rates are half of that of the bank are we still gonna do that? no cos i thought with the economy about to crash then it wouldn ' t be any good? you wouldn ' t get your er money back ah but i like the idea of cutting out the banks and all of these loan sharks well they
76. for the british film industry ah sorry the british film institute is just an organization that yeah well sorry d ' you wanna pass it here? no i ' m alright thanks but if you go to the economy of the uk economy it might don ' t be silly well um films would be in that article in but i ' d have to weed through the whole thing wouldn ' t i? ay? d
77. industry ah sorry the british film institute is just an organization that yeah well sorry d ' you wanna pass it here? no i ' m alright thanks but if you go to the economy of the uk economy it might don ' t be silly well um films would be in that article in but i ' d have to weed through the whole thing wouldn ' t i? ay? d ' you wanna pass
83. ' t like brick houses and like or concrete and stuff they ' re like but i ' m like yeah i mean many years ago but they knock everything down americans are like it stimulates mm the economy when this business goes under we they don ' t use that building again and put another business in they knock it down and build another building mm korea ' s the same they will knock a building down and
85. and that ' s the sort of thing yeah problem is like there ' s a bit of an incentive to yeah getting talking about economics again but uh there ' s a bit of an incentive in the economy to to to against that you know what i mean? yeah what is at? fifteen? have we done fifteen? nine oh uh there ' s a bit of an incentive against doing things yourself at home
86. there ' s a bit of an incentive against doing things yourself at home um and in favour of spending more money bec because of the need for for more for more growth and more money in the economy so that like maybe people like the kinds of bars i was talking about they ' re not parti not particularly profitable yeah no no no in terms of the economy well um and a lot of that the
88. you just yeah pass it like you copy it you video it and you pass it round you ' re your friends and that pass it round yeah i tend to do most that ' s bad for the economy cos then they ' re not spending money on that film are they? no you know what i mean so it ' s it ' s a bit of a there ' s a bit of a col
89. i don ' t know i just knew that they that it was like a new movement coming out as a result of the the there is a bit of a problem isn ' t there in the the economy that that it ' s becoming very easy to to freely transfer any information so that would include any movie or theatre or or music or yeah share things yeah well what there was that young lad who was extra
92. ##m the professor at he was telling me all of the things that are available and he like when i said i was interested in ngos and like voluntary work and stuff he said that is like the booming economy for ngo work yeah and it ' s like right on my doorstep mm and because i already have a little bit of spanish but i also have the french and fluent in english he said that i would probably
94. apparently they they just thought it was shit and they ' ve moved back yeah a lot of them moved back yeah but what ' s the real reason do you think? it ' s just that the economy got better in poland? yeah mm and when they had an opportunity here they earned some money they were working quite hard and they got what they needed and went home i mean poland isn ' t poland isn
101. ##ing is going to turn out really loud oh no nice nuts are they good? well erm yes it ' s a pity you weren ' t there when ed didn ' t mention the erm economy then yes that would have that would have matched nicely yes yeah no that was i remember being i remember do i remember where i was when gordon brown didn ' t call the election but who remembers? oh
103. it ' s a problem i mean it it would be ridiculous to suggest that it isn ' t a problem but then on the other hand they say that erm immigrants are worth more more to the economy than than native british people they say yes they they actually bring more in in terms of income and erm earnings and things like that so they ' re a net benefit it depends how old they are but
104. it but in an individual case by case basis but but i actually don ' t even think people need jobs and like yeah but i totally agree like the argument like oh you ' re helping the london economy it ' s well actually it would be better for like sort the structural system if yeah specifically you didn ' t do yeah do that but yeah mm i definitely agree and i actually don ' t really think
105. ##sti yeah so and so it ' s like it ' s not like that ' s just what you do when you ' re eighteen like you go yeah like and like and i guess cos their economy is so fucked but there ' s no like there ' s no kind of oh or the associations i guess that are attached to it over here yeah that ' s interesting but i think but i just like
107. it was symptomatic of a like a spirit of the young generation or whether it was less profound than that yes the analysis i saw is that the nobody trusted the labour party to handle the economy mm in the election anyway so whatever the of course that ' s been always the always the challenge that the labour party are full of socialist ideas but they can never pay for it mm so i don '
109. heard yeah about that and yeah obviously just having read gone with the wind that ' s an interesting one as well yeah yeah but i never thought about the fact that it was taking away part of the economy of africa mm and leaving this big hole yeah which has never really been replenished no no and then also creating a lot of the racism stigmas mm that african people feel these mm still feel today
110. i mean some of the some of the mentality here is totally off the wall yeah yeah and they think it ' s perfectly normal yeah exac well i suppose they think they ' re keeping the economy going cos this council worker that picks up the rubbish has got a supervisor yeah who ' s got a boss yeah whose cousin ' s one of their family yeah and he ' s being paid to do
111. better deal for the rich and all that but what i don ' t like is the fact that because he ' s he ' s introduced certain economic schemes like housing and stuff like that to get the economy booming since he ' s introduced these schemes he ' s now creating another housing bubble because there ' s not enough houses to demand mm so say like you ' ve got a hundred thousand houhouses
112. school up there and well i mean it ' s so yeah i think they probably it probably small because the population is small isn ' t it well she she came back but she came back because the economy you know yeah it it all went to hell but it ' s so f the population yeah the population is so scattered i can see why they would have yeah one in each place but oh it must be
120. above it yes yes and usually at the end we got something which was reasonable in those days good that ' s good mm i ' ve forgotten we dealt with all the big people over there the the economy on a big scale oh that ' s quite interesting all the big erm suppliers mm like marks and spencer ' s and the lot i think we used to ha yeah yeah clever man did well oh i
124. keynesianism i can never say it what his idea was is that if you keynesian? that ' s it if you if you give people money they ' ll yeah flood the market and the economy because people spending that ' s gonna like getting the coils going again well if i look at my my education in a level was i don ' t know what keynes keynesian economics is but i know
125. ##mere twinset which was really really expensive really really really expensive but it has lasted for twenty plus year twenty - five years and it still looks as good as new so it ' s not a false economy yeah well there is that if you do get good jerseys it does make a difference doesn ' t it? yeah cos the rest look so ratty so quick my suits are just er er you know
126. ' t as expensive as london probably not no but then it ' s just one to one isn ' t it so mm mm mm apart from that it ' s putting your money back into the chinese economy isn ' t it yeah yeah yeah it ' s a good thing you know if someone well it was like people complained about polish workers or something coming over here sending all the money back to poland and stuff
127. er when and go shopping they ' re spending their money in in that ' s right yeah exactly there ' s rent as well yeah there ' s a lot lot of er money going back into the economy yeah just from them two let let alone university i mean they have a lot of people out there don ' t they yes they do you wouldn ' t have thought university would be in would be in would
132. point of that you know and all it went was yeah and now you look gps well yeah yeah internet internet ssatellites that ' s right telephone satellites mm you know that is just making the economy explode that is that is you know i was saying about the erm alibaba thing yeah well they reckon that in places like china and in africa they ' ve completely cut out you know fixed -

Cluster 2
0. ' d booked the flight in to texas and he booked the flight out of havana and um i hadn ' t looked at the tickets until i ' d got to the airport and realized it was premium economy and i knew that that flight only cost three hundred and ninety - five pounds to get from havana to london and er they were like oh right this way and like no queuing you get in there and
1. were like oh right this way and like no queuing you get in there and you sit in the virgin flights you sit upstairs like the hoi polloi all sit downstairs you go upstairs to premium economy armchairs er have a glass of champagne sit on down here ' s your flight socks what would you like to eat for dinner? they serve you with gloves really? the whole shebang and it cost
2. ever come to a first class jumpsuit in the old style was mm hm i was flying somewhere and must have been across the atlantic and was sitting in a three this was in in erm premier economy i think mm mm and there was a mother and a little girl mm the little girl was sort of sitting between us mm and all the way this little girl was stuffing you know sweets and crisps and
3. korean air and we were impressed i was i mean it ' s the first time i ' ve been business class and erm oh right oh oh and and so erm we ' ve been premium economy and that sort of thing yeah but but absolutely i couldn ' t ccouldn ' t fault it was absolutely oh how marvellous absolutely yeah who were you with british airways? korean air oh korean
5. oh excellent yup because they ' re five pounds a page rather than twenty - five pounds a page which uk suppliers are mm but they ' re rubbish so it ' s a completely well yes false economy e exactly erm so we ' re looking at ways of making it a bit easier for them looking at ways looking at how they ' ve really let us down and mm because it was the first time
11. ' s look back on this coalition government over the last four years mm four or five? i don ' t know four? yeah and just say what ' s gone well and what hasn ' t economy economy has gone well because we were in a recession right? this time five years ago yeah it ' s recovering well but i mean of course it wasn ' t just the uk that was in a recession
20. re looking at one point two one point two five really yeah think that ' s probably better for us cos we ' re driving round the city all the time yeah so well it ' s good economy then isn ' t it? good fuel economy yeah yeah and you look at petrol well the fiesta ' s confusing because their one litre is called an ecoboost so it ' s cheaper to tax co
21. five really yeah think that ' s probably better for us cos we ' re driving round the city all the time yeah so well it ' s good economy then isn ' t it? good fuel economy yeah yeah and you look at petrol well the fiesta ' s confusing because their one litre is called an ecoboost so it ' s cheaper to tax cos it uses less fuel but it ' s
24. in business now oh sorry i keep interrupting you yeah go on marketing how are you going to get customers? well i think the main the main marketing really is the practicality of the idea and the economy of the idea if i can convince them that would they would save like hundreds of pounds a year on rackets then i think it ' s a given that they would they would go for it but one
39. know? so i had to go a couple of times during the night which was we ' ll be eating at seven o ' clock right i mean it may be that because you ' re in the economy class there are fewer aisle seats actually oh there are yes and it ' s only but i mean they should have reserved the ones but they should have reserved it cos i booked for a disabled person yeah
40. for a disabled person yeah they should mm i i booked what do you mean there are fewer aisle seats? well it ' s only abo there ' s only about five rows because ' s going economy plus yeah but there ' s probably the ratio of aisles oh the ratio will be well no it ' s not because there are fewer seats in a row so the ratio ' s different actually mm yeah mm
41. bit and mm they were they were obvious they they were in a muddle about this extra class which has only been going since the beginning of september i think they ' ve brought it in oh the economy? oh no the end of august tha i think we were almost the first few flights the economy plus? yes it was worth it cos the seats were a decent size yeah but there was no to
42. which has only been going since the beginning of september i think they ' ve brought it in oh the economy? oh no the end of august tha i think we were almost the first few flights the economy plus? yes it was worth it cos the seats were a decent size yeah but there was no toi no toilet in our our block of seats huh? and we had to go through to economy
43. plus? yes it was worth it cos the seats were a decent size yeah but there was no toi no toilet in our our block of seats huh? and we had to go through to economy and right well almost to the end never end guess they haven ' t designed them for that no they hadn ' t designed it properly yet will they change the? change it according to erm how many
48. was if he just it ' s disconcerting me a little bit maybe i don ' t need a giant bike with loads of suspension nobody else drives one of them around here i was making an economy when i took that one out and now he ' s got me one that ' s just as bad overtaking i know was a a little bit cos everyone ' s got these like i dunno
49. it ' s quite a hard definition quite multi yeah exactly because it depends on a lot of factors doesn ' t it? like yeah are you able to import food? so then it ' s about economy yeah like it yeah yeah cos otherwise you could claim asylum from perth right and it ' s couldn ' t you right? yeah although er although actually the government would provide everything it would have to if
52. you can change no what ' s the point of changing the form? if they say i don ' t know the meaning of economists okay that ' s your your word and then you change it to economy and you write a sentence that ' s fine but mm really? so ju so this is what? use a different form of the word if possible disease but then they might mi they might choose a word
62. more or whether it was another short lived things i think it was unfortunately it was relatively short lived yeah which is possibly as well yeah the best one was either the one in the taxi or the land economy one i think my favourite was still the one walking to king ' s with the card i still like that one i think oh yes those were good there were a whole range of those which were good that
67. we bank it down with coke coal rather yeah mm yeah with taybrite yeah we did try another one but come back to taybrite again taybrite yeah we tried this er eco e economy coal yeah er e fifty or something yeah which is it ' s okay well yeah friendly environmentally friendly don ' t make so much carbon monoxide or dioxide or whatever it is whatever next door burn it just
75. think in the be well we ' ll come back to the best british oh have you got have you got british film industry on there cos no i ' ve cos if you go to british economy british film institute? no not the british film institute it ' s just an organization no no no hang on uh um may maybe it ' s not even true maybe none of them were like but it '
80. ' m not doing anything wrong because i wanna type cos i ' ll just be sitting here doing nothing if you were doing it yeah but we s right you really are uh insane holding that thing economy of great britain what am i looking for? films? well it ' s my thing we ' re looking for the top list of britain ' s highest i know we are highest grossing british films s does
93. a pool which probably won ' t be open they do have a pool? ooh oh you mean an outdoor pool? yes ah like i said probably not gonna be open i ' ll continue my economy version cos i ' m not braking down here i ' m covering the brake as we ' re going across this t junction yeah cos there are no speed cameras and therefore i ' m just gonna
108. yes yes that ' s a good idea yeah cos yeah it is a long long journey it is a long journey i i i i mean i don ' t do business class i ' m just economy with my knees under my chin and er no i i just fi and i think as you get older yep it it and i thi i do think it ' s harder but mhm tut there
113. it back on with a percentage he has but he wants it also one request shows i got no free wifi on the train i can recharge it with an hour and a half in the economy seven in the morning i ' ll recharge your bat your phone in the morning don ' t do it at night please do it in the car i ' ll tell you what it depends what i
121. birthday today so i sent her a birthday e - mail and er asked if she cos she tried she was gonna try and get um upgraded to um first class cos she was flying out in economy with virgin talk to her this one you have to pull them out there you go talk to her yes got it that ' s the one about the vajayjay anyway that ' s if that

Cluster 3
8. it wasn ' t extremely expensive like here either no no that ' s what i mean it was so the middle classes could afford it yeah yeah but i think was you know probably the height of their economy i don ' t know if it ' s that good any more and i don ' t think it will be for very much longer cos they ' ve sold all their stuff to china oh yeah yeah
9. can ' t believe it nothing in their country is older than forty years old wow oh that ' s strange isn ' t it? but they follow the american same as the states it it stimulates economy it ' s capitalism so in the states they do the same they don ' t change a building they knock it down and build a new one so if your but you see that would that ' s sad
14. be mm the and in the centre of that ' s been bulldozed and they ' re building houses but the pfi hospital is so they see themselves belonging to this as part of the health economy too oh i see and i just w er and because there ' s no acute big hospital for the s ccgs mm then some of their political small piece strategy is to run their health economy by limiting
15. health economy too oh i see and i just w er and because there ' s no acute big hospital for the s ccgs mm then some of their political small piece strategy is to run their health economy by limiting the amount of people that are referred to an acute trust cos they ' ve got three hospice hospitals sorry three cottage hospitals and the gps would like not to send people to hospital right because it
22. scale it fails yeah we just cannot yeah get to a learn point yeah where we learn mm so he erm draws out some facts and figures and he identifies that although people think america has the largest economy if you look at europe europe ' s economy is bigger than america ' s yes and it is the biggest in the world migh a slightly different population right but the concept of it ' s a similar
23. to a learn point yeah where we learn mm so he erm draws out some facts and figures and he identifies that although people think america has the largest economy if you look at europe europe ' s economy is bigger than america ' s yes and it is the biggest in the world migh a slightly different population right but the concept of it ' s a similar ma land mass lots of people uhu uh
29. and eh it ' s obvious the when you look at the the different amounts of money people earn some people like and in germany most people don ' t own their property mm hm and look at their economy they haven ' t got a problem with it mm i mean i didn ' t buy that house next door till when i was twenty - sev and it ' s only cos i thought i was
30. you spend your credit with someone else so there ' s no money it ' s a good idea it ' s just like a skills exchange this is the future yeah i look forward to a moneyless economy yeah in fact yeah i suppose that ' s the collapse of a global economy really which i think we ' re kind of on the brink of you know there are several trillions of pounds owed by whom
31. s a good idea it ' s just like a skills exchange this is the future yeah i look forward to a moneyless economy yeah in fact yeah i suppose that ' s the collapse of a global economy really which i think we ' re kind of on the brink of you know there are several trillions of pounds owed by whom to whom you know it ' s all yeah i know i know it '
33. refugees are welcomed and are helped to integrate into the community in denmark i think it is denmark one of the scandinavian countries is desperate for young workers they are welcoming refugees with open arms to boost their worker economy so you know it just looks very much to me like the media in different countries for political ends decide to put a certain yeah mm i think just you know no mm mm mm yeah focus on different things
35. they they do have forty percent of the world ' s poor people but they have but they have massive resources yeah they are a big capable yeah em coun country with a ma with a vast expanding economy and all that mm yeah so actually i agree with that it is yeah it is it means the people who need it can get it rather than the people who really don ' t need it are getting it
38. is it e d p? no their an their annual figures? gdp? gdp their gdp and er they ' re above england by point one billion yeah and brazil have like really taken off in their economy oh okay and they were they were they were going to do they were going to do a big thing about it today actually i might have a look when i get back cos they were gonna cos
44. or yeah yeah yeah the uh the crescent of of destruction or something no i like the crescent of destruction um so yeah if you iran is a massive country and also it ' s got quite a big economy which is forecast to grow like a lot of people reckon that it ' s gonna become uh one of the bigger new economies like uh bit like turkey and mexico and stuff yeah um that area ' s really
51. thing yes which obviously they collect erm er business rates business rates yes so obviously if people didn ' t shop there no they wouldn ' t be able to tax that well it would boost the local economy and prices were expensive anyway weren ' t they they were in cafes and ice creams and so on yes
55. parliament mm so i dunno ah there ' s fiddling all over the place yeah well it happens everywhere doesn ' t it? everywhere i mean in in in other countries they call it the black economy isn ' t it? economy don ' t they? mm and that ' s the same as this place is yeah it ' s like it always has been though has has been well i mean the black
56. ah there ' s fiddling all over the place yeah well it happens everywhere doesn ' t it? everywhere i mean in in in other countries they call it the black economy isn ' t it? economy don ' t they? mm and that ' s the same as this place is yeah it ' s like it always has been though has has been well i mean the black economy in this country is say
59. i was working there um i mean the office the office space has gotta be quite cheap like but there was there was quite a few little little companies um working there th there was a bit of an economy you know and they had a bit of the like i you know the sort of shops and things that you ' d associate with uh with with people like people commuting to you know uh rather than
60. s like how the fuck do you do the world? fourteen but also i feel yeah like a massive thing it ' s like it ' s just the thought we don ' t really have a creative economy we have like the way we make money in this country is like through finance yeah exac and through like marketing yeah no i know but yeah so but we have to build a creative economy to validate
61. a creative economy we have like the way we make money in this country is like through finance yeah exac and through like marketing yeah no i know but yeah so but we have to build a creative economy to validate people investing money in our yeah of course country so it ' s like that ' s why there ' s this like irresponsible push to like be all our creative like our creative
71. was um there was a lot of news about that i think back in whenever it was um and they ' re so they they have a really enormous amount of money that was injected into um into their economy yeah yeah um which is the world ' s biggest um and uh that seems to me to be a slightly different technique to what ' s going in over in europe it ' s seems to be always um
72. got one truck erm then you know the whole of the m25 or the whole of the m56 or whatever can grind to a halt and yeah and from the economic effect of that on the economy of britain could be enormous mm because if you if you ' ve got thousands of people arriving late for work and so on and so forth and then well and also we transport a lot of stuff on the
78. a market share of seven percent ooh i suppose james bond does count actually doesn ' t it? i dunno it just doesn ' t say there ' s not a list are you on the economy thing? yeah i ' ve just got the british film institute has produced a poll ranking did did did you google it? yeah did you google it? yeah yeah if you go to wikipedia britain economy of
79. economy thing? yeah i ' ve just got the british film institute has produced a poll ranking did did did you google it? yeah did you google it? yeah yeah if you go to wikipedia britain economy of great britain that seems like such an obscure way to go round it though no because it ' ll mention cos because that ' s one quite a big aspect of bri like it ' s quite
81. thing we ' re looking for the top list of britain ' s highest i know we are highest grossing british films s does that not bring that on google? n no so you ' re on the economy of uk where are you? i ' m up to history macroeconomic trends currency exports will it be in exports? uh could be yeah i mean i is there not a section on sectors? um no
82. in germany and it k it was traced back to beansprouts that er that ' s right the the germans blamed yeah the german media blamed spain spanish costing the that ' s right costing the spanish economy that ' s right yeah huge amounts of money well like no one wanted to but spanish cucumbers or something then like spanish cucumber yeah and er stupid isn ' t it but actually i think
84. mad well no but if you ' d have to do it by you ' re just doing it by bartering yeah you aren ' t contributing to the the whole the whole of the country ' s economy yeah yeah and therefore you might mm be okay yeah erm but other people will have to pay more for the roads and the railway and mm yeah and everything and you will be living off what they pay
87. more growth and more money in the economy so that like maybe people like the kinds of bars i was talking about they ' re not parti not particularly profitable yeah no no no in terms of the economy well um and a lot of that the bar thing would have an element of cash - in - hand - ness about it and i think it did you know you when when you were saying you ' d
90. it yeah it ' s making it ' s making an industry out of nothing yeah exactly i mean that ' s cos it is it ' s fresh air and that ' s so much of our economy is based on that yeah it ' s such a shame but when it becomes a crying shame when our energy and our income a hard earned income is having to be spent on something somebody has plucked out of
91. because they own bugatti they own who? bentley bentley and porsche seat skoda aaudi audi listen it won ' t it can ' t go bust because the germans just the gurgerman economy twenty - two thousand people work for yeah volkswagen in wolfsburg alone let alone the two that work in i think people will forget you mean there are two working in? sarcasm i think yeah they tried they
95. money and then yeah went back right? yeah yeah mm yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah i suppose they have you know enough money to like build a house or whatever so yeah has the erm has the economy kind of european economy changed so it ' s that a lot of work gets outsourced to poland or? dunno i ' ve heard of it kind of being like romania and bulgaria and that kind
96. went back right? yeah yeah mm yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah i suppose they have you know enough money to like build a house or whatever so yeah has the erm has the economy kind of european economy changed so it ' s that a lot of work gets outsourced to poland or? dunno i ' ve heard of it kind of being like romania and bulgaria and that kind of thing no?
97. i think so like i think like most people don ' t want to take risks in other countries as much because like greece yeah like greece why? well because cos greece is like the the damned economy yeah well but it ' s not about an investment yeah exactly no of course i know that that ' s why people won ' t wanna do it no but but for everybody it ' s all about an
98. s a huge mountain range and so it ' s got a lot of desert there there isn ' t mu lot of agricultural land so it ' s it ' s up to them to to develop their economy so they can buy in er food stuffs so they buy in dried milk en masse apparently new zealand since i ' ve been there er has changed considerably and they now instead of having lots of sheep
99. that ' s alright pop it there alright erm er but er ththe the erm the er er the the people who came after him realised of that of course that they the the the the economy needed to be needed to grow to sustain the number of people that were in china so ever since er mao ' s time er the there ' s been much more ememphasis on the economy and
100. economy needed to be needed to grow to sustain the number of people that were in china so ever since er mao ' s time er the there ' s been much more ememphasis on the economy and education and erm and now they ' re saying doctors and teachers have got erm guaranteed or you know er will have guaranteed pensions at the end of their mm erm employment er when they retire
102. chart of er growth in gdp over these last several erm parliaments well well of course you know that ' s why we ' re having to pay all this extra money to europe cos our economy is doing so really well what a storm in a teacup that was what a bit of yes what a shaming and embarrassing incident but also again it ' s typical cameron you know you get one point
106. yeah cos it ' s ridiculous yeah but then at the same time they ' re really good i mean employment but like the structure is fucked like the the fact that it ' s such a service economy is i think that ' s really bad but then at the same time those are really good desirable jobs for people to have yeah so like but i don ' t think it ' s good cos they
114. we don ' t want them over here do we? er america controls something like i forget what the figure is but it ' s a s a big figure yeah er percentage of the world ' s economy well i suppose they do but why are they so much in debt? they ' re something like they ' re trillions in debt they ' re something like sixty percent of the world economy yeah that figure
115. ' s economy well i suppose they do but why are they so much in debt? they ' re something like they ' re trillions in debt they ' re something like sixty percent of the world economy yeah that figure might be totally outrageous but it ' s it ' s something mind - blowing yeah as er considering how big they are but why have they got so much debt? well and how how do
116. they reckon in oh china this company alright it all belongs to one bloke yeah oh er right yeah who ' s really but apparently they say in china it ' s doing wonders for the rural economy yeah? because before you had all these villages where people are living hand to mouth yeah you know like every family ' s got like three acres and they spend all the year growing food just to eat and
117. children are then seeing no future in it and then leaving to j move to these cities that ' s right yeah but because of alibaba these people can now get into the sort of the rural economy making stuff oh i see yeah and can s flog it on alibaba oh right whereas before they they ' d then have to take it to a market which is only a limited market anyway that
118. of the money you could save but that ' s what people say about germany cos germany aren ' t allowed to spend money on it yeah that ' s right no weapons and they have the strongest economy yeah that is that is such a bonus and the well i don ' t know yeah do they have an army? are they not allowed either? no after the second world war all these restrictions but they
119. for when i move away from home mm ah i will be investing in the best yes tin opener available yes i am not gonna put up with a substandard tin opener it ' s a false economy it really is yeah no i i ' m not entirely sure what that means but yes well you know? i i it ' s to economise in such a fashion is sort of not false but
122. gonna affect us all more than you said ah i don ' t care mm it wont affect me but i i think it will cos it ' ll affect the the i was gonna say british economy but we ' re mm i mean the english economy erm mm but in if you ' re a scot er today i mean the i suppose this was coming from the no camp mm that erm
123. don ' t care mm it wont affect me but i i think it will cos it ' ll affect the the i was gonna say british economy but we ' re mm i mean the english economy erm mm but in if you ' re a scot er today i mean the i suppose this was coming from the no camp mm that erm er the national health service that that would be effect
128. re talking about being westernised i mean or whatever what do they call now? yeah that ' s massive isn ' t it mm and that must that must have well that must be good for their economy to be like that mm because they ' ve had to build that stuff well it ' s like all these erm port towns you know like and yeah whatever the other one is the massive one yeah yeah
129. is that ' s a big big surprise well it ' s got the biggest population of any country hasn ' t it india has mm they overtook china recently yeah and er yeah when you think that their economy is everything from you know mud hut rural economy that ' s right you know people you know sort of dying of starvation and no water no toilets no nothing no electric and then you get other bits of the
130. it ' s got the biggest population of any country hasn ' t it india has mm they overtook china recently yeah and er yeah when you think that their economy is everything from you know mud hut rural economy that ' s right you know people you know sort of dying of starvation and no water no toilets no nothing no electric and then you get other bits of the economy where they ' re sending you know orbit
131. everything from you know mud hut rural economy that ' s right you know people you know sort of dying of starvation and no water no toilets no nothing no electric and then you get other bits of the economy where they ' re sending you know orbiters around mars that ' s right yeah yeah what is that about and stuff like that why did they do that though? i mean it seems such a waste well

