Cluster 1
2. guy who had kind of discovered this thing about how you sleep and how your body is and how it relates to earth and erm he was an electrician and erm so when you have got electricity you have to make it go back to the earth you make it ground you go to go you have to connect it to the ground mm and so he is kind of old and he is in pain and
3. to the earth you make it ground you go to go you have to connect it to the ground mm and so he is kind of old and he is in pain and he noticed how much kind of electricity there just is around you and stuff right and he started thinking about it and he was thinking about how humans aren ' t really connected to the earth they ' re not connected to the ground mm like they
4. that you are in buildings yeah mm mm so your body your feet don ' t really touch the ground yeah they ' re insulated from the ground so what he erm because there was all this electricity around he found it out in his bedroom there was a lot of electricity coming from his walls and the appliances and all this kind of stuff oh so what he did was he erm created this thing that
5. ' t really touch the ground yeah they ' re insulated from the ground so what he erm because there was all this electricity around he found it out in his bedroom there was a lot of electricity coming from his walls and the appliances and all this kind of stuff oh so what he did was he erm created this thing that helped insulate him from erm from from the electricity so he was
6. lot of electricity coming from his walls and the appliances and all this kind of stuff oh so what he did was he erm created this thing that helped insulate him from erm from from the electricity so he was in a kind of an electricity neutral zone yeah mm which he called a grounding mat yeah so this thing helped his body avoid the electricity i think is what they are kind of suggesting and
7. appliances and all this kind of stuff oh so what he did was he erm created this thing that helped insulate him from erm from from the electricity so he was in a kind of an electricity neutral zone yeah mm which he called a grounding mat yeah so this thing helped his body avoid the electricity i think is what they are kind of suggesting and erm after years of being on medication he
8. insulate him from erm from from the electricity so he was in a kind of an electricity neutral zone yeah mm which he called a grounding mat yeah so this thing helped his body avoid the electricity i think is what they are kind of suggesting and erm after years of being on medication he had to take medication to be able to go to sleep he erm he found out that on the first
9. a lot of beach walking mm didn ' t we? so take your shoes off yeah erm yeah and sort of being in the sea and being connected with nature and being away from a lot of electricity mm because we really weren ' t really very near electricity quite a lot of the time you know yeah because we were well away from houses and buildings so yeah it ' s an interesting thought innit?
10. so take your shoes off yeah erm yeah and sort of being in the sea and being connected with nature and being away from a lot of electricity mm because we really weren ' t really very near electricity quite a lot of the time you know yeah because we were well away from houses and buildings so yeah it ' s an interesting thought innit? mm it is yeah it is and especially what i i
11. it really helped not having anything electrical in your bedroom while you ' re sleeping yeah but i still think yeah i think there are in a way too many appliances in this house that are sort of conducting electricity yeah erm yeah i think that ' s it that ' s prob i mean that ' s probably why going camping is so relaxing too you know it ' s erm it is it ' s
12. i think that ' s it that ' s prob i mean that ' s probably why going camping is so relaxing too you know it ' s erm it is it ' s getting away from electricity yeah it is interesting that i hadn ' t thought of it mm but even i wonder if you just kind of got into the habit of not erm walking around with your shoes on when you are inside
28. specialise in? i did mechanical engineering of which half of it was pain painful and useless so what ' s mechanical engineering? it that about engines em it ' s about it ' s not about electricity cos that ' s electrical engineering it ' s not about computers it ' s not about buildings so it ' s basically yeah car engines pumps um trying to think what else th there ' s a lot
29. th there ' s a lot of thermodynamics which is so you ' ve got like a fluid like water is used a lot in a power station for example to transmit energy and make electricity so there ' s a lot of mechanical engineering involved in that mm and the things that carry the water and what not mm very intriguing and do you use did you do a masters in that? yeah and
38. you? dungeness dungeness yes mm and they started off on this tour we did and they said anyone who had a breakfast of bacon and egg this morning it was fried on nuclear powered electricity and er that was a really good stab at so you ' ve had the benefit of nuclear power on your bacon and egg mm mm but what they ' re going to do and going to is er you
39. a little bit more difficult mm the they do it they can do it in a laboratory you know experimentally to demonstrate it but getting it to be up and running mm to put it into production for electricity is er just but it will come it will they will get it that way mm because electricity it ' s so we ' re dependent on it mm all over aren ' t we? we can ' t
40. know experimentally to demonstrate it but getting it to be up and running mm to put it into production for electricity is er just but it will come it will they will get it that way mm because electricity it ' s so we ' re dependent on it mm all over aren ' t we? we can ' t do without it now mm mm and when er faraday michael faraday mm first did it
41. ve got it on the maps it ' s stopped at didn ' t come through to but anyhow i think they ' ve more or less got it through to come to now mm electric mm so electricity is the is the key isn ' t it? and when you think when you go back and you look at the sistine chapel which you have done and you see that er adam reaching out mm to
45. shop think otherwise we ' ve we ' ve got a problem but i would have said that you were better off putting your money into basic research to er be able to store find a way of storing electricity er and a way of generating it from the power of the sun but not putting acres of solar panels down over fields is not the way forward in my book have they done that in america? they still
46. right i think well in fact one er one possible way for us if you put the solar panels in the sahara desert near the equator on a couple of wires erm and develop a way of transmitting electricity that ' s doesn ' t result in too too many losses it ' s probably a better way of doing it cos you ' ll generate far more from a solar panel on the equator than you will
48. ' s not just like you need physical electrons to go right into the battery yeah exactly well then there must be physical shit moving round in the air for it to be wifi you can have physical electricity moving around in the air that ' s beta that ' s beta radiation isn ' t it? yeah but that that ' s really fucking weird i don ' t like it just i saw it was on
70. they start doing when i mean we ' ve had some quite freaky little instances since you know cos it takes them a while yeah they reckon to come back through but yes ele specially with electricity mm things like tellies yeah telly turning itself on and off yeah you know? things like tha yeah we ' d be talking about my dad the next minute the telly ' d come on yeah
84. cuts the grapes off the vine doesn ' t it? i dunno he was yeah i doubt it ' s electronically i dunno no it is honestly there ' s so it cuts the grape with electricity? that doesn ' t really make no no no no an electronic car thing oh a machine that drives at like sorry i right i i understand in between the vines oh i thought you were saying like i
85. i i understand in between the vines oh i thought you were saying like i was saying it ' s not a person who does it on like large scale producing oh i thought you meant it was like electricity that cut it and i was like i mean these must be small scale producers mustn ' t they? i would have thought so it might be like a franchise you know whoever sell their grapes to sort
88. get them showing them on the news of yeah er so you do see them the fork lightning it ' s just like you say it depends on clouds and where you are and can they not er get electricity from storms? erm could they not? it would be just so unpredictable wouldn ' t it? yeah i know but i guess you can could they not sometimes? but it ' s probably just not
93. ve got mm um a great big mast a er a wireless mast yeah i reckon it must be something like that mm and just over there we ' ve got the high voltage um yeah pylons electricity yeah and if you i t if you walk under one of them pylons with the fluorescent tube and hold it up like that it lights just from being near it just from being near it yeah mm
97. like you can hold yeah it just like bolts you yeah it ' s really weird i was always i was really afraid of them as a child cos i thought if you threw something at then the electricity would get you so i used to have i once was in a house where you could see the fen electric fence from under the doorway so i would like throw a stick at it and hide you can '
107. ve got all the other ones now i think it ' s passed choose another one i just took a load this is in this is in a plug oh wait what? wires no earth no electrics electricity small little thing small little thing fuse yeah er this is on a door hinge handle no well well just skip that then window panel no you turn it to open handle no your turn it knob knob door
108. know what the legal distance is now but no i i do i ' m sure they had to make it bigger than it was mm i mean think about all the electromagnetic force yeah so these are just electricity? yeah just electricity? yeah why can ' t they put them underground? i just don ' t understand underground? it looks like it ' s falling down you can ' t put them underground those wires
109. distance is now but no i i do i ' m sure they had to make it bigger than it was mm i mean think about all the electromagnetic force yeah so these are just electricity? yeah just electricity? yeah why can ' t they put them underground? i just don ' t understand underground? it looks like it ' s falling down you can ' t put them underground those wires look like they '
113. anyway what is that even of where is that? it ' s the electric wherever that is there ' s four different ones they ' ve got a reading here rate one rate two rate three rate four electricity well where are our electricity meters? i don ' t know is that downstairs in that cupboard? should in they ' ve taken a picture of the fridge oh good look the stove the stove top good it
118. lamps yeah obviously neon but it ' s made such a big difference to the quality of the pig erm i haven ' t measured the electric but i ' m sure it ' s a lot less electricity erm using the heat lamps yeah cos a lot they don ' t it ' s not as hot there ' s not a lot of wasted heat can you use halogen lamps? yeah you can
128. they get a a tumble dryer cos their parents have them and you don ' t have to iron anything i know they are nice everything comes out like warm and fresh they just use to much electricity mm if we had one of those little odometer things like how much electricity you ' re using they were saying the other day i don ' t know what ' s up with them i don '
129. ' t have to iron anything i know they are nice everything comes out like warm and fresh they just use to much electricity mm if we had one of those little odometer things like how much electricity you ' re using they were saying the other day i don ' t know what ' s up with them i don ' t know whether you said that the parameters of it and say you know this how
130. x amount of energy today maybe they had it set really low don ' t put anything on eco mode like you have one light on the light on in one room for five minutes it ' s like electricity used but their whole thing was like and i guess it is good cos it ' s people it ' s like probably didn ' t realise how much energy they were using cos you do forget yeah
134. it has its own light at night it can be a bit right bright yeah yeah yeah no they ' re really really good the only problem is is they do use up quite a lot of erm electricity electricity oh yeah i guess so so the best ones i ' m hoping someone will do it but they ' re erm basically you can get these led ones now mm oh that ' d be much better
135. has its own light at night it can be a bit right bright yeah yeah yeah no they ' re really really good the only problem is is they do use up quite a lot of erm electricity electricity oh yeah i guess so so the best ones i ' m hoping someone will do it but they ' re erm basically you can get these led ones now mm oh that ' d be much better at
138. er things that but you know it ' s happen along the way the thing ' s gotta be interesting the characters have gotta be interesting there ' s gotta be friction there there ' s gotta be yeah electricity there yeah yeah the whole thing and you kn it it ' s a it takes pick pick your team doesn ' t it? because er yeah i ' ve seen films that were er yeah they could have
141. they made us do at remember that? yes the the drink lots of water because you ' re you you ' re brain needs water to function because it ' s it it it your brain runs on electricity electricity and water conducts electricity where do you even start with that and i think it ' s the same people who said that the water is absorbed through your mouth into your brain through the roof of your mouth
142. made us do at remember that? yes the the drink lots of water because you ' re you you ' re brain needs water to function because it ' s it it it your brain runs on electricity electricity and water conducts electricity where do you even start with that and i think it ' s the same people who said that the water is absorbed through your mouth into your brain through the roof of your mouth or
143. remember that? yes the the drink lots of water because you ' re you you ' re brain needs water to function because it ' s it it it your brain runs on electricity electricity and water conducts electricity where do you even start with that and i think it ' s the same people who said that the water is absorbed through your mouth into your brain through the roof of your mouth or something yes your mouth
144. come out what they have nowadays here is the little fans that you sit on top oh yeah yeah yeah i and the heat i ' ve got to get one and the heat mm crcreates a electricity starts it ' s the and and has a motor er it starts going yeah and yeah er well no they d they just run by heat no these have these have a motor but it ' s it '
153. i can ' t remember mm and she ' s got shocked as well she got shocked as well yeah she got shocked as well but not that badly and she was and then and then she gave the electricity into him and he woke up oh yes but he was very tired and he just got yeah and he had to go back to his and he had to go back to his sleep for a hundred years a
154. out how to do it and got it to stay on permanently yeah well ours stopped flashing so they ' re working fine but er they won ' ' t flash anymoreany more yeah they use virtually no electricity compared to the mm yeah it ' s also less of a fire risk cos they don ' t heat up er so many of the sthe small bulbs can get quite hot mm yeah i mean imagine
156. out a pair of them to wear in the day and picking out a nice pair of ironed you know the ironed ones? do they also get stuck together? er what electrically you mean? electricity? no like do you fold them over each other no just lay them flat there ' s a tailback there is and i hadn ' t really noticed it ' s all that talking they ' ve probably

Cluster 2
0. like that i think dating or marrying somebody in the building trade is a really clever idea despite the fact that your conversations might be limited he ' d be able to do your kitchen bathroom windows flooring electricity and plumbing as well all free yes yes they are so i ' m deciding on whether it ' s worth marrying somebody in the building trade and foregoing good conversation and intelligence or not some it depends on
1. a us having access to the roof whenever we need it and not having to knock on doors because er we ' ve seen as with the people in the crypt you say we need permanent access to the electricity room and the gas room yeah er and the the plant and everything and then you have to argue with them to get a bloody key and then and then er before you turn round they ' ve changed the
13. ##lognese is easy it takes a little while it does take a little while but once you get it on it ' s nice and easy mm and erm doesn ' t that cost a lot of electricity now though? er it does doesn ' t it fuck oh bugger i don ' t really want to leave anything on for four hours do you think profanity ' s okay on this thing?
14. cos cos like going out i ' d be away from technology as well yeah cos but then let ' s refresh this my dad ' s got my dad ' s village has got electricity so i could oh yeah keep technology now it didn ' t when i first started visiting did it? i can ' t remember i was too young and how did that make you feel when you come back
15. t you move down? he said but i ' ve got everything i need mm he said i ' ve got a workshop i ' ve got an office down the bottom of my garden he said with electricity heating a toilet i work from there he said and er i ' ve got everything i need the kids keep saying to me get out dad get out he said there are one or two families i said where
16. now it is encouraging to find out that it ' s not fitting the doors yeah is ' s handyman who is not qualified in any regard right and whenever there is a problem with the boiler gas electricity water any kind of handy stuff she just sends and he just can ' t cope with it well he ' s just a really old man who gives it all that when he ' s here he ' s
17. is bad don ' t eat too much butter but it ' s yeah but it ' s real food ggo for erm that you ' re eating go for the grill although it ' s more electricity it always tastes nicer doesn ' t it? totoaster so what you do is don ' t cos it dries the toast the bread out so what you do is erm where '
18. erm we tracked back over the next day but we went to a waterfall which was pretty awesome it was but erm like we stayed in the village and we were cos it was like no electricity maybe running water no no no they had like very limited like running water supplies in certain places and like literally bamboo huts and they just go on to the rice fields and work so that was well it was
19. don ' t pay council tax oh that ' s something yeah so yo what about your water you have to pay that? we have to pay water we have to pay internet we hav gas and electricity there ' s no gas it ' s just electricity so about a grand will be going out won ' t it? a month i really hope it ' s not another two fifty on bills i mean and
20. something yeah so yo what about your water you have to pay that? we have to pay water we have to pay internet we hav gas and electricity there ' s no gas it ' s just electricity so about a grand will be going out won ' t it? a month i really hope it ' s not another two fifty on bills i mean and i won ' t put on any heating trick shot
21. much true but don ' t they have to rent premises to do this? mm yeah so i mean that ' s massive so they do have that overhead yeah that ' s a massive expense plus the electricity and water mm and there ' s no guaranteed levels of income here you know they ' re just mm true but these have been going for years in australia like the one at the convent in melbourne mm that
22. didn ' t reflect where normally because i have a erm a spreadsheet erm macro driven it erm i every month at the end of the month i take the gas reading and the electricity reading bit sad but i know how much i ' m spending and i can see over the year what the temperature was like so i can tell you was it warmer last june than it was this june co
23. was like so i can tell you was it warmer last june than it was this june cos i ' ll go and have a look at the gas and i ' ll have a look at the electricity but the winter or are you more sensitive to it yeah the winter will give me more of a a a false reading cos like i said was erm cold all the time yeah so you erm
24. island in sunlight but you fell into the and the island i forgot to tell you about that it ' s like a huge huge theme park every day it had something new and it didn ' t have electricity how were the games the rides operating? i think i might know solar power mm but there was one which had numchucks in the performance though had numchucks in it? yeah but
25. little wheel did i tell you that er when we was cleaning well partly cleaning the garage out yes i came across this bike wheel with a dynamo in it in the hub the recent oh the to power electricity for the national grid doesn ' t it look beautiful yes yeah and and that ' s it down there is it? yes yes fifty houses i i ' ll bet erm what ' s that love?
26. so you ' d be doing all your grinding in late september october by the time it ' s freezing yeah mm mm mm november december you should have it all done hopefully mm but it also gives the electricity for the houses did it? erm i think that was later on were they? that was later on yes mm yes mm i was gonna say the the bulbs wouldn ' t be out actually the first
27. a human on the phone hardly if you want this number press that if you want this number press that and all you get is all these different numbers to press through yeah yeah i tried to pay my electricity bill and it was after eight o ' clock and most automated services run twenty - four seven yeah yeah yes they do don ' t they? i tried to pay on a on a s on a saturday
30. think grown up on he ' s got a granddaughter oh which adores you know? but erm so he ' s paying this money this so does it does that money cover all his rent his electricity and his food? well she dodoesn ' t think it does but he thinks it ' s more than enough because and he she hasn ' t got a mortgage no gosh that sounds quite cheap
31. contribute and i can live without it but he ' s ha he ' s owned his own home so he must know what it costs to run a home in terms of well it yeah council tax gas electricity water sky phone i know but i think he ha it was a very small house in and i think the bill you know and he his his erm point i think is he could easily rent somewhere and
32. now apparently that you can have by your sink yeah and they do hot water cold water or or boiling water instantly now how they do that that ' s just must be some kind of special electri electricity thing they go through i don ' t know okay if it ' s a hadron collider spin off well i yes it could be yeah this is probably how they got the science funding for it
33. the payments herself yeah because it was it was silly me doing some and doing when she had curtains and carpets and things she could f she could pay those mm but the big you know er things like electricity bill and builders and things like that well it looks that i it looks like i started paying the fees at the end of november which doesn ' t really make any sense whatsoever did you not pay any by
34. you statements i wish they wouldn ' t print other things on the oh er back of it it is it it mm it ' s you the uh decades ago they talked about computers saving paper yeah our electricity bills used to come on a piece of paper two - thirds the size of an a4 mm mm yeah and you know they ' d print back and front with useless information ba um credit card statements used
35. they ' re still there when people were staying there been there for a few weeks haven ' t they? mm well they ' ve been there ages yeah mm but to me when it comes to this electricity business i ' m sure will collect correct me if i ' m wrong but i think france the majority of france ' s electricity and we buy some of their electricity over here is from nuclear mm is that
36. ve been there ages yeah mm but to me when it comes to this electricity business i ' m sure will collect correct me if i ' m wrong but i think france the majority of france ' s electricity and we buy some of their electricity over here is from nuclear mm is that right? mm yeah it ' s practical mm but we don ' t we don ' t want it do we? we do
37. to me when it comes to this electricity business i ' m sure will collect correct me if i ' m wrong but i think france the majority of france ' s electricity and we buy some of their electricity over here is from nuclear mm is that right? mm yeah it ' s practical mm but we don ' t we don ' t want it do we? we do well it ' s there are some
42. it cos you can ' t store it at the moment mm oh well you can ' t store a meaningful amount like that guy up mm who was trying to lecture us that oh you can store electricity now he said mm with er water up hills and mm interconnectors and spare wind turbine power in scotland can be exported to norway mm erm but you know they ' re just playing with it
43. now the rate of change is enormous mm and you know as at the wedding on saturday about energy efficiency that yeah you will get some reduction with energy efficiency but all the other things coming along er the electricity is consumption ' s gonna go up we ' re electrifying half the railways at the minute mm and you need a lot of solar panels to run a railway mm electric cars mm well it ' s
44. panels and we ' ve gotta do something to cut our energy consumption down and i asked her how they were gonna do that er and then she said we ' ve gotta get another source for for our electricity and i said what ' s that? and she said well solar panels and wind turbines and i said you ' ve gotta be joking mm and then she did say well possibly tidal and wave and i said
47. better way of doing it cos you ' ll generate far more from a solar panel on the equator than you will at the latitude we ' re at but you ' re gonna lose a lot of electricity over that transmission to just as yeah how much would you lose? well a lot? well it would be more than ten percent i would think mm it er it er yeah probably quite a bit more than
49. i said i said that a year ago to and like they should do this they should do that absolutely and they ' ve fucking done it now nicked my idea yeah to like to to run the electricity in a gym and power that ' s what i said right? that ' s what i said and powered by the people doing pedalling and stuff like that okay so it ' s nature i have to
50. good and then i walked through and i saw dad was there and so it was fine we were trying to turn it off we couldn ' t work it out so we had to just flick the main electricity switch the fuse shit and it ' s knocked out lots of lights in the house as well so real r they realised that the house is really badly wired ah bless for the first time things you find out
51. it? perfect back that ' s a bit peculiar must say that i ' ve never heard of that one before girls yeah but we might have accidentally done that for the day who ' s paying the electricity bill? what? bet you were their favourite tenants actually what with the whole what like turning the oven on when you got really cold yeah yeah we did that yeah yeah and just opened all the compartments of
52. t think yeah that that would justify it but no you ' re no you know you ' re not costing him anything no either financially or well i ' ve just said to him listen i know that electricity is expensive and er i know that it ' s going to be coming to winter and please let me know what we owe you well yeah because we ' ll pay for it you know there ' s absolutely
53. ll have one more beer i ' ve got one for when i get home whack two quid on the electric and all yawning yeah how how far ' s two pounds go on electricity though? it goes quite well just gas does it? fucking don ' t last five minutes oh that ' s alright then cos er my flat in brighton the whole flat is electricity is it? i
54. pounds go on electricity though? it goes quite well just gas does it? fucking don ' t last five minutes oh that ' s alright then cos er my flat in brighton the whole flat is electricity is it? i thought it was gonna cost me more money i thought electricity was more expensive than gas no well even m i dunno down there but i mean fucking the gas goes what does your hot
55. fucking don ' t last five minutes oh that ' s alright then cos er my flat in brighton the whole flat is electricity is it? i thought it was gonna cost me more money i thought electricity was more expensive than gas no well even m i dunno down there but i mean fucking the gas goes what does your hot water? gas do you shower down there now? yeah oh so it goes
56. three four times a day using them that much i mean i dunno how much longer this one ' s gonna last no it doesn ' t damage you it doesn ' t h whack your electricity too much? no no that ' s good to know what was it i had three pound seventy - five what ' s the date? do you wanna cup of tea mum? mm okay three pound seventy
57. something how do you top it up? oh yeah yeah the gas and the key yeah er what you got down yours? i don ' t know i would like i cos everything ' s on electricity we would like it to ha just have a top - up key you must have an electric key then? and then everyth and then unless we just get one no cos you couldn ' t get
58. key you must have an electric key then? and then everyth and then unless we just get one no cos you couldn ' t get one bill from all those different unless we just get one electricity bill a month no you must have electric key but that ' s good and you just all you do is walk in the shop say look i want three quid on there yeah you slide it in the
59. ' s paid by the company well yeah say look i ' ve just moved in that debt ain ' t mine how do you get the debt on it though? cos it ' s does the electricity just cut off when you ' ve run out of money? cos the well no you can go into the emergency ah ah same as the gas the gas is the worst one just goes into emergency?
60. fucking two hundred quid yeah then you ' ve got your own gas on should just leave it on yeah so yeah alright well yeah well ring me up when you get down there yeah it is only electricity so we ' re hoping it will help us manage our bills better cos i mean we ' re not gonna oh i i tell you what i don ' t wanna waste money like in the winter we
61. are white people it ' s like that poem we read mm hm do you remember the one for er for our gcse the one about the indian girl who said there was loads of white people electricity yeah no just no oh erm no something with the girl and he ' s got like a on her hand yeah yeah oh er a lone er er lost girl? lonely girl? erm don '
62. - old and i like spent it all you hear me? the ccold and dark nights you ' ve got coming you wanna spread your penpennies out mm cold dark nights i do still have electricity and a roof over my head in the wintertime and that i ' m hoping that people around us ' ll insulate us a little bit don ' t bank on it not with these big sash windows
63. erm to live haven ' t we? yeah it ' s just any money we earn is money that we can do stuff with like visit family visit friends how does your erm how does your electricity work? do they read your meter every month or do they estimate it? they estimate it don ' t they? yeah it ' s estimated and they read it once a year but i do it all
64. household yeah yeah well my water out of everything is going to be the shocker i mean we don ' t use a lot of water well yeah we ' ve been told our el they estimated our electricity as sixty pound a month with the water or what but that ' s just a general estimate for this type of property are you are you water metered here? are you in a water meter? is
65. s that ' s if it ' s metered it might not be metered yeah it might not be metered but if it ' s not metered then thing is we ' ve contacted the electricity that ' s fine we ' ve got the internet the water company the water company we were on we used our credit on hold to them i was on hold for like half an hour credit run out had
66. no they ' re not very useful for things like that we phoned up they gave us a telephone number they said here ' s a telephone number ring it up and you can find out who your electricity is and you can find out who your water is mm but and they did actually the er company that came and did the inventory for this flat and then we had that external company come and measure up everything
67. and they did actually the er company that came and did the inventory for this flat and then we had that external company come and measure up everything mm they had taken pictures of our meter but only the electricity and logged it but only the electricity not the water they didn ' t take a picture of any any other meter well what confused us is there were four pictures for our electricity and we were like why we
68. that came and did the inventory for this flat and then we had that external company come and measure up everything mm they had taken pictures of our meter but only the electricity and logged it but only the electricity not the water they didn ' t take a picture of any any other meter well what confused us is there were four pictures for our electricity and we were like why we don ' t have four meters do
69. our meter but only the electricity and logged it but only the electricity not the water they didn ' t take a picture of any any other meter well what confused us is there were four pictures for our electricity and we were like why we don ' t have four meters do we? but we have some complex we have four tariffs tariff system oh god so like so there ' s like a it ' s more
71. ' s good it is good so it ' s ninety - four thousand it ' s over twenty thousand dirham cheaper a year yeah madness and and it ' s then when you start counting things like electricity and water bills exactly and internet and tv bill which is four hundred and yeah it ' s not cheap fifty dirham a month or something insane yeah it ' s it ' s actually more like thirty thousand
72. is that? that ' s only a new thingy though isn ' t it? yeah this house is just so warm like that ' s probably why just i ' m so confused to why our electricity and gas bill is so expensive god knows when we don ' t even turn like we haven ' t had the heating on since like may not even may i ' m sure it was like april mm maybe
73. ' t be able to live cos you know i know you ' re living at ' s at the minute just for a bit but still you get your food you get your water you get your electricity you get your washing done that would cost you like seventy pounds per week just for you to live and that ' s without getting anywhere or mm anything else that you might need like er shower gels and
74. ' t pay board she said i wouldn ' t take rent from you because i ' ll pay the mortgage whether you ' re there or not she said obviously i ' d put something towards food and electricity and that i said yeah but it ' s not the five hundred pound a month is it? she said oh no nowhere near so well that would be pretty nice and then at least you can concentrate on
75. i can ' t imagine how that can happen cos i get frightened occasionally when you think that you know er the life we lead is so artificial in so many ways you know all you need is electricity to go yeah you know and you ' ve got no television you ' ve got no radio you ' ve got no telephone you ' ve got no way of communicating you ' ve got no way of seeing
76. matches mm erm mm and we had candles and stuff so we were fine so it didn ' t bother you that much really then? well apart from having like no light in the evening and no electricity or anything what about heating? no we didn ' t have heating but erm but did you not have your water off then? was your water st alright? we had water we had cold water but
77. we had enough food so we were fine mm good i mean there was erm there was a shop that ' s round the corner from us anyway erm and on one of the days when the electricity was still out they opened it was open mm and they just let one person in at a time to get stuff because they didn ' t have fridge stuff anyway it ' s just like a corner shop so
78. to get a couple of things from there anyway so we were fine why did they only let one person in at a time? safety i should think because yeah safety and they don ' t have an electricity and they can ' t do and you can ' t see to get around anything oh i see and they don ' t have the cash registers or anything so they don ' t no they wanna make sure
79. character she really is a character mm erm she was saying that the er they ' ve moved out there well they ' re still trying to get the house straight erm and they they put the electricity off for twenty - two hours to save money in the village you know the mayor does it i think she said it was the mayor that switches it off the mayor yeah well to save money yeah yeah so
80. the village you know the mayor does it i think she said it was the mayor that switches it off the mayor yeah well to save money yeah yeah so you might get up and there ' s no electricity and they do the same with water every now and then they clean all the pipes out mm but they don ' t warn anybody they don ' t say it just goes off yeah oh they don ' t
81. at four o ' clock we ' re putting the water off for six hours or something like that mm erm they just go to get water and there isn ' t any or they go to get electricity and there isn ' t any yeah erm yeah just unbelievable but they seem to h be having a job settling in because they can ' t speak bulgarian and they seem to be having a job settling in
82. and our washing machine we did a wash for one and a half hours and then it ' s got a good energy rate and it ' s like a plus plus mm or something and we checked the electricity after we did the wash and nothing went down out of it so it mustn ' t have been erm it ' s hardly used anything yeah i think it ' s like after a kilowatt
83. of person who ' d have solar panels yeah i dunno it ' s erm well that would that would be the last piece of the puzzle wouldn ' t it? we ' ve got heating electricity and we ' d go off grid yeah but yeah but yeah but that ' s the thing you can ' t go off grid can you? and not without no? we ' d be stuffed for the
86. ' re putting turbines down ssolar panels and some kind of energy thithink about it solar panels in a reservoir? no we ' re gonna have our own water source and energy for heating and electricity yeah i understand that but how where are you gonna get this energy from? that ' s what i ' m saying they ' re gonna use solar panels and some other it ' s a really new machine
87. tried to set up on their own giving it to quite a few organisation one of them was the eesb esb? is it esb? in? well it is it would be yeah the electricity supply board yeah so they did one but something they ' re call they ' re called a different name now mm so if you can say look these are erm these questions have been tried and tested the
89. to spell that because my spellcheck wasn ' t doing it right orchestra right then i wish we ' re initiating our so that brought it to his attention orchestra mm well erm we changed our electricity and gas plan have you? again yes again? oh right yes yeah? is it with the same firm or yes with a different firm? it ' s the same firm yes yes so they ' ll
90. cheer and they got the bronze award and power down i ' d say he ' s about thirty and he stood there in a polo shirt and he ' s the north county council superhero who you save electricity i feel sorry for him cos he looked a bit lonely when he was there poor power down and he ' s going power down his job is to go into schools and do assemblies as power down ah
91. not really we haven ' t got the heating or anything on yet good for you i check my bills it was cold this morning though what are we working what did fifty - one days for gas and electricity was fifty - three pounds right so a hundred right my bill was for what was that ninety watch the cat watch the cat ninety - three days or something was a hundred and ninety - eight so mine has
92. have it on top up you shouldn ' t have it on there because that ' s when they charge you more? no it doesn ' t work like that it ' s not top up as in electricity or oh no gas no that ' s just with mum the boilers man said you have a top up that ' s when they charge you more yeah because it ' s supposed to be sixty - seven or
94. of mm erm there ' s a delay or allergy and that kind of thing mm but that ' s quite difficult to test isn ' t it? whereas whwhen they were without electricity that yes there were a lot of people erm and they can ' t put mothers to be under stress you know they can ' t test it no but er erm but they erm er but
95. googled and found this this thing tell us once and you can register somebody ' s bereavement somebody ' s death and then they will contact a lot of the you know? the gas electricity the oh how do they know who to contact though? doctors think we need to supply i think we give them a l i think we give them the list and they do it right well that would be
96. s still red down here? so we ' ll go down and get them what the fuck? yep oh is that just my normal? yeah erm you did what? the the what? the electricity? yeah i don ' t know why that just happened you know that item you just bought? the what i call the shiv yeah you see it charges up down here oh and you see it charging
98. the first or whether you know i ' d still like to go and have a look quite a lot of lights over there it looks like a giant christmas tree no i don ' t know what their electricity bill will be like and that goes all night they ' ve turned off those big erm signs though those big round signs yeah haven ' t seen them for a while no probably broken oh she ' s
99. i think he only did about three k kilometres which isn ' t very much we had a letter i should think about three weeks ago cos i ' d forgotten about it erm to say our electricity ' s going off in the morning oh they ' re doing some cable work er where there are cables i don ' t know i don ' t know what it ' s all about it will be off
100. ' t imagine what that was mm there was nothing draining from it there was no water coming out oh that ' s weird well i mean it couldn ' t be gas and it couldn ' t be electricity so goodness knows what they ' re doing oh that was i ' m not sure what something come some sort of did you see? no go to my fee bird feeder and then it flew off into that
101. it ' s these great big huge yeah conglomerates mm that ' s right and anglia water i think belongs to some french company i think anglia water is still anglia water actually is it? i thought electricity is french the electricity is french there ' s a lot of there ' s a lot of electric that belongs to germany i mean n - power is german edf is french yeah edf that ' s
102. great big huge yeah conglomerates mm that ' s right and anglia water i think belongs to some french company i think anglia water is still anglia water actually is it? i thought electricity is french the electricity is french there ' s a lot of there ' s a lot of electric that belongs to germany i mean n - power is german edf is french yeah edf that ' s the one and they
103. fuel well in that case you ' re kaput anyway you know forget about that but if you yeah you know if if so if you ' re down to the level where you ' ve got no electricity no fuel nothing mm well everything ' s gone yeah you know? forget about technology your food processing won ' t take place nothing will happen your food won ' t be able to be packaged nothing will work
104. there ' ll be no food moving around no you ' d have to go forage for yourself so can you imagine what it be like say i know we talked about this about the fuel about er electricity the network feeding in but if it all went if london lost its power completely erm for for say a week because of some disaster something got flooded or you know erm i don ' t know what
105. it ' s up above it anyway isn ' t it? mm and if that got into it and then the whole all the electrics went and and it mm well the underground have got their own electricity i know but but once it ' s flooded then you can ' t you ' ve got to unflood it to get it going again haven ' t you? and then and then that would probably
106. at the back it ' s cold in that corner anyway so a little tea making bit just just it just needs washing up bit and and and yeah doesn ' t even need a hole we just need electricity there just so that you can yeah? mm that ' s all it needs a little washing up area everything has to be parted away from there they can all take someone takes it home in a box and
110. m up to history macroeconomic trends currency exports will it be in exports? uh could be yeah i mean i is there not a section on sectors? um no sectors yeah agriculture hunting and forestry construction electricity manufacturing gotta be an arts one mining and quarrying gas industry service creative industries service yeah creative industry yeah yeah no it just says creative industries account for seven percent and grew an average of six percent per annum
111. two random council yeah tax instalments that was just to cover cover the last instalment three months of that last year i see so makes sense so yeah and then i ' ll ring the electricity company and the gas and water company at some point so okay cos we need our final bills from them i don ' t wanna be stuck like that woman who moved out last time and didn ' t
112. they good storages? yeah i think storage heating ' s meant to be quite good aren ' t they? they ' re meant to be economical like you put yeah them on at night when the electricity is on a cheaper tariff and then it ' s meant to store the heat yeah for half of the rest of the day but who wants the heating on at night? well it keeps it s warm the
114. of where is that? it ' s the electric wherever that is there ' s four different ones they ' ve got a reading here rate one rate two rate three rate four electricity well where are our electricity meters? i don ' t know is that downstairs in that cupboard? should in they ' ve taken a picture of the fridge oh good look the stove the stove top good it ' s not very clear
115. internet as a as like a given it ' s just a thing oh it ' s just yeah it ' s just information isn ' t it? it ' s like having i don ' t know electricity yeah electricity means internet whereas it never that was it ' s quite a recent thing oh it ' s getting dark now yeah it is getting dark i bet some rain can pound through this window on a yeah
116. a as like a given it ' s just a thing oh it ' s just yeah it ' s just information isn ' t it? it ' s like having i don ' t know electricity yeah electricity means internet whereas it never that was it ' s quite a recent thing oh it ' s getting dark now yeah it is getting dark i bet some rain can pound through this window on a yeah i bet
117. ##m company ' s been charged they ' ve taken over they ' ve actually they went and read the water meter and went and read the electric meter mm and i haven ' t paid electric for any electricity for two quarters because they couldn ' t get in they were estimating the bill right that can well that can go one of two ways then well yes can ' t it? it could go very badly
119. fuse box cos cos it ' s a hundred year old house they didn ' t they didn ' t used to have a fridge in the kitchen yeah they had a gas oven and the only electricity they used for what was it for? they had they w one thing one one powerpoint yeah yeah in the kitchen so that means electricity went in from the front of the house where the electricity came from
120. in the kitchen yeah they had a gas oven and the only electricity they used for what was it for? they had they w one thing one one powerpoint yeah yeah in the kitchen so that means electricity went in from the front of the house where the electricity came from yeah cos it came from the street to the back of the house there was just enough for one thing so we could either have the
121. only electricity they used for what was it for? they had they w one thing one one powerpoint yeah yeah in the kitchen so that means electricity went in from the front of the house where the electricity came from yeah cos it came from the street to the back of the house there was just enough for one thing so we could either have the kettle on but not the toaster or the fridge running
122. and then chucking them out and said but however they ' re getting in they ' re just coming back in mm so then we started we ' d drive round round the corner to near where the electricity pylon bits are round near oh right and we used to drive round there with all these traps with all the mice and let them all out and go go free little mice go free and after about
123. light go to bed i think winter is for hibernating well not completely but partial hibernating yeah well you are supposed to slow slow right down yeah yeah mm mm but since the electricity and lights and gas and stuff like that mm we we actually go against our own bodies yeah yeah we ' d ' ve been asl we would have been asleep for about six hours by now wouldn '
124. has gone off oh dear mm so now it ' s on full charge but hopefully we haven ' t ruined everything in it yeah well you see mine went off when we had that cut yeah in the electricity they say if you keep fridge d your freezer door shut yeah yeah er that it ' s alright well hopefully it is otherwise i ' ll so i kept my freezer door shut otherotherwise
125. the seventeenth or whatever mm so that ' s good yeah so we only like and we have paid that already so it ' s not the end of the world but i ' ll cancel the gas and electricity when i leave mm mm so we don ' t have to pay any more of that and then erm water water rates and i ' ll cancel the internet money yeah we ' ll be on oh i
126. in a market where the public cannot be expected to know yeah the best pri that ' s what i don ' t like about it the implication that we ' ve got it ' s a bit like electricity isn ' t it and that sort of stuff? the public have suggested we are bamboozled but even now most of us cannot be arsed to change just for a hundred quid a year or
127. er they have it every day at the moment yeah well they they ' re yeah but it ' s still a novelty for them and they could probably heat the house a bit better with it cheaper than electricity or whatever but you know that ' s not happening and they ' re living you know and they ' re at home more we ' re too busy fannying around looking after kids and things so we '
131. it let ' s see if we can see it well it says zip wire that way is it advertised? and it ' s hangi yeah look it ' s all oh no that ' s the electricity thing no it ' s not let ' s not do the zip wire on that can you not see the wire? it must be over this like valley where? i don ' t know i can '
132. can change means where if you know if the you have to pay for upkeep of a building erm of a home or whatever and if suddenly costs go really high for like you know gas electricity and blah blah blah blah blah or rates or whatever like you know paying for er basically yeah no what i mean is that costs like there are so many variable costs which can change which is why people i
133. doing it and i and i do wonder sometimes and what a bonkers thing to do to take them a computer and so they could work the computer she had to buy a generator so that they had electricity to run the computer oh and they haven ' t got fresh water they spend a lot of money oh putting wells in for them oh yeah you know and now they ' re going to see wha or
136. it doesn ' t count so i was like yeah that ' s the that it really i think it ' s a real big problem actually because yeah cos everyone ' s going paperless all our electricity you know cos obviously look yeah i don ' t need to see the bill no like in in my hand i can cou i can see it online online account that ' s the whole purpose of
137. is really relaxed about stuff like that like it doesn ' t faze her she ' s just not bothered about it which is fine but for people who are a bit worried about you know either saving electricity or saving the planet saving the planet you know just i think that sort of passes her by and it ' s hard because she ' s so scattered like with her mum last wednesday her mum was like have
139. no you can ' t do it must be cheapest first maybe the cheaper ones have gone it ' s a bit more than i like to pay oh no there ' s some for four there so electricity included mm i ' d be worried if it wasn ' t well some of them have meters don ' t they? oh i mean people like most of them say electricity included and they ' re a bit
140. s some for four there so electricity included mm i ' d be worried if it wasn ' t well some of them have meters don ' t they? oh i mean people like most of them say electricity included and they ' re a bit dearer than i saw earlier and they oh here we are here ' s one three five six sleeps up to two looks like a shed doesn ' t it? these
145. house which okay will be a lot easier to mow than mine which is sort of uneven and on a slope and and needs a long cable cos it goes quite a long way away from any electricity supply but er she was saying that oh it doesn ' t quite do seven days i ' m having to do it every six days and i ' m thinking oh mine ' s lucky if it gets done
146. ' re not recharging most people at our school do it at school mummy there should never be a moment in your life when you ' re not recharging for free somebody else ' s electricity how everybody else does it for free at work do they let you? yes we ' ve got a car on the cos the school gets unlimited oh does it unlimited electricity get away it ' s on
147. free somebody else ' s electricity how everybody else does it for free at work do they let you? yes we ' ve got a car on the cos the school gets unlimited oh does it unlimited electricity get away it ' s on a contract oh right we ' ve got a car recharger in the cigarette lighter out it in your car does it not use up battery power or fuel? very little
148. ? yep i think that post at the end of ' s drive is a phone post don ' t you? yeah well yes is there any what ' s coming off it? where ' s our electricity come from? it comes from a post across the road er comes over the drive it comes over that gate right and it comes back to the house but but the post it comes from is over the other
149. that ' s a phone post mm okay so i think i ' m gonna say to the phone engineers they ' ve got to come off that post and come to the back of the house where the electricity comes in okay and then that means they can come through the wall there by the bathroom yeah and then there ' s a minimum amount of wiring inside the house okay they must have drilled does that make sense
150. know i wouldn ' t be surprised to c when they come back from france if he told us that he ' s organised insurance for us and he ' s signed us up with a new deal for electricity and gas yes well we ' ll have to try and explain to him that we think that we owe sse thousands of pounds and that ' s the reason why we can ' t swap yes well i
151. is you ' ve got to have some local that kind of who can maybe kind of live there when you ' re not there and deal with all the elect you know you ' ve got all the electricity utilities and difficult stuff like that yeah wow wonder what ' s going to happen to greece okay so greece but what else? aren ' t you going to go to where would? you know i was trying
152. it ' s er contribution towards the insurance? though it ' s not true actually the whole building you know the whole building is insured as a whole mm not er space by space by space likewise electricity bill likewise erm lightning rod maintenance gas certificate electric certificates water certificate blah blah blah blah mm then you add up a thousand here two thousand there yeah five thousand here twenty thousand for insurance whatever yeah oh absolutely
155. the sort of april one that they go at yeah they have to sort of wake it up yeah for the so they have to plug um do something with the pipes uh all the stuff in? the electricity? then yeah um i forgot about that then so they go then they go in april then they go uh a couple more times over the year so in the summer in the summer holidays? yeah w we
157. is monthly? if we paid it in november and then told them we were moving out in mid december they i think they reduce it or you don ' t have to yeah what else? and then electricity bill we can ring up and er can you give us a final bill? mm what else have we got? gas same mm just ask them for a final bill i think we have to pay like a
158. yet yes you find a whole pile of brown envelopes when you arrive don ' t you? yeah yeah well luckily they haven ' t found me oh i must be not on their system either no electricity bill they ' re coming no water bill they ' re coming no council tax bill i must sort this out and it says dear occupier the only one that ' s found me is the tv
159. a half thousand i think oh is it? that ' s when you can start feeling altitude sickness but it was the highest was it the highest village in the world? no not any more no with electricity? no it wasn ' t that one it was oh another one oh and they went oh we ' re alright we ' re gonna go out walking for the day and they ran we saw them didn '
160. house was very old and so didn ' t really couldn ' t really look after the property for the last sort of ten years or so they need a new roof and a new lots of new things electricity kind of new wires and things like what are we doing? well for ' s mum because they were all i think it it was very cold when they went in there for a while and they were all
161. thing they think of the the cost instant don ' t they? and they go well how much is how much do you wanna spend in tesco? how much do you spend to like gas and electricity? yeah those are going up you now yeah you know it doesn ' t compare with er so one thing that saddened me in sort of and sort of resonated with me a bit was the
162. to work well half wage is still you know when you don ' t have your mortgage or rent to pay it ' s not too bad really all you ' ve gotta pay is your food and the electricity and gas bills don ' t you? you know? but do you know how much our water is because we don ' t have a water meter they ' ve just said the standard rate for this area

