Cluster 1
9. as well they drove all the way over to one day and back oh brilliant and you know i like last time they went out i think they just concentrated on islands so has he put in for this theory test? yes he ' s got his theory in february i may perhaps not erm he may not want me to say oh no no no you know because it ' s nearer the ti you don '
10. one day and back oh brilliant and you know i like last time they went out i think they just concentrated on islands so has he put in for this theory test? yes he ' s got his theory in february i may perhaps not erm he may not want me to say oh no no no you know because it ' s nearer the ti you don ' t no yeah no but it ' s some
12. our homework and i ' m still there like hold on a minute wait what ' s a cadence? yeah but then i ' ve kind of feel sorry for everyone that hasn ' t done grade five theory today having to yeah like having to try and understand him going right this is one this is four this is five mm these are the main ones this is how you do a ca no he di it '
14. ' s and that ' s just like the simple stuff like that was literally in our first lecture to get us introduintroduced to it and then after that it was all just like theory mm and it was so confusing like you don ' t even know my god oh my god i wouldn ' t enjoy studying philosophy i i really didn ' t wanna do it yeah cos i was studying
22. ##he principle of i mean there ' s a lot of theories that we work to i s there ' s probably three or four different basic theories of careers guidance which is about how yo what is the theory behind how people get to a decision erm and erm you know there ' s a psychologically based theory which is theoretically what we ' d all work to which is psychological basically which is saying that
23. three or four different basic theories of careers guidance which is about how yo what is the theory behind how people get to a decision erm and erm you know there ' s a psychologically based theory which is theoretically what we ' d all work to which is psychological basically which is saying that making the assumption that once you ' ve got a certain academic achievement then it in effect gives you an independence so
27. ' s part of your character and you ' re suddenly happiness in that sense is part of you ' re starting to win in your in your sense yeah nice simple i mean yeah this is all tennis theory in er this this is tennis under the guise of er philosophy yeah i i love that because it should definitely be the other r other way round within a book it would be like you ' re talking about
35. ' m do i my four modules are we ' re both doing the core module which is research and language and use yeah and then i ' m doing pidgins and creoles syntactic theory yep and erm you ' re speaking all french and some language and what ' s my final one? er language description and analysis ah ' s doing language variation which is sociolinguistics dialects that
36. because the module was more interesting i ah that ' s what i er i ' m doing a module in pidgins and creoles and then i ' m doing a module in syntactic theory which is basically cognitive science so yeah i ' m doing a cognitive science module er but they ' re with they only run them for undergraduates in their third year yeah the level ' s quite hard i
37. know about the substrate which are the african languages that yeah give them their grammar and give them all this kind of stuff so it ' s really quite complex i bet it is and there ' s no theory there ' s no set er n it ' s all just mm you know this is the best idea at the minute but it changes mm syntax is even heavier mm doing like as i said it ' s
38. either the language is that or the other and there ' s like a list of different parameters and basically the last fifty years they ' ve been finding the core parameters but but again it ' s all theory mm and it ' s really difficult to prove so yeah and the problem with it is that it started off as transformational theory and then moved on to principles and parameters it then in the eighties and nine
39. ' ve been finding the core parameters but but again it ' s all theory mm and it ' s really difficult to prove so yeah and the problem with it is that it started off as transformational theory and then moved on to principles and parameters it then in the eighties and nineties was called government and binding theory now it ' s called the minimalist programme they keep changing it because the the theory '
40. to prove so yeah and the problem with it is that it started off as transformational theory and then moved on to principles and parameters it then in the eighties and nineties was called government and binding theory now it ' s called the minimalist programme they keep changing it because the the theory ' s developing so yeah trying to learn about all this is a bit you know there ' s like yeah so many
41. theory and then moved on to principles and parameters it then in the eighties and nineties was called government and binding theory now it ' s called the minimalist programme they keep changing it because the the theory ' s developing so yeah trying to learn about all this is a bit you know there ' s like yeah so many theories to try and get through before you actually get to the core of it good luck
43. long break now so i don ' t mm i ' m gonna have to come back and sort of get back onto it i really just wanna get it out the way when how do you do the theory then? do you just apply to do it? you just apply online and pay online and you can reserve any date and there ' s a test centre in the middle of town uh - huh near ar
44. you do it twice at least when you see the hazard and then you ' ve got a better chance of getting some points for it rather than just oh no doing it once so didn ' t the theory test used to be just a few questions asked by the ins by the tester? when you were doing your you still have some questions asked by the exa by the driving instructor on your dri
51. what it ' ll be i thought in car might be a bit like that i mean you can learn to drive like it ' s easy to drive but like you have to learn so much shit the theory test? no the theory is easy that ' s just like common sense and it ' s like when to look in your mirror and like due to have to develop those sort of habits yeah it ' s
52. i thought in car might be a bit like that i mean you can learn to drive like it ' s easy to drive but like you have to learn so much shit the theory test? no the theory is easy that ' s just like common sense and it ' s like when to look in your mirror and like due to have to develop those sort of habits yeah it ' s like no one dri
54. learning to drive? yeah i had my first lesson oh last week i ' ve had three lessons now yeah nightmare cos it ' s quite hard passing your test and nowadays you have to pass the theory te you well you ' ll yeah skate through the theory test i hope so cos you ' ll do the work won ' t you to do it but my daughter ' s partner he got within two
55. last week i ' ve had three lessons now yeah nightmare cos it ' s quite hard passing your test and nowadays you have to pass the theory te you well you ' ll yeah skate through the theory test i hope so cos you ' ll do the work won ' t you to do it but my daughter ' s partner he got within two years of passing his test he got six points on his
59. there are n there are interpretations of religion which aren ' t the mainstream in that case every religion is an interpretation of of which could accept it scripture but you can literally support practically any stance or ethical theory political yeah cos they they used to have ins they used to use christianity to support slavery or misogyny and then after that or killing nature they said okay no we we no that was wrong co
61. what kind of engineering does he do? manufacturing although he ' s like a quality improvement engineer so he takes a process and then sees how it can be improved ah okay they use a lot of japanese theory like lean manufacturing so you don ' t have you don ' t keep a lot of stock and it ' s all like moving the products efficiently and like removing bottle necks through a process and making sure that
62. monday and one on tuesday you ' re going for it aren ' t you? vrmmm well it ' s a good use of time once you ' ve got it exactly have you passed your theory test? no i thought i ' d i ' d get with the driving first to yeah to get a feel for it yeah definitely as long as you ' re studious it ' s really not that
63. i ' d i ' d get with the driving first to yeah to get a feel for it yeah definitely as long as you ' re studious it ' s really not that hard to pass the theory test no i ' ve got the dvd and all of that kind stuff so oh have you? but the most up to date like version of the theory test? yeah and on your smartphone you can get
64. ' s really not that hard to pass the theory test no i ' ve got the dvd and all of that kind stuff so oh have you? but the most up to date like version of the theory test? yeah and on your smartphone you can get um eh an app mm hm to keep and it ' s really good and you just keep testing yourself that ' s good like when you ' ve got
72. or but yeah so i think it ' s probably taken me ages this i i should have booked months ago and then i didn ' t yeah it ' s cos i didn ' t do my theory until about three months ago which i i could have done ages ago like years ago yeah but i never did and then yeah and then you have to wait three months for it to book the test so like
74. then he ' s just telling us all this stuff he ' s like it ' s easy before he ' d be like gcse music is easy it ' s really easy like it ' s theory is way harder and then he ' s teaching all this stuff and i ' m like i don ' t understand any of this yeah but he goes so fast he ' s because he thinks it ' s
76. just because you know a grade six piece doesn ' t make you a grade six yeah she ' s like my dad gives me grade six pieces so i ' m like so have you done grade five theory? do you like yeah exactly and she ' s like so that means i ' m a grade six i ' m like well no hold your horses and then in music when she was like erm so
77. then in music when she was like erm so how do you do it for minors then? thinking that she was so cool and yeah that no one would know that but then everyone with grade five theory yeah which is like a quarter of us and yeah we already know how to do it and then and then he was like so are you doing grade five theory? and she was like mm i ' m
78. know that but then everyone with grade five theory yeah which is like a quarter of us and yeah we already know how to do it and then and then he was like so are you doing grade five theory? and she was like mm i ' m not sure do you think i should? mm and then ' s like do you think i should go to jazz band or grade five theory? and i '
79. doing grade five theory? and she was like mm i ' m not sure do you think i should? mm and then ' s like do you think i should go to jazz band or grade five theory? and i ' m like what it a stupid question yeah like do you think he ' s gonna say? like do you think you should get a do a proper exam or go and play hawaii five
80. done that she will know knock out a beautiful building with like really poetic spaces yeah and be like beautiful and imaginative like she ' s not she ' s never gonna be someone who like who loves the theory of like japanese like society like she ' s like she will like take all the aesthetic stuff she ' s seen and the kind of nuance of things and she ' ll repurpose it like architectural
84. european union could fund such a thing well but if it didn ' t guarantee impact in the real world what ' s the point of it? well i i of all the most unlikely places where string theory would be verified or negated i never thought of it being you know your kitchen but but think how many households often look for string in these times and they can never find it can never find when they
85. more shopping i did i ' ve got everyone ' s no you didn ' t with my with my camping oh yeah that you you came to pick me up oh i did we met up after your theory test that you missed yeah but that wasn ' t while i was working that you missed that i failed no you do you remember you missed it oh yeah the one i got the time wrong and then i
86. many times i failed i don ' t know four times three times four you passed on your fourth we we mm were opposites cos you passed your driving test first time mm but i passed my theory first time and failed my practical three times you failed at i don ' t remember you failed it the first time and you missed it the second time and then you ffail come here yeah i think yeah
90. biggest drink she ' s taken the whole time oh boom did that look fun? er what? no it looked fine it looked beautiful if one of you were gonna have to subscribe to an ethical theory for the rest of your life what would you choose? the weak rule oh nice what would you pick? i wanna agree with you but no no no no buts that ' s it you pick we
91. pounds for a second hand amp which is a really good price but that ' s money that mm it in my head he could have put towards could have gone to yeah driving lessons or mm passing his theory test or yeah something to get him on the road to driving yeah cos i ' m not gonna be taking him everywhere i can ' t no no and he ' ll and particularly if you ' ve
99. linguistics and not teaching english is because i can t i told you about those other qualifications i can do other qualifications in the methodology and pedagogy of teaching but i want to do something more theory based and more about language something that will open me up to be able to do a phd in something so if i do linguistics potentially if i do linguistics and and study phonology a bit i could
103. sitcoms in america she was in er what women what women want and er thirteen going on thirty best friend oh we were watching that earlier yeah it ' s a fucking great film and the big bang theory and who be in the big bang her her her yeah yeah she was just at the i ' ve never seen her i ' m not that sad really? we were watching we just watch a lot of
105. are like the laws that you should like you know take as gospel as being correct when it comes to the universe but they ' re right but they ' re wrong cos albert einstein built on that theory on his theory of relativity and it ' s all to do with things travelling at light speed because er newton didn ' t take that into consideration that said newton was an incredibly intelligent man so right so italy
106. laws that you should like you know take as gospel as being correct when it comes to the universe but they ' re right but they ' re wrong cos albert einstein built on that theory on his theory of relativity and it ' s all to do with things travelling at light speed because er newton didn ' t take that into consideration that said newton was an incredibly intelligent man so right so italy right? yeah
107. on well on to the science maybe? but whatever let let ' s see sigmund freud i ' d better get this right psychology now what is the title of freud ' s work on dream theory? erm oh god oh there ' s one of these you definitely would have gotten yeah probably two in fact probably can you ask me those after if i don ' t get this one? erm
117. then you don ' t have to have erm adverts yeah and i don ' t like current theory yeah i ' m watching fringe at the moment mm which one ' s that? i tried watching that i ' ve only watched the first episode it ' s good you have to watch like a few episodes
123. stuff it ' s just to stop you to clear the wheeze i haven ' t used it you just eh now reminded me of a particular a very sweet scene in eh in eh big bang theory yeah not not friends not friends big bang theory it ' s the new friends it ' s the new you reminded me of big bang theory yeah sorry you were going to tell me about a sweet scene in
124. clear the wheeze i haven ' t used it you just eh now reminded me of a particular a very sweet scene in eh in eh big bang theory yeah not not friends not friends big bang theory it ' s the new friends it ' s the new you reminded me of big bang theory yeah sorry you were going to tell me about a sweet scene in big bang theory oh dear it ' s eh
125. a particular a very sweet scene in eh in eh big bang theory yeah not not friends not friends big bang theory it ' s the new friends it ' s the new you reminded me of big bang theory yeah sorry you were going to tell me about a sweet scene in big bang theory oh dear it ' s eh it was actually only a couple of weeks ago a recent one eh len and penny post eh
126. friends not friends big bang theory it ' s the new friends it ' s the new you reminded me of big bang theory yeah sorry you were going to tell me about a sweet scene in big bang theory oh dear it ' s eh it was actually only a couple of weeks ago a recent one eh len and penny post eh i don ' t know i can ' t remember how they ended up back together
137. cognitive science at the minute learning about language faculty erm and how children acquire language and how there are sets of paramet they believe the the model is that there ' s erm principles and parameters theory for example in english we have what ' s called head specific language where that means complements go after the head so for example in the sentence i eat pizza in the bath yeah? mm just as a
147. yeah i had it erm er a while ago now it was before the contract ended because it was the weekend that me and went back to stay there for a night cos he were doing his theory and like hardly anybody were in by then they were gone erm and i ' ve never ever had it and i ' ve heard people go on about it so that ' s why i think that '
150. you but uh obviously to keep fighting you have to keep digging out more information and it would it would get ridiculous you yeah y i mean you could find yourself having spent many hours researching researching social network theory and researching statistics of of urban you know all these demographics and like standard of living in cities and i dunno i ' ve never been much of a debater i just think sometimes it ' s like
152. because she ' s learnt spanish but there ' s one ' s got a couple of korean ones up there oh no in the roof space it ' s like oh in the roof space ah you know theory of language teaching type oh right ah more theoretical type books oh right i don ' t remember those and there ' s a french dictionary don ' t know if that ' s yours? by the bedside table
153. ve had no conversation about it until you until today yeah yeah when i said oh and he actually took his pe kit this morning and said i ' ve got no idea whether pe today is practical or theory so i ' ll just take everything just in case oh oh well at least he ' s got his stuff yeah okay because i think i read somewhere they need you know shin pads and notepads it
158. start crying yeah it ' s pretty this book it frightens me i want to watch peter rabbit syntax it ' s i want to watch peter rabbit on your tablet he in the sixties created this revolutionary theory of universal grammar and how there is a i want to watch peter rabbit shush in a minute in a minute underlying syntactic structure to language to all languages and you can effectively create formulas about how
159. next year but i haven ' t i can ' t really dec think of something to do it about erm i ' ll probably do something er sort of reception yyou know like sort of reception theory no what ' s reception theory? it ' s kind of like just the way you i think it it just makes classics sort of relevant to me the way you interpret er instead of trying to ac think
160. t i can ' t really dec think of something to do it about erm i ' ll probably do something er sort of reception yyou know like sort of reception theory no what ' s reception theory? it ' s kind of like just the way you i think it it just makes classics sort of relevant to me the way you interpret er instead of trying to ac think like a roman you think like
161. that leap erm you know there ' s erm a that ' s that ' s one of the things i didn ' t like about postmodernism when it came in or or literary theory that that everything was judged from the viewpoint now er i mean w i ' m talking about within art so you take someone like gauguin and you would deconstruct and look at him in
167. ' t say for certain that it won ' t so therefore that makes it yeah possible it ' s schrdinger ' s cat mm i only know these things from watching big the big bang theory big bang theory mm it ' s the only bit of television that isn ' t rotting your brain then mm not that one particular programme on on one of the channels i can ' t remember which one they
168. for certain that it won ' t so therefore that makes it yeah possible it ' s schrdinger ' s cat mm i only know these things from watching big the big bang theory big bang theory mm it ' s the only bit of television that isn ' t rotting your brain then mm not that one particular programme on on one of the channels i can ' t remember which one they ' ve got
175. of no no certainly the immediate sto okay stop i can ' t yeah so the theories of media and the stop stop i do not i ' d i don ' t give a toss about critical theory at this stage secondary sources i want no citations or references so just i want your pure yes i want your opinion on the matter my opinion is that it portrays a certain picture uhu of erm western
177. the near future? i think it ' ll be more likely to be erm accounting journals and books rather than er poetry poetry yeah yes but obviously er i think there will be a certain amount of theory in it er er but obviously er i don ' t think it will have any comparisons to poetry mm yes no you might come across a a mnemonic to remember a certain theory or something but i
178. certain amount of theory in it er er but obviously er i don ' t think it will have any comparisons to poetry mm yes no you might come across a a mnemonic to remember a certain theory or something but i don ' t think it will go any further than that a mnemonic yes no yes i think erm it was quite a good choice really the books that you had and yes
179. analysis lady cos although she ' s given me a load of pre - readings she hasn ' t actually set us anything to do no no whereas pidgins and creoles and syntactic theory have both set me yeah don ' t really know whether to email him or whether that was kinda hassling him because it might be hassling him a little bit he did say yesterday he is uploading
180. but it ' s fifteen yeah so they don ' t offer it to undergraduates i guess yeah okay but it ' s still a lesser weight i wonder why? it must build on some of the theory that they have in i don ' t know why they won ' t offer it to an undergrad research in language and use erm i don ' t really understand how it works it ' s fifteen
181. how it works it ' s fifteen credits the same as pidgins and creoles yeah? yeah except in pidgins and creoles they do two hours a week yeah and syntactic theory in research in language and use we do one and a half research in language and use is just two papers and the other ones i ' ve got presentations and four papers i know they don ' t seem
185. and read it up a bit more about like some theories that he was trying to employ i think i ' d understand it better what was he was he coming up with some philosophical ideas which was the theory of some philosopher which is a recognised theory or was he just making his own stuff up? no i think it ' s like because there are like different types of philosophers and i think because with the thing
186. like some theories that he was trying to employ i think i ' d understand it better what was he was he coming up with some philosophical ideas which was the theory of some philosopher which is a recognised theory or was he just making his own stuff up? no i think it ' s like because there are like different types of philosophers and i think because with the thing in like because it ' s fiction it
188. you ' re like grade six yeah because you ' ve done it and you ' re like well it wasn ' t that hard yeah so everyone ' s like oh my god grade five like grade five theory you ' ve got grade five theory? and i ' m like mm except it ' s probably gonna be not be like that when you get grade eight yeah except yeah but now when you er start you
189. because you ' ve done it and you ' re like well it wasn ' t that hard yeah so everyone ' s like oh my god grade five like grade five theory you ' ve got grade five theory? and i ' m like mm except it ' s probably gonna be not be like that when you get grade eight yeah except yeah but now when you er start you ' re like grade eight but now
190. thing like make it an a purposeful thing? yeah erm and then the thing with the atmosphere of growth is probably my writing right so what do you think? excellent because erm what the theory of everything or the many books that i ' ve read on the theory of everything as you know shall we come up here? erm dunno where i thought that was a part of the whole thing
191. then the thing with the atmosphere of growth is probably my writing right so what do you think? excellent because erm what the theory of everything or the many books that i ' ve read on the theory of everything as you know shall we come up here? erm dunno where i thought that was a part of the whole thing yeah but erm what do you think? i mean do y?
192. re accidently just walking along a road it is lovely though innit? yeah it ' s completely lovely erm right so what i was gonna say to you it sounds like a similar thing the theory of everything er one of the many erm tools you can use says every day at the end of your day write down at least three things watch out there oh maybe this is what this is for it
194. enough just declare it statutory off the road yeah so we don ' t need to insure it mhm sorn as i believe it ' s called yes how the hell do you know that? theory test oh right yeah that wasn ' t in my theory test hmm they clearly updated it yeah it ' s all kind of little things like that and you know nothing terribly useful nothing to er actually do with
195. don ' t need to insure it mhm sorn as i believe it ' s called yes how the hell do you know that? theory test oh right yeah that wasn ' t in my theory test hmm they clearly updated it yeah it ' s all kind of little things like that and you know nothing terribly useful nothing to er actually do with driving no stuff like um if you were planning a journey
198. who is lovely she ' s a lovely girl she really is she was one of the funniest students that i ' ve ever taught i used to go into the room to try and teach them theory and she just would i don ' t know cause an uproar with laughter was always one of the and i used to say you know i ' ll never get you through your exams stop talking stop
199. well yeah and i ' ve had two phone calls one saying erm could you come and take a class tonight? wow i went er yes whwhat what is it? and it was theory so i went and then she said well actually could you do two weeks someone ' s off sick for two weeks would you do two? so i said okay and i took the class for two weeks got
203. mm and she does packpackaging erm mm packaging design she ' s ololder but anyway she ' d be in her fifties but she said oh well and she had had quite a good theory for it actually and she you mean theory for no work? yeah she had a really good theory for it and i think she ' s absolutely right and she said oh that she ' d noticed this in
204. ##m mm packaging design she ' s ololder but anyway she ' d be in her fifties but she said oh well and she had had quite a good theory for it actually and she you mean theory for no work? yeah she had a really good theory for it and i think she ' s absolutely right and she said oh that she ' d noticed this in the past two sessions that erm you
205. anyway she ' d be in her fifties but she said oh well and she had had quite a good theory for it actually and she you mean theory for no work? yeah she had a really good theory for it and i think she ' s absolutely right and she said oh that she ' d noticed this in the past two sessions that erm you know when there ' s a recession everybody gets laid off
218. were like ah yeah so i must ' ve chosen the weird modules that nobody wants to do then cos i ' ve done two undergraduate modules also pidgins and creoles and syntactic theory i ' m the only masters student in in both classes are you really? so i was gonna do syntactic theory but erm then she put me on bet you ' d be glad you didn
219. done two undergraduate modules also pidgins and creoles and syntactic theory i ' m the only masters student in in both classes are you really? so i was gonna do syntactic theory but erm then she put me on bet you ' d be glad you didn ' t i said i ' d prefer to do is that really boring? it ' s it ' s not really boring
220. changed and had i applied to creative writing or english i don ' t think i ' d ' ve got in but my drama grade was a b erm but i did drama and it was all theory there was no performance in it oh no and i was like this is really boring so er i started i ended up doing a major minor so i minored in drama and majored in creative writing oh
221. that ' d be really good you know what i mean? just the monday tuesday i was kind of like if i ' d have known the timetable i probably would ' ve taken like syntactic theory yeah yeah instead of forensic linguistics cos it would ' ve like saved me two days of coming in yeah so but it ' s okay it ' s cos they have seminars on different days to lectures
222. zebra kissed the monkey the zebra was kissed by the monkey that ' s really interesting i ' m quite interested in erm my dissertation was on like peter pan and erm this thing called text world theory so if you like when you read a text the kind of constructions that your mind makes yeah okay sort of like connotations and stuff yeah yeah but a bit deeper than that erm so like the
223. ##ity hoity - toity er hoity - toity i ' m not sure about that no that ' s cheating erm stop throwing the dice around please er we haven ' t talked about theory of knowledge that was right for weeks he ' s not very good at it what how are we doing in theory of knowledge? what do we fine now know? theorising nothing knowledge? mm well
224. s cheating erm stop throwing the dice around please er we haven ' t talked about theory of knowledge that was right for weeks he ' s not very good at it what how are we doing in theory of knowledge? what do we fine now know? theorising nothing knowledge? mm well what have you done? so you ' ve been doing it for half a term now like what yeah on earth
234. for a tax? levy no another one if something ' s not above it ' s below er the romans built it for transporting water over a bridge viaduct no water aqueduct aqueduct er einstein had a famous theory theory of relativity er another word for bac bacteria is a type of microbe no no erm richard whiteley presented this programme this this morning richard whiteley oh countdown countdown i was thinking madeley
235. a tax? levy no another one if something ' s not above it ' s below er the romans built it for transporting water over a bridge viaduct no water aqueduct aqueduct er einstein had a famous theory theory of relativity er another word for bac bacteria is a type of microbe no no erm richard whiteley presented this programme this this morning richard whiteley oh countdown countdown i was thinking madeley i
246. can be difficult really difficult yeah has nobody taught them? w h movement transformation or yeah is that what it ' s called? is it called something else? chomsky ' s syntactic theory transformational grammar universal grammar i ' m not sure it ' s like transformational x bar theory i think was an old name but they don ' t seem to use x bar anymore it ' s very
247. what it ' s called? is it called something else? chomsky ' s syntactic theory transformational grammar universal grammar i ' m not sure it ' s like transformational x bar theory i think was an old name but they don ' t seem to use x bar anymore it ' s very confusing cos i told you how very it ' s cos of xbox i reckon it just
248. can have a chat to that guy mm and get to know him et cetera et cetera mm and the other thing that you were talking about is is kind o er i suppose related to network theory in a way isn ' t it? erm er i don ' t know a lot about it but it ' s interesting because you could allow your your interview process maybe over the period of a week
251. anal i don ' t know if it ' s i think you ' re going through an anal stage is it etymology? that cos it ' s some must be attached to something psychological or a theory yeah i guess so i don ' t know it ' s just something is it keep it clean? i don ' t know keep it clean yeah i don ' t know just a note to add on
258. catch the er the metro the underground which is so convenient mm and i can imagine a good price and so no i just never really wanted to learn and in spain as well you have to pass the theory exam before you can even get behind a a wheel a wheel i think that ' s a good idea in some ways yeah i think it is c although er the that put me off in spain oh okay
259. thinks after ten lessons that you ' re ready to take you test or he ' ll say you need a couple more lessons before taking your test so so you can judge it then mm you got a theory test to do as well now haven ' t you? yes you do the theory test before you can apply for your yep main test but you can do practice ones on did he mention anything about a theory
260. ll say you need a couple more lessons before taking your test so so you can judge it then mm you got a theory test to do as well now haven ' t you? yes you do the theory test before you can apply for your yep main test but you can do practice ones on did he mention anything about a theory test? nope yeah you can do practice ones on the computer as well yeah so
261. test to do as well now haven ' t you? yes you do the theory test before you can apply for your yep main test but you can do practice ones on did he mention anything about a theory test? nope yeah you can do practice ones on the computer as well yeah so well it ' s good that you can actually learn how to drive before you pass your theory test because in spain you have
262. he mention anything about a theory test? nope yeah you can do practice ones on the computer as well yeah so well it ' s good that you can actually learn how to drive before you pass your theory test because in spain you have to pass your theory test before you can get behind the wheel of a car really? yeah which is what put me off doing it for so long because you can ' t
263. you can do practice ones on the computer as well yeah so well it ' s good that you can actually learn how to drive before you pass your theory test because in spain you have to pass your theory test before you can get behind the wheel of a car really? yeah which is what put me off doing it for so long because you can ' t even learn how to drive until you ' ve you
264. is what put me off doing it for so long because you can ' t even learn how to drive until you ' ve you ' ve already signed up paid all your thousands of euros and done the theory part of the test and you have to learn out about how the car works as well all the mechanics really? oh crikey if that had been me that would have been i ' d never learn
265. like yeah it was in the first semester i just did like the history of drama one - o - one and one - o - two pretty much pretty much yeah the first year the american equivalents theory of drama theory dramaturging no first first of do get plenty of seagulls around here yeah it ' s cos the sea ' s just down the hill it ' s not far is it
266. was in the first semester i just did like the history of drama one - o - one and one - o - two pretty much pretty much yeah the first year the american equivalents theory of drama theory dramaturging no first first of do get plenty of seagulls around here yeah it ' s cos the sea ' s just down the hill it ' s not far is it? we might
268. what was that programme that we used to watch? and those two american guys and they used to test a theory? yeah can ' t remember what it was called yeah yeah yeah yeah bang goes the theory mythbuster no mythbusters oh yes i ' ve seen mythbusters yeah they did one where i don ' t the myth was there ' s poo everywhere or something mm what? and
270. is that alright? yeah that ' s fine yep yeah i ' ll do that in a minute when i ' ve cooled down a bit mm mm so you haven ' t gotten into the big bang theory then? mm well i ' ve watched them occasionally i tend to watch it when i ' m here with you actually mm but it is funny mm i think i ' d have to go back to the
271. yeah you could definitely take her job the short er the tiny amount of stuff but the thing is like to b thing is politics is so boring as like a degree yeah so you have to do the theory bit before you get to do the fun bit which is really annoying and how would you even sort it all out? like mm how would you do it? what you could do is join the women '
274. s just impossible to really understand innit? yeah well for the likes of us probably well for the likes of everybody they ' re just all they ' re all they ' re coming up with is theory theory theory theory nobody well no cos they do prove it occasionally don ' t they? yeah they prove but they can ' t prove at what really really happened what happened before the big bang and all
275. just impossible to really understand innit? yeah well for the likes of us probably well for the likes of everybody they ' re just all they ' re all they ' re coming up with is theory theory theory theory nobody well no cos they do prove it occasionally don ' t they? yeah they prove but they can ' t prove at what really really happened what happened before the big bang and all that
276. impossible to really understand innit? yeah well for the likes of us probably well for the likes of everybody they ' re just all they ' re all they ' re coming up with is theory theory theory theory nobody well no cos they do prove it occasionally don ' t they? yeah they prove but they can ' t prove at what really really happened what happened before the big bang and all that no
277. to really understand innit? yeah well for the likes of us probably well for the likes of everybody they ' re just all they ' re all they ' re coming up with is theory theory theory theory nobody well no cos they do prove it occasionally don ' t they? yeah they prove but they can ' t prove at what really really happened what happened before the big bang and all that no there
278. lifetime ' s work which must happen that ' s gotta happen well it did happen once or twice didn ' t it? i mean yeah that ' s somebody tried to prprove einstein ' s theory wrong didn ' t they? but i mean that that can ' t be well i don ' t think they tried to prove it wrong but they sort of like well they didn ' t prove it it
279. they tried to prove it wrong but they sort of like well they didn ' t prove it it opens up a lot of erm possibilities which aren ' t catered for in the theories in the theory yeah and then they try and fit these you know things altogether you know other fit it altogether and then suddenly find see this is how you progress in astronomy and nuclear physics or anything or well yes nu yeah
282. with and he told me that he was really offended that i ' d gravitated towards rather than him cos we were all in in first semester for er a c i think it was political theory let ' s go inside it ' s cold we were bring the wine yeah i ' m bringing it don ' t worry we were all in the same seminar which i don ' t know if i '
285. eat the food off of my plate oh dear stick it up your left nostril oh breathe through your left nostril you ' ve got a theory for bloody everything except wish you had a theory for the bloody lottery numbers might be useful wonder what dr is doing now we might see him dr i think you can just drive there and then turn round there come on misc i think that ' s
288. ? well he ' s done quite a bit of sailing and he ' s done his um oh what ' s it called? it ' s basically a sailing course it ' s like a a driving theory t test like it ' s the th the theory side of s what ' s it called? yacht master it ' s called a yacht master course did he sail when he was being brought up in new
289. sailing and he ' s done his um oh what ' s it called? it ' s basically a sailing course it ' s like a a driving theory t test like it ' s the th the theory side of s what ' s it called? yacht master it ' s called a yacht master course did he sail when he was being brought up in new zealand? um i think so yeah you ' d
291. want to carry on on roundabouts? i was like i ' ll carry on with roundabouts yeah mm oh so how long do you think you need to get your test? i need to my theory test wh i need i need to do my theory test first and i still haven ' t learnt it so i don ' t know didn ' t catch that the theory test mm you have to do
292. i ' ll carry on with roundabouts yeah mm oh so how long do you think you need to get your test? i need to my theory test wh i need i need to do my theory test first and i still haven ' t learnt it so i don ' t know didn ' t catch that the theory test mm you have to do a written test now oh yeah i ' ve got to
293. ? i need to my theory test wh i need i need to do my theory test first and i still haven ' t learnt it so i don ' t know didn ' t catch that the theory test mm you have to do a written test now oh yeah i ' ve got to do that first i thought you had to do that for oh no i thought you before you even got in the car
297. and get your head it doesn ' t seem logical i think well minimalism is an important thing for learners i ' m reading a book about analysing english set sort of like syntactic theory like chomsky ' s syntactic theory like chomsky ' s transformational grammar and stuff and one of the main components of making their parametric theory is like erm minimalism basically
298. i think well minimalism is an important thing for learners i ' m reading a book about analysing english set sort of like syntactic theory like chomsky ' s syntactic theory like chomsky ' s transformational grammar and stuff and one of the main components of making their parametric theory is like erm minimalism basically make it as simple as possible so that wel
299. sort of like syntactic theory like chomsky ' s syntactic theory like chomsky ' s transformational grammar and stuff and one of the main components of making their parametric theory is like erm minimalism basically make it as simple as possible so that wel if it ' s ever applied to people you can learn it easy you shouldn ' t be making these things overly complex
310. five challenge make sure you do it for a month yeah and after that month you ' ll want to do it because it ' s coming if you know what i mean yeah that ' s an interesting theory i know loads all about the theories do you know anything about erm the string theory? see i have to concentrate then when i ' m being serious yeah i have to concentrate yeah otherwise i ' ll
311. ll want to do it because it ' s coming if you know what i mean yeah that ' s an interesting theory i know loads all about the theories do you know anything about erm the string theory? see i have to concentrate then when i ' m being serious yeah i have to concentrate yeah otherwise i ' ll just say theory not theory i was only joking about that i ' m not i know
312. all about the theories do you know anything about erm the string theory? see i have to concentrate then when i ' m being serious yeah i have to concentrate yeah otherwise i ' ll just say theory not theory i was only joking about that i ' m not i know but i ' m trying to like con my dentist into thinking that i need a brace for free because so you ' ve done a
313. the theories do you know anything about erm the string theory? see i have to concentrate then when i ' m being serious yeah i have to concentrate yeah otherwise i ' ll just say theory not theory i was only joking about that i ' m not i know but i ' m trying to like con my dentist into thinking that i need a brace for free because so you ' ve done a list?
315. the games people play a lot of the time scripts writers who are starting out want to talk about motivation inner and external bollocks to that mm it ' s game playing if you understand the game theory this is the big game that ' s being played in your world the world yeah that you create everyone wants to play the game and everybody wants to win mm and that ' s what you ' re showing
317. i really wanted to tell you but i can ' t remember what they are now everything is a whole topic and now i ' m like but what is? well we haven ' t finished covering the theory of everything though have we? the theory of everything will never end erm the theory of everything will never end there were loads of things before coming away that i wanted to talk but now don ' t
318. can ' t remember what they are now everything is a whole topic and now i ' m like but what is? well we haven ' t finished covering the theory of everything though have we? the theory of everything will never end erm the theory of everything will never end there were loads of things before coming away that i wanted to talk but now don ' t seem important like work yeah how much i
319. is a whole topic and now i ' m like but what is? well we haven ' t finished covering the theory of everything though have we? the theory of everything will never end erm the theory of everything will never end there were loads of things before coming away that i wanted to talk but now don ' t seem important like work yeah how much i disliked that job now it ' s all just
321. how ' s erm? well i was asking how was getting on he ' s got his test at the end of this month i was gonna say oh has he? yeah has he passed his theory? oh i assume so oh cos he failed it first time round yeah okay so he ' s got his theor oh so but but then once he ' s passed his test that ' s his
323. he was probably borborn in the nineteenth century and he yeah his work was kind of like early twentieth century wasn ' t it? yeah that it became this well known for relativity and so on theory of relativity it might not have been it might ' ve been grimms by then why who ' s the other one? hans christian andersen no but i was just saying like the time what was they were
327. trendy kind of what ' s that? well they ' re very into it in classics for sort of well it ' s not it ' s they ' re into it in classics bebe reception theory because it me it only real rea reason why you would study it but what how would you define it? as this like media response or something? well it ' s what i it ' s what
328. mainly of his letters and stuff it ' s true it ' s true though yeah so is that an actual a play? no the term reception is that sort of a theoretical term in classics or literary theory i ' ve never heard it before oh yeah oh god yes literary theory mate you lived with a literary theory person yeah she just like lost it and dropped out of academics she got so tangled up with the
329. though yeah so is that an actual a play? no the term reception is that sort of a theoretical term in classics or literary theory i ' ve never heard it before oh yeah oh god yes literary theory mate you lived with a literary theory person yeah she just like lost it and dropped out of academics she got so tangled up with the french people she got so freaked no i think what did her in is
330. a play? no the term reception is that sort of a theoretical term in classics or literary theory i ' ve never heard it before oh yeah oh god yes literary theory mate you lived with a literary theory person yeah she just like lost it and dropped out of academics she got so tangled up with the french people she got so freaked no i think what did her in is she taught this course on erm
337. i translated it into english it just didn ' t sound english and i didn ' t have that capability of being able to yeah i had to yeah i had to change it i did one module of theory and of translation and that was quite interesting mm but can you imagine like sitting in lectures and i was please don ' t ask me a question please don ' t ask me a question for the first semester
338. was talking to me shall we walk back to the car? yes yeah was talking to me the other night and he said i ' ve been doing a lot of studying about masmaslow ' s theory and i said oh i know that oh and me and he said i ' ve got my basics i ' ve got my house i ' ve got my shelter i ' ve got the feelings yeah yeah he
339. i can ' t remember what i was gonna say about you were trying to do wills and stuff but he wasn ' t doing the oh no fundamental things tal pract yes and maslow ' s theory yeah yeah to to feel safe to feel secure to feel that you can achieve all these other things you need to have the foundations foundations and i feel if you ' re in a lifelong commitment with somebody and
341. erm semester all these this lectures that i was going to were all about real life scenarios so there was one mp english mp and sorry what was your course called? er it was legal and political theory mm it was very good because did you enjoy it? i love it i loved it i loved it i loved it was it a fulfilling year? yes oh i didn ' t want to leave i was
343. t true like we know that ain ' t true you ' ve got science you ' ve got you ' ve got all this stuff you know it ain ' t true but then i learned about the theory of everything mm and now i see the importance of it so really the the key to everything is the theory of everything the acceptance of other people ' s erm like you do what you want there '
344. ve got all this stuff you know it ain ' t true but then i learned about the theory of everything mm and now i see the importance of it so really the the key to everything is the theory of everything the acceptance of other people ' s erm like you do what you want there ' s the buffet well i ' ve got a really good it i need a pen and paper but i '
349. cos i ' m not on her i ' m not on the same scale as her do you see what i mean? i do t completely see what you mean but can i tell you the theory of everything? yes so by the way is it really called the theory of everything? no or was it you that call it that? that ' s me that ' s calling it the theory of everything
350. same scale as her do you see what i mean? i do t completely see what you mean but can i tell you the theory of everything? yes so by the way is it really called the theory of everything? no or was it you that call it that? that ' s me that ' s calling it the theory of everything which is not really any i could right we ' ll call it vibrations
351. the theory of everything? yes so by the way is it really called the theory of everything? no or was it you that call it that? that ' s me that ' s calling it the theory of everything which is not really any i could right we ' ll call it vibrations theory yes so erm anything any time right so there ' s the you that ' s the physical you and then there
352. everything? no or was it you that call it that? that ' s me that ' s calling it the theory of everything which is not really any i could right we ' ll call it vibrations theory yes so erm anything any time right so there ' s the you that ' s the physical you and then there ' s the you that ' s the non - physical you that ' s the the
353. it was like nine pounds but i just really wanna read it cos i just really want i went into the attic and looked at an item and i thought i need help from that woman in the theory of everything that ' s one of the methods that you can use for getting happy getting rid of stuff? yeah well tidying yeah and getting which includes obviously getting rid of stuff putting things where they '
360. uh um start theorizing and well i suppose he ' s promoting it yeah getting them into oh i ' m not sure like it ' s like the big the big bang the big big bang theory it ' s a bit like uh um that ' s sort of really really theoretical actually a lot of the stuff they talk about isn ' t it? well it ' s quite good though i suppose for
361. i mean that ' s it ' s just funny and people don ' t watch that really for oh d ' you mean uh the big bang or the hm? do d ' you mean big bang theory or d ' you mean uh what d ' you mean? cox ' s programme big oh well i was talking about big ba big bang but yeah both of them really big bang but i dunno if
362. don ' t i don ' t think we have the riverside chaucer oh don ' t horrible that book that ' s is that the one you used for your doorstop? er yeah and theory and criticism as well theory and criticism cos that is god a heavy door wow is i ' m a celebrity back on? yes oh no i didn ' t know another reality tv thing we ' ll
363. ' t think we have the riverside chaucer oh don ' t horrible that book that ' s is that the one you used for your doorstop? er yeah and theory and criticism as well theory and criticism cos that is god a heavy door wow is i ' m a celebrity back on? yes oh no i didn ' t know another reality tv thing we ' ll catch up i can watch
366. the hat? the thing on your head? oh what was the long thin thing between axel one two three four five oh axel axel destroy them dad don ' t but it ' s not in the theory test then so no don ' t need don ' t need to know shall i mum? oh sorry what we are on objects again oh okay blue blue light blue light blue okay so turning over a few
373. i think there are ones really funnies i think there was like one funny per episode if that yeah if that there ' s a couple of good ones though the the the who likes the big bang theory? i ' ve seen a bit of that it ' s alright i only ever watch it on the plane it ' s it ' s so it ' s alright it ' s so lol what '
374. cos you ' re like essays and stuff well one of erm the sociology one ' s going to be the worst cos it ' s the longest and it ' s like a completely a theory one yeah whereas with the two linguistics ones erm it ' s possible for me to kind of blag my way through which sounds weird yeah because one of them is basically just like the grammars of
375. sounds weird yeah because one of them is basically just like the grammars of languages and you ' re basically just describing the languages and comparing them so there ' s not really like there ' s no theory involved yeah it ' s basically just reading one book for each language and then the other one is very it ' s an empirical one where i just have to do loads of data so oh yeah that shouldn
376. very it ' s an empirical one where i just have to do loads of data so oh yeah that shouldn ' t be too bad it shouldn ' t be too i have to compare it to a theory but it shouldn ' t be too bad it ' s just the sociology one the sociology one yeah it ' s going to be the hell tachla er where do you currently live? country england oh
379. failure is okay as long mm as you use it to succeed yes to build upon something yeah for the next stage and and for a a a better solution next time yeah i ' ve actually got some theory about how that to back that up too not that they might be all that interested in that but anyway erm so yeah i think there ' s you know a number of ideas worth exploring there erm
380. singing and dancing which is what her partner did erm he cos he did a different course he did a ddiploma and she did a degree mm and the degree was more into the theory like yours was when you said mm you went to she just didn ' t like it she wanted to do the other but couldn ' t but her last year she could do she went to changed the er

Cluster 2
0. without stopping that ' s what that ' s all there is it is a mystery i maybe in the distant past when people had to travel more slowly they all stopped in perth it ' s my new theory and i have a picture of mushi - shi which was a movie that was out on the twenty - fourth of march dunno what year it ' s from the director of well the director had something
2. point is it ' s meant to be an allegory for the particle wave duality right right oh yeah so a wa a wave can be both a particle and love the way the big bang theory turns it into into a relationship paradigm yeah by we can be both dating and not dating the way leonard and penny did it so so a wave can ' t be a particle at the same time as it
3. to by undefined up until that point do you have any idea how we understand what photons are like? cos we obviously we can ' t see them yeah erm is it still a theory or? well cos the moment they hit your light they ' re gone they ' re eye your eye they ' re gone oh right yeah yeah yeah yeah eh that ' s the that ' s the
11. i don ' t really understand yeah yeah so he just like expects you to understand yeah but he thinks everyone that does music is automatically like already is already like really clever and so we turn up to theory he ' s like are you getting this? are you getting you ' re getting this yeah okay er he won ' t even ask he ' ll be like right you ' re getting this you ' re
13. listening to pop music and you yeah li indie er not indie pop in yeah like indie yeah or r and b or or marilyn manson yeah and then you and then yeah i think that ' s my theory yeah but he was like so he thinks he ' s like really musical yeah and really into music but it ' s just because he likes listening to music mm and he kind of plays the drums but he
16. it was a woman? no so it ' s mr yeah oh well to kill a mockingbird i ' ve just been reading about this so who wrote it? oh that ' s actually a conspiracy theory oh for goodness sake what miss said that there ' s actually a conspiracy that if you look on the back of the book there ' s a review of this guy and he ' s like this is excellent
17. okay? that ' s what suggested em like yeah even it up a bit yeah yeah well let ' s we can test it out later yeah we we can it ' s like i i have this theory that one of my friends em ju j he has the most amazing bouncy way of walking he ' s sort of like tigger basically em and i always wondered that if he walked on a bo
18. now you ' re on a train now do it now shshots what? can you explain what this shot glass is to cambridge? the shot glass? yeah so it ' s er what this theory is none of them have ever seen a shot glass before it ' s a small glass where you put a no they probably haven ' t a s usually a a vodka cos vodka ' s quite strong
19. yeah and obviously in the seventies she has a lot of people who who would be there until the last days they will be in safe seats there will be no reselection or anything oh my whole theory of thatcherism is that it could only have emerged when it did because it was at that time when those who had fought in the war were vanishing from public life it couldn ' t have emerged before as
21. exhausted don ' t know why i think you it ' s probably more on an emotional level and you were having a good process yeah and a good purge and a good clear so that ' s my theory yep you ' re probably right and my instincts suggest you probably are gonna need a fair bit of time staring at the wall over the next few days which i ' m rather selfishly quite disappointed at sorry
24. there was pit mm erm so going theoretically anyway and very loosely speaking if you get a higher education you get lifted out of that mm erm and then sort of thethere ' s another theory about erm can ' t remember what it was called now but it ' s about industry experience so making a decision this is where the placement model fits that students can you know if they taste something then
28. and they create all these things like you know the commie thing you know the the russians you know create al - qaeda race al - qaeda of course yeah i mean who that ' s another conspiracy theory that al - qaeda don ' t actually exist well that ' ll be the next the next big one because oh well it ' s just too much it ' s just too much you know that yeah the
29. something about the food or something mm something silly freedom fries not french fries freedom fries yeah exactly but our special relationship dragged us into a war well david kelly you know er dr david kelly is another conspiracy theory yeah mm what happened to him? well it ' s that one ' s pretty obvious really isn ' t it well it would be to most people most educated people yeah yeah yeah yeah er but it '
30. it was some kind of oh the two things are coarsely related must be er it ' s just too who done it? coincidental yeah that ' s the er coincidence can can become a great theory mm mm a conspiracy yep and there ' s so many coincidences in life we have them all the time that ' s true you know just me bumping into someone on the street serendipity
31. think i know i ' m gonna suffer for it i know i ' m gonna regret it but mm like and yo ah this is it you just have to have a slice with some butter i my theory is oh we all do i ' m gonna be eating bad tonight anyway so sod it yeah exactly mm do you know what the meal is er the menu or anything have they? i can ' t
32. he was making like bootleg alcohol for me for christmas mm erm but then i was so i was also convinced that actually he wasn ' t but i was like it ' s a reasonable enough theory that i can stick with it and like cos if i knew he was doing something i didn ' t know what it was i was gonna keep guessing so i was like i ' m mm just gonna
33. but they stopped stocking that now here anyway d ' you reckon like people thought in the recession people aren ' t gonna want organic stuff so we just won ' t? mm well that was my theory dunno well it does seem to have coincided like quite well with that but then they stuck all kinds of other completely unnecessary things anyway mm mm so i dunno mm what was that wine that we had
34. so it ' s actually only a case of that to that yeah but so it ' s in the straight isn ' t it as opposed to like being open sea i think it is all is my theory kind of open sea yeah it does need more research it ' s not just like er does not it ' s not just like you know a small lake you know the channel ' s quite so would you
42. yeah i ' m paying about seventeen i pay a hundred and seventy for ten lessons yeah mm that ' s alright oo and have you started revising your highway code? i ' ve passed my theory oh have you? yeah i passed it um in january ah but i ' m taking a big long break now so i don ' t mm i ' m gonna have to come back and sort of get
46. ##m oh really? yes so it if you would go up to about say seven fifty or maybe a bit more so that you could come down to seven two five from there i ' ve heard this theory before this is the idea i ' ve not only heard this theory i ' ve actually seen it in action it ' s the ever increasing budget of the house search no but it ' s a bit different
47. about say seven fifty or maybe a bit more so that you could come down to seven two five from there i ' ve heard this theory before this is the idea i ' ve not only heard this theory i ' ve actually seen it in action it ' s the ever increasing budget of the house search no but it ' s a bit different this time isn ' t it? cos you don ' t
48. ' t remember but i know a great way to get rid of plastic mm? dig down quite deep find some lava pour it on the plastic and it sizzles away well that is a good theory actually perhaps we could all put stuff into a volcano mum no not into a volcano i ' m being serious because er when it e because if the volcano was like able to erupt mm? then it
49. the evidence of how how much er coincidently you ' re willing to accept to say that ' s true cos the thing is the i don ' t really agree with it but science er any theory could be accepted until it ' s proved false yeah proven false so the government if they say if somebody says far out the moon is made of er cheese you ' ve got to believe it because you know
56. yeah three three tests uh - huh and it was er in them days it wasn ' t so hard uh - huh and er what did you have to do back then then? well there was no theory test no? there was no checking the oil and water and stuff which you have to do now oo god you have to open the bonnet don ' t you i think i think so part of the
60. i i have a i have a theory that i just came up with right now yeah yeah perhaps the only way to get the perfect review is to have no expectations of the movie at all yeah i mean or even even to the extent of not
66. is now work out where i am going cos if if aus is the plan that ' s fine cos that ' s perfect cos that ' s when comes back so my plan my my theory mm is my thinking that i couldn ' t actually go with cos one of us might die like i genuinely think i might oh how? kill her oh right she ' s lovely she ' s a
67. think the benefits should be less in that case course it should course it should for goodness sake that ' s the thing but that ' s when there ' s something wrong with the system and the other theory is that they ' re trying to do a population poll cos there are too many people mm so which i can actually believe we helping them well we ' re not so sure we don ' t devi
68. if that ' s been facilitated by this because you cannot bree like let a a population like that breed and then there ' s no consequence to it yeah but then it ' s all part of the theory of everything so it doesn ' t mm in the in the great scheme of things everything ' s all unfolding as it ' s going to anyway there ' s not that much of a difference do you
70. because it ' s supposed to sorry? isn ' t it doesn ' t it consume more calories to digest it than it does actually have in it all together? i think that ' s the theory yeah that ' s the theory yeah but whether it actually works or not erm so yeah so anyway so that ' s basically what i do so are you dealing with all the universities and? yep so
71. sorry? isn ' t it doesn ' t it consume more calories to digest it than it does actually have in it all together? i think that ' s the theory yeah that ' s the theory yeah but whether it actually works or not erm so yeah so anyway so that ' s basically what i do so are you dealing with all the universities and? yep so what do you have to actually
75. it ' s easy mm it doesn ' t mean that everyone else thinks it ' s easy literally he ' s just so he ' s like and miss oh we should be able to get over this theory in half an hour yeah let ' s just go through it now yeah he ' s literally just like miss he thinks everyone else can understand and we ' re all yeah we ' ll just be like what
83. but they probably mixed up your order no they didn ' t they ' ve just they ' ve just they ' ve obviously just changed the recipe why ' s that funny? you are you are mr theory i know mm a dragon swooped in and said a chicken? a dragon you like stacking things up don ' t you? i love stacking things up a dragon swooped in and then er
89. yeah mm i think there ' s no other way i i i i ' ve moved up to second gear to get out of i ' m aiming to go onto third gear soon i never bothered my theory with hills was i mean somebody told me when about walking up mountains and stuff yeah that you should walk if you ' re walking on an incline you should walk at a pace that you feel that you '
92. and you can publish it and you publish it through digital output and so the stuff i ' ve been talking about as the digital producer is that you know? okay i ' m gonna this is my theory and when i started teaching i was here mm from about early nineteen nineties okay? yes then i learnt how to create doc erm resources for learners in word document is there any more of that?
93. in a couple of years time is he ' s gonna come out with some really good clues for the rest of us to pick up on about what what okay what this actually is this is a new theory being born right now okay so er thathat as you ' ve explained might be the context of of individual learning plans such that people can as indeindependents of of a system find a mechanism
95. now that ' s their house and that ' s the cliff now exactly yeah they ' re still dangerous to let people live there innit? yeah yeah you know i suppose they ' ve got this theory that they won ' t you know just chuck people out of their houses that ' s right yeah you know willy nilly just cos it ' s you know just cos it ' s dangerous yeah
96. anglia yeah are we supposed to get worried? are you worried? no no i ' m not worried i mean the thing is we thought they come out with these theories but it ' s only a theory well cause it ' s only a theory yeah i mean it is true that places like greenland they ' re lifting out of the sea that ' s lifting out of the sea cos they ' re two
97. ? are you worried? no no i ' m not worried i mean the thing is we thought they come out with these theories but it ' s only a theory well cause it ' s only a theory yeah i mean it is true that places like greenland they ' re lifting out of the sea that ' s lifting out of the sea cos they ' re two two centimetres a year innit? something
98. ##uffle slicer slicer even so just go on amazon there ' ll be one on there won ' t there? four fifty red sky at night i wonder if that ' s actually true that theory or whether it just er it is i think it is mm yeah it works find out in the morning that and cows lying down i don ' t think that ' s true i don ' t think that
104. re i reckon what will happen is that in the future what we ' ll develop very agitated and angry accents because they ' ll be growing up and they realise how much as house costs this is my theory this is true you know yeah this is very true you know that ' s just what my daughter is going through at the moment i know she was at em last yesterday she was at em oh you know
108. for erm the mixture of genetics and environment i ' ve forgotten oh i ' ve forgotten the name of it a mixture of nature and nurture? yeah they ' ve there ' s a new theory which balances it up it ' s probably not new it ' s not a new theory but they ' ve given a name to it oh what is it? anyway i don ' t think it '
109. the name of it a mixture of nature and nurture? yeah they ' ve there ' s a new theory which balances it up it ' s probably not new it ' s not a new theory but they ' ve given a name to it oh what is it? anyway i don ' t think it ' s anything t with genetics that particular action i think that ' s pure environment i think it
110. because it just reminded me if he saw that oh my goodness he ' d go potty and if you don ' t agree with him he gets really so he lives his life by hostile a conspiracy theory? yeah pretty much lots of people are like that it ' s true and i always say to him i ' ve sort of i ' ve managed to avoid them somehow i say well let ' s just
111. could be better served something and being barred from restaurants and being barred from hotels you ' re so rude and abusive but it ' s oh no never his fault and oh right it ' s the conspiracy theory he ' s actually very lik i i find him very likable but he ' s what ' s his name? right and he lives in? he lives in he lives in near and you
112. was a beautician yeah and erm and yeah that didn ' t work either didn ' t work either no just so he didn ' t go back to that fortune teller no go a conspiracy theory somebody set him up and it ' s like typical theme like they ' re always the bees knees you know you get of this is mm and then when they ' ve fallen out of favour oh suddenly yeah
115. not go there because it ' s like you ' re pretending to be gay okay it would be it would be no no he ' s he ' s he ' s he ' s just demonstrating his theory he ' s not being friends with any more he ' s just being sexual no okay yeah oh sure just sexual yeah it would be healthy for me to have a sexual relationship with someone and then break up
122. tour of thailand on holiday while we were there which was nice and erm yeah i remember we went to the british club and got a massage there and they tended to employ blind thai people because the theory being that they are better at massage and the massage was amazing i had a probably a better one from a a rather rotund thai lady on a beach for about a tenth of the price as well er
127. there ' s two versions like when animals used to go hide in the eaves the inside structure of a house then it rained really heavily they used to kind of drop down that ' s what one theory is but the other theory is that sometimes you do get strong rain storms which lift things up from one place and put them down in the other so there was a time where it was raining frogs cos
128. like when animals used to go hide in the eaves the inside structure of a house then it rained really heavily they used to kind of drop down that ' s what one theory is but the other theory is that sometimes you do get strong rain storms which lift things up from one place and put them down in the other so there was a time where it was raining frogs cos frogs were and raining fish
129. in cos i like you know to risk these things yeah living on the edge yeah yeah we can see mm is it alive? yeah you need to all get out of there hmm i uh my theory with the putting the th putting things down the pl hole the plughole is that if it fits it ' s going down that ' s fine it ' s not then if it doesn ' t i '
130. could put money on coins and lift a lift a flap that will ring a bell if you put put the biggest bell is the one if you put a note in oh you put put well well my theory yeah but will people want to know that they ' re how are you gonna work that? will they really want to know that some they ' re putting a penny in yeah they ' re putting a no
135. there ' s also this or if i was gonna get really into sort of erm what do they call it? er i ' ve forgotten what the word is a conspiracy almost a oh right conspiracy theory to mm take the control away cos also the control has kind of i think there ' s more control than we know i just think there is yeah but it ' s just well yeah an instinct mm
138. to be able to use as much language as they ' re using therefore they must already have the language and they just have to put the words of the language in goodness it ' s quite a crazy theory that they ' ve been building on since the sixties and it ' s it ' s completely revolutionised a lot of fields about language er acquisition and how we do all this kind of stuff you know what
139. get set and they go okay english is a language where i have to structure they ' re not consciously doing that but it ' s a tacit it ' s er unconscious it ' s a fascinating theory isn ' t it? no it is it really really is yeah erm show how you can count is it count? it in i italian? you can count go on then uno due tre quatt
140. go and he ' s really patient with me yeah yeah you know and i said he he is a lovely man i said ' s you know and he was interested in whether he ' d passed his theory yes and yeah you know let me know and ah yeah oh that ' s nice oh yeah well we ' ll nice chap take his number when we ' re when we get there another few months yeah
143. and and sosome people were kind of with me and then someone said that that ' s a stupid you know stupid what what ' s the phra blueugh phrase i ' m looking for? theory no it ' s a stupid line of reason that ' s what i was looking for oh okay and i didn ' t think it was erm but then that person the person i was accusing got killed
144. exactly what i ' ve just said isn ' t it? i know i ' m just reaffirming what you are saying yeah erm it it is saying the claim is based on the theory that the neurons erm in the brains of people with alzheimer ' s disease are unable to use glucose to produce energy properly and therefore starve and the theory is that coconut oil might act as an alternative
145. is saying the claim is based on the theory that the neurons erm in the brains of people with alzheimer ' s disease are unable to use glucose to produce energy properly and therefore starve and the theory is that coconut oil might act as an alternative energy source but there is not enough scientific evidence to know for sure whether this is the case erm and there is a clinical trial being conducted in the us
146. it? might be a bar up there when we arrived that was what? five - ish? yeah but there were less cars than there were there then i think well can you sit your driving theory when you ' re still sixteen? not sure or do you have to be seventeen? think you ' d have to be seventeen take that on your seventeenth birthday now can ' t you? yeah i guess
148. that was just me saying that it could be possible that we ' re just a creation of something else that has been created by something or whatever but yeah but you could you we could all have a theory and that all are untested and nobody would know and exactly i ' m not saying it ' s true i ' m saying that ' s what that ' s why i don ' t believe it
151. times i can tell you okay tell you the same thing and i told you okay i ' m sorry speak to him okay i ' m so but you think we ' ve got some kind of conspiracy theory going on i ' m sorry okay i where we ' ve worked out some story that okay can i just we ' ll g t lie to you and and you know for what purpose i ' m not
154. oh well at least he ' s got his stuff yeah okay because i think i read somewhere they need you know shin pads and notepads it ' s a bit indoors a bit outdoors bit of theory mm right okay okay mm but anyway so you didn ' t like this woman? yeah no i didn ' t like her because and may she said erm i ' m not a counsellor this is
155. and it was like a horror was it a horror movie? no it was mockingjay mocking yeah do you remember? we were talking about bread and shit oh shit then yes shit at your bread theory yeah and then it was true it is true yes yeah oh yeah i know i told i told all these people about it my base erm shit there ' s a new mockingbird the new next part
156. we don ' t care what looks great we ' ll just choose the cheapest ones buy a load of compost and a shovel and just have a day in the garden you you see m my theory is the patio he ' s saying that he wants basically to ask trudy to move these slabs basically like two feet this way so they go to the edge of the conservatory patio to the left of the
157. like whether you think they ' re very accurate one of them is more about infants than erm actually they ' re both about like children quiet in here erm yeah so the first one is a theory by piaget have you heard of piaget? piaget? yeah didn ' t he invent pasta? is he? really? it ' s just mine wasn ' t much better i was gonna
163. extra income tax really mm yeah yeah it ' s just that you get sixteen thousand tax free and then you pay above the rest yeah so you know if you ' re earning cos you know the theory was that everyone who finished university would get would gotta get a good job would get a job and you know thirty grand yeah start off at thirty grand so they could easily afford it yeah yeah but they suddenly
164. can do it but then as soon as i go away or shut down the youtube video or something forget everything mm just sitting there looking at it like what do i do with this there ' s this theory and it ' s basically if you do ten thousand hours of something you ' ll become you ' ll be an expert at it really? yeah like my friend were telling me and like it ' s just
166. came i woke up this morning and i came well you matured it you you ' ve let it you ' ve let it age you ' ve let it breathe that ' s that ' s one theory i can i got out of bed this morning and i was like oh i ' ve left the cake on the side it was all crispy never mind well at least it ' s br it ' s
169. the moon and he came back and he claims it ' s all true he claimed it before the film was made mm he claimed it a long time before well the film is based on that um conspiracy theory isn ' t it mm although they claim that the the film is real footage of that of that um episode or whatever you wanna call it those spider babies mm it is a bit gruesome though mm
170. because they were scared of something they saw something when they was there mm and they didn ' t wanna go back mm well there there might have been but then er you know that ' s just one theory cos the american government say we stopped going there because we didn ' t have enough money mm once that ' s true we got to the moon we didn ' t wanna spend that much money again mm
171. house and at my brother ' s house and they ' ve both got erm well they both live in the country where you ' ve got a big long straight road with fields either side and my theory was that at dusk or after dark the owl ah little fox oh that ' s so cute he thinks the bedding is snow ah he ' s trying to find something to eat in there ah that '
172. in there ah that ' s cute yeah ah i love owls yeah so yeah i think they were trying to use the headlights from the vehicles to find something to eat mm mm yeah that ' s my theory anyway erm but i ' ve given one of my students my illness have you? yeah ah i text oh i emailed him this morning saying i ' m gonna have to cancel for tomorrow and he
173. oh that ' s nice isn ' t it? mm it ' s a good story good facts maybe that ' s what maybe it wasn ' t an apple dropping on his head that he got the theory of gravity could have been the flap yeah coming back down well why does that flap the cat flap yeah go like that? i doubt it that ' s probably from yeah cos like some people were saying
174. fat arse okay she does look a bit like that yeah i know that ' s what i mean i swear she has got a fat arse she ' s so boring honestly though she has no theory who? rosie she ' s boring as fuck they ' re all boring though yeah the only one that isn ' t is lucy and binky like so it ' s not yeah yeah look at louise sorry
176. a springboard for me to say you ' re wrong this was a springboard for me to say you ' re right okay well i could i agree entirely i think it ' s a very interesting theory that you consider it propaganda and i ' d agree with you on it i think that you not saying it ' s not nice to watch oh no no it ' s it is nice but that ' s
182. ' s related in a way isn ' t it yeah yeah yeah yeah because it ' s all connected isn ' t it with er information is just mm shared so much quicker these days i have a theory that it ' s just made everyone shameless shameless? ah ah that that ' s a better word than faceless maybe yes yeah yeah shameless shameless yeah cos i ' m of an
183. we erm it helps it ' s not i thought it was more than that actually yeah w but that guy called out seven major things we ' d have to do but as well yeah his whole theory was that it would be kind of edited didn ' t say that right but it ' s like so as long as you get on like first day they add five years then ten years and then they '
197. a half years between me and my brother mm yeah if there ' s a huge age gap then you would spend more time with adults i think than that sibling makes sense mm so that ' s my theory yeah on children yes i mean i ' m sure they ' re very nice yeah yeah i i think eleven upwards is okay any younger than that yeah and there ' s not a lot going on and it
201. aaat a single point at a head point yeah further in time you know that ' s gonna happen although quite a few of them die yes don ' t they yeah erm there ' s a theory that fans believe i don ' t know if you ' ve come across it but the they claim that john snow is actually the air to the throne and he wasn ' t ed stark ' s son he
202. he ' s not actually his son so that ' s oh right and george r r martin has recently said that fans have actually got his ending correct oh alright but he hasn ' t said which fan theory it is which yeah yes but he ' s grappling with whether or not he should change what happens in the book yes because he ' s apparently he ' s been been putting lots of subtle clues
207. by using the nnaked male body in greece and but people do say about columns ssort of doric columns and er ionic columns and vitru like the sort of vitruvian theory about male doric columns and and based on the male body er well i mean er those are all good theories i mean well i don ' t suppose we ' ll ever know erm but it seems
208. of corn so when you ' ve got the corn tied together and then it springs out at the top and the that was originally how the dwellings were were erm constructed and so it was just their theory i seem to remember i can ' t remember it ' s a very famous book that i remember giving to my father for christmas erm fifties er in the fifties i would ' ve thought erm what
209. i don ' t think i ' ll get disheartened but again you can never tell until you ' re there yeah it ' s true i ' ve never understood the erm the bubble theory actually no? i ' ve never understood that erm partly partly because i think and this is my claclassic literature philosophy but bubbles are er such a a function of everyday life in the in
210. well a hybrid one at the moment because i don ' t think at the moment there ' s enough chargers everywhere no there isn ' t so only the hybrid but mm so i ' ve got a theory about the way i think the electric cars in the future they won ' t be rechargeable they ' ll have rechargeable batteries which you will then you ' ll just change the battery
212. to do? just have it without cheese but actually it tasted delicious so who can say well there you go so what you talking about mm there seems to be one snag with your er your theory we only have we only got no white i only bought red she didn ' t buy white that ' s why we have to go to the pub to get it deary me well the the first step
213. to develop anything new and they didn ' t have time to so so yeah pe these people will stay the same and the idea is that we don ' t kind of thing it was kind of his theory wasn ' t it more than the facts a little bit yeah but he did say it was his personal view didn ' t he? the whole thing is his personal view and yeah what ' s amazing when
214. s amazing when you look back and something like that is that probably he ' s very close to what people still believe and but he was it was quite extraordinary for somebody to have very influential yeah that theory then yeah well it is a really interesting programme and erm i love thinking that in the seventies with that you know ludicrous computers and all of these things that they sent a man to the moon
215. before writing my dissertation but oh i know but it was it was really good to go having uhu like read so much about them to actually go yeah and be in them cos all of the theory that i ' d written about was like you need to go and be in them yeah i was like i haven ' t been in these and i really want to uhu and you know that ' s
216. was pathetic i just didn ' t i didn ' t know who to vote for i just thought i tried to tell you well voting for the greens is a waste of time what i like about the theory of well lim deb lib dems is that you know that they should be a balancing act but i think no and then the labour party hardly exists anymore yeah but that ' s i think that
217. bloody hell yeah i mean and and he said am i right? and he said er yes you are you know? yeah yeah oh yeah yeah amazing but you know what? so his his what his theory then is that the subconscious is outside yeah of your body? no that ' s ' s oh that ' s? ' s not not ' s and why does think that? i don ' t know
227. ##m at all except for i guess right in front of the shed yeah but where i got this plan from mm what i was working on this book called the half - hour allotment so the theory is that you if you set up your allotment right with mm the right plants you can get yourself food every week of the year oh wow and erm you only have to go is it it
228. an hour like four times a week or something oh cool or you could condense that into longer slots at yeah the weekend so it but there ' s a lot of set up yeah and then the theory is all you need to do is pop up and weed brilliant do a bit of watering but actually like the guy in the plot next to me says he doesn ' t water okay what he did for his
232. lots of con like it ' s it ' s control loop modelling my research project so a lot of the control loop for a a power circuit mm and um but you can ' t test if my theory ' s correct if m my model is right until you get this bit of kit and they ' re like oh we ' ll go and buy this bit of kit now not because of what i ' d
233. yeah so if i drive in ' s driveway am i going to get out again? yeah i should do shouldn ' t i? there ' s enough bumpy bits yeah i think this is my theory in northern ireland as well that you know when things freeze and stuff? if you ' ve got like a well - maintained road that ' s really flat then you ' ve got problems in snow and ice
236. was it? don ' t know he ' s allegedly sort of be hidden the fact he ' s been gay for a long time hasn ' t he? isn ' t there some mad mad conspiracy theory that it ' s something to do with jill dando? what? ah no that ' s that ' s i have heard that that ' s interesting that she knew she she was going to do an
237. he? so they could kind of say look he was a yes but i don ' t yeah a loner that just wanted sex with her or something but then but there was there ' s a theory that she was going to expose cliff yeah yeah yeah oh yeah i don ' t know not it i don ' t know if it was him specifically but a paedophile ring at the bbc obviously and
238. the evidence suggests they did mm well but okay if i change it slightly it ' s got to be something since the second world war and now so it ' s got to be a a known conspiracy theory kennedy who who killed mamarilyn monroe? yeah yeah er elvis but there ' s no more questions is there? he just ate himself to death bruce lee kurt cobain but his was just what was
239. ##m hokum oh really? yeah somebody changed to do the test but when it was double - checked it was wrong oh okay yeah like ripper would be a good question i always like the theory about it being princess er queen victoria ' s like seventh son or something i quite like that idea but that ' s one of the questions right the answer is going to be albert jones or somebody right isn
240. in prison for it? he ' s not in prison for it is he? he ' s in prison for someone else he ' s in prison now that ' s a that ' s a conspiracy theory for that though? no not for that for he ' s in prison for breaking and entering and robbing his own championship rings yeah but it ' s it ' s connected to the case somehow armed robbery
241. in somewhere to try and steal his stuff back and someone had a gun and he got arrested for life for that he he got thirty - three years for that i mean that ' s the biggest conspiracy theory oh that ' s why they got him there it was a it was a drunken thing where he was going back to get his own stuff right is own memorabilia like said shouldn ' t have done that yeah
244. had her professional face on yeah er but her assistant who took over when she she moved off to another department somewhere er a guy called er he was er he was quite strange you know this big bang theory? yeah well er sheldon reminds me of him but but not in the sense of being completely isolated from humanity as sheldon seems to be but um in being a very intelligent and b very obsessional about things
252. energy for what you ' re eating but thththe thing is sugar is really what causes people to be fat and they think that like erm sugar is very acidic i think and there was that theory that you know when fruits are ready they ' re very sugary and like usually that ' s a time that we want to plump up it ' s in harvest it ' s in like september october ah
253. didn ' t in excess but then obviously if your yeah mostly it would well maybe once a week what do you think about the ffasting diet? have you heard about this yeah yeah yeah yeah theory that fasting generates more yeah yeah it may be cheaper yeah it ' s cheaper but then it ' s just i don ' t necessarily think it ' s trying i don ' t know because if you
254. and store the calories you do take in yeah exactly mm it ' s a very dangerous thing isn ' t it? so it ' s yeah it ' s difficult but theoretically and i understand the theory behind it it depends what you eat if your body is not receiving food it ' s gonna have to step up a gear to help you find food yeah ththey believe that yeah you ' re not
255. i mean if i have a child i could make a strong impact on one person if i follow academia i could have a strong impact on thousands of people mm i could write come up with some revolutionary theory that has an impact on lots of people forever or who ' s to say though i could have one child and that you and er you know will have your ten - year plan and get where you wanna
267. yeah yeah the millennium yeah yeah it ' s when all them planes crashed isn ' t it what was that programme that we used to watch? and those two american guys and they used to test a theory? yeah can ' t remember what it was called yeah yeah yeah yeah bang goes the theory mythbuster no mythbusters oh yes i ' ve seen mythbusters yeah they did one where i
269. taking over now is it true that there are er only two families? one from africa and one from europe this is this is a a well no but er i thi think probably the the strongest theory is that er if you take adam and eve yeah not the christian story just no you know the first man and woman yeah they were african they had to be from right and er whwhitenes
272. and there ' s and it ' s the son of the guy who owns the egg farm is like him and he comes in and he tells you and he ' s he ' s got this conspiracy theory you know that everything is some sort of theory to keep us under and all the rest of it absolutely everything you know he says that glass he says i wouldn ' t drink out of that glass like that
273. son of the guy who owns the egg farm is like him and he comes in and he tells you and he ' s he ' s got this conspiracy theory you know that everything is some sort of theory to keep us under and all the rest of it absolutely everything you know he says that glass he says i wouldn ' t drink out of that glass like that why ' s that? he says oh he
280. to prove sosomething yeah connected to it how they ' re trying to fit it in that ' s right yeah and then they sa cos this is the thing with fred hoyle ' s theory about er the the er nuclei in stars and stuff like this yeah which sorted out a lot of stuff and er his theories were accepted for ages but there was something he says well someone worked out how much
281. you know no one could have an idea that you know sorts out everything no no that ' s true you know you can only sort out one little bit and er yeah it ' s like the light theory isn ' t it? that ' s right yeah about whether it ' s a wave or a or a pulse that ' s right yeah and er then they come up to say it ' s a pulse
283. was horrible i hated it it ' s like potholing does the same thing potholing? mm what ' s that? it ' s like caving working in confined spaces dr had a theory that ye it took you back to your birth when you were being squeezed through thought you were going the birth canal mate you did have well yeah but a tight squeeze oh god strewth yeah you see
284. ##s those feelings conjures bloody nora you eat the food off of my plate oh dear stick it up your left nostril oh breathe through your left nostril you ' ve got a theory for bloody everything except wish you had a theory for the bloody lottery numbers might be useful wonder what dr is doing now we might see him dr i think you can just drive there and then turn round there
287. is the name of the place where you ' ve got most of them living in eighteen forty - one i see oh right all very close together it ' s a place there but ' s got a theory see yeah er he says that we ' ve actually come from ireland before that erm because i think it was the governor of and some of this is historical fact the governor of i think it was or
294. you ' ll appreciate the the the amount of erm skill mm mm bi this this b er required and the volume er that this required of to produce that mm mm erm it was the the theory behind all this of course was that er the the emperor always wanted to have be protected in his next life yes so as soon as he was about five or six years old yeah he he aand this
296. where they ' re actually sitting down and writing something cos it was a writing lesson wasn ' t it? and they ' re never writing for a whole oh god oh it ' s just all theory that stupid head noun question oh god see that confused the hell out of me well at least you did something good with them of the mm i i don ' t why haven ' t why hasn ' t
305. isn ' t it it is especially now the government ' s turned education ba mm basically they ' ve basically privatized it that ' s it yep yeah and er and of course there is that theory that you know like academies that that you know they ' re they ' re paid more aren ' t they mm if they er are an academy and i suppose that ' s an incentive for people to go
307. talks about i find it really fascinating and really interesting and i ' m like mm the fact that there ' s there ' s universe is being created all the time is sort of like the the new theory you ' ve got mm they ' re being created but my mind then goes where are they bebeing created and what are they being created into and? yeah cos there ' s nothing there exactly
308. so well it ' s all about just learning it the once it ' s not hard it ' s just putting the time in to learn it and there ' s a thing called the ten thousand hours theory where if you put ten thousand hours into learning anything yeah you ' re good at it but you just have to put that ten thousand hours in right okay keep doing it for ten thousand hours yeah yeah or
309. thousand hours into learning anything yeah you ' re good at it but you just have to put that ten thousand hours in right okay keep doing it for ten thousand hours yeah yeah or there ' s a theory like if you do something for twenty - seven days no matter what it is like erm if you go to the gym every day for twenty - seven days it ' s then in your memory in your
314. was like a hotel and these people would come and they would sign in in a rea in a real get up to the owner of the hotel if he ever got caught he had like a blackmail theory oh right yeah so they ' d have two get ups they ' d have the one where you sign your real name and the one where you ' d sign a fake name yeah yeah and basically what they
316. like he ' s having a seizure how long are the seizurseizures are they like seizures seizures how long are the seizures? seizu but it could be like are you alright? theory of relatively like time ' s at different speeds in that his different dimension i mean like like she ' s looking at him is he having a seizure for ten minutes? no the thing is that she she
320. to be? i ' ve been reading well so the guy at work was saying that there ' s a lot of talk them erm moon landing to all be a myth now and like a conspiracy theory just to do with the cold war and there ' s always been yeah cos no one ' s done it since have they? like actually walked on the moon no no but then er it ' s
325. could yeah you could but i mean if you really were trying to maximise the profit you ' d do a day return and just like yeah true and where would we go? well i my my theory that place we went? my theory is that you get away from calais yeah because calais is just designed to sell stuff yeah we only had to drive an hour away we were already yeah indeed that ' s
326. if you really were trying to maximise the profit you ' d do a day return and just like yeah true and where would we go? well i my my theory that place we went? my theory is that you get away from calais yeah because calais is just designed to sell stuff yeah we only had to drive an hour away we were already yeah indeed that ' s right ah ah that was good good
331. reckon if you go back far enough you ' re related to everybody well there ' s supposed to have only been two families in this in this whole world and mm well that ' s you know one theory but that ' s been changed recently that ' s been changed has it? yeah oh well they decided it was two families mm one from africa and one from europe mm and that was it but it does
332. can ' t have been two i mean otherwise you wouldn ' t get be more than that the diversity of looks would you? i mean your chinese and and er japanese yeah well the chinese the latest theory is is that the you know they all reckon that there was a migration out of africa dunno how long ago how many thousands of years ago tens of thousands they always reckoned there was one which sort
333. it good there was this really famous archaeologist right? yeah i think his name was skinner and er he ' s about my age but when he left school he or when he left university he had this theory about it ' s you know before the times of dna or anything like that nobody anything about that he had this theory about now what the hell was it? it was all to do with skulls and sort
334. my age but when he left school he or when he left university he had this theory about it ' s you know before the times of dna or anything like that nobody anything about that he had this theory about now what the hell was it? it was all to do with skulls and sorta like of early man neanderthal stuff like that and he went round every museum and scientific or er place in
335. very practical for business or something like that yeah mm but really it ' s just yes i mean you don ' t want it to look as though we ' re gonna hit them with a lot of theory mm no but at the same time as you say so i ' m just underline the word pro yeah yeah colleague at least yeah so what we ' re gonna do is look at his ideas and how
336. i understand that story so i don ' t understand then why i don ' t know it when i try and speak it ' s really weird i and i just really i think there ' s some theory that says you have to use a word seven plus or minus two times before your brain can produce it mm hm so you can you can recognise it but you have to actually produc produce it you
342. i finished the masters degree and then had to go back to work and went to and met her there ah okay okay cos i cos i got confused earlier thinking you ' ve known about the theory of everything since you were eighteen oh no no no no no no no erm but sh so erm so your friend what ' s her face from ghana erm miss thingy yeah is a christian
346. could also be wrong about many things well right and and these erm cos i said to her look you ' ve got a thing called empirical evidence erm which is you ' ve got one theory i ' ve got another let ' s test it by means of which we both agree on and therefore we will be able to get a result on something flipping heck that ' s science innit? yeah
347. because she ' s perfectly entitled she ' s yeah totally totally totally entitled to it and the world would not be complete without it the world would not be like i wouldn ' t go with the devil theory i was gonna say erm what annoys me about science is i watch a lot of erm bank of america oh where? left left here? yeah what i ' d do turn round here right
348. just saying how if you ' ve got this you ' re like a magnet right? and if you it just attracts some more so if you ' ve already got this momentum going on this is the theory of everything if you ' ve already got this momentum going on where you ' re looking for things to do helping people out trying to help here trying to do this trying to do this and your thing is
358. orbit jupiter they just h they just stay in the same place it ' s so weird like wha i wonder what possessed them to do that like with uh an atom um so it ' s the theory of uh uh it ' s it ' s ber it ' s ber uh boer ' s original theory was that? that electrons orbit the atom like planets? so were they trying to do it
359. what possessed them to do that like with uh an atom um so it ' s the theory of uh uh it ' s it ' s ber it ' s ber uh boer ' s original theory was that? that electrons orbit the atom like planets? so were they trying to do it so that they could like um prove his einstein ' s laws on worked on really small scale? is that the
364. yeah seriously you know i just did that i me i ' m sure the u the the the alkaline cos the alkaline would neutralise all the acid right? that was my theory is that acid then? yeah well what alkaline? in the cheese isn ' t cheese acidic? no thought it was oh god knows no it ' s got some sugars in it that '
377. the other one how do they know that? how do they know that? from the er but i dunno but they published it so i didn ' t know that maybe it ' s just a theory s but so we were flying back but cos they only released that i think just before christmas or over christmas how it went down or wwhy it went down and i asked i was like is
378. of using people in real life but also connecting over the internet is a way of just shaping your personal learning network and the reason why it ' s called a personal learning network is because there is some theory that backs it up yeah and that the reason why we use that as a framing question is because we need something that ' s different from all the other websites out there you know we need to be talking

Cluster 3
1. because he wants to be and i want to ask him well er i mean i could ask him because it ' s all new to me i don ' t know any of this do i in in theory yes yes yes we should do this cos then he ' ll be so into the drama of it dig for more info he ' s never gonna mm mm well especially if he ' s gonna drink and
4. to teach sarah to play chess cheating is wrong well it ' s easy when your y when your opponent doesn ' t know the rules so you can just make up new rules actually um we are in theory l going to learn to play bridge at some point soon hm um cos um so my not my boss at work but the guy who ' s project managing a lot of the work i ' m doing
5. three if you wanted to if you wanted to i mean the best er particularly because when you come back you you know you ' ll want to move out and you ' ll be i mean in in theory you won ' t have a fella or something because you ' ll have been on living on a boat but who knows? you might mm shack up with one of your crew mm er but it '
6. at green park and pick up the jubilee which takes you to heathrow so er it should take about forty minutes so you ' d probably get there at just after six flight ' s at seven in theory that should give you enough time cos we ' d have done online check in just gotta get through mm yeah um just get through security baggage so and sh in theory that ' d be enough time or
7. flight ' s at seven in theory that should give you enough time cos we ' d have done online check in just gotta get through mm yeah um just get through security baggage so and sh in theory that ' d be enough time or we can drive down and park up but we ' re looking at the parking like the cheapest parking is still like thirty quid overnight mm and it ' s literally
8. no leave it yeah? yeah i can put on a programme on your computer that will oh it ' ll work oh really? yeah that ' s why i ' m getting now oh erm in theory okay er yeah go here copy that onto my stick it ' s here have you got wi - fi here? yeah i think your computer should be connected anyway shouldn ' t it? mm managed to connect
15. or thirty quid for drinks say i mean depending depend what you do like if you ' re going to the museums it ' s free to get in unless you get to the special exhibitions so in theory that shouldn ' t cost too much money no hms belfast will probably charge you think that ' s about fifteen yeah reckon a hundred quid ' s probably like max yeah yeah probably a safe amount to choose
20. s just such such a defining vote that you wouldn ' t vote without thinking would you? i am frankly surprised though that a lot of the older generation do seem to be swaying towards no when in theory yes the youngers yeah which kind of shows that there isn ' t a lot of strength in in what ' s being said cos i feel like right well come in where ' s that? is
25. the ink is b of poor quality well luckily they don ' t erm control that alright i mean they literally do the design right erm and the products that we have and working on should in theory be extremely straightforward because they ' ve practise tests in cambridge esol so cambridge esol oh i see supply us with the exams mm we copy edit it erm we ' ll put our copyright
26. the restructure but they ' ve decided that they ' re not gonna publish more products than we already have they ' re just going to look at respeccing what we already have in theory which should be less work but boost sales and look at obviously digitising everything that we have mm but i don ' t know oh dear but we have a hell of a lot of work on at the
45. height er t yeah er like and if you ' re if you ' re really muscly that you ' ll weigh more won ' t you cos muscle weighs more than fat so yeah in theory they ' ve gotta actually take quite a lot of factors into consideration surely? mm so we ' ll see hence the massive dieting i ' m gonna lots of running slash walking today mm god my thighs
50. corporate affairs is supposed to be heading up the section but he that means he ' s in charge of like i dunno a hundred people and he he ' s off doing his own job so in theory they report to him but they don ' t and he if even if he tried and really need to call a meeting about it they ' d be like he ' s like well we ' ll just wait
53. t do no no moving and whatever no its gotta be somewhere up here and then i said about thinking about doing an equine course and there ' s an equine course in so in theory i could move to right yeah yeah i could move to get into for jobs in teachers in yeah yeah not a problem mm yeah i could do something like that and if is gonna go off round the world
57. i how much is that a month? eighty pound eighty quid a month well that ' s eighty quid in your pocket then no that ' s the thing it well yes it is in in theory but no it yes it is in theory but i could probably get in touch with sky and say look i ' m thinking about changing my package what can you do for me et cetera et cetera
58. eighty pound eighty quid a month well that ' s eighty quid in your pocket then no that ' s the thing it well yes it is in in theory but no it yes it is in theory but i could probably get in touch with sky and say look i ' m thinking about changing my package what can you do for me et cetera et cetera yeah and just drop that down i mean
65. that ' s like a technique mm of trying to help you figure out what ' s important mm and all that other kind of stuff mm mm well that all makes sense yeah um yeah i mean in theory they ' ll all probably make a lot of sense but in reality it ' s quite difficult um you know just to kind of try and boil it all down because mm there ' s loads and loads of
69. because the school isn ' t built for it yeah but the problem is we have there aren ' t that many children in at the moment of that school age no? but they so the school in theory could close because there ' s only a small number coming through yeah oh so the the effects of not having cos if you think about it the village hasn ' t got that many young people in it
73. like i think mm they have a half hour longer standard day which includes two fifteen minute breaks i think the idea being they they more kind of contractually sit and stare at a screen whereas we in theory don ' t do it quite so solidly yeah well we have um one customer services person pretty much hm um tanya the receptionist mm and er nice yeah i think i mean er she has to have fairly
81. he ' d love to do something else part time but nothing ' s come along so do you get dinner on the table every night and erm all the housework done and well sort of in theory is he a house husband then? yeah in theory and we need updating the kitchen actually so he ' s been doing a lot of work on that it ' s quite a difficult transition actually i find
82. but nothing ' s come along so do you get dinner on the table every night and erm all the housework done and well sort of in theory is he a house husband then? yeah in theory and we need updating the kitchen actually so he ' s been doing a lot of work on that it ' s quite a difficult transition actually i find it quite difficult with him being at home and me
87. that assignment we had to write a an a thousand word essay about a erm issue or a topic that we were interested in ah so there ' s gonna be a lot of that online sources in theory to go with that like i did do sports events and athletes encourage or promote antisocial behaviour and violence on and off the field? mm do they? football does yeah but that ' s racism yeah
88. i ' m being serious i could have figured that out no is it does it like it blows things out? it blows out matter instead yeah is it the other end of a black hole? in theory one of our erm module tutors mm he ' s called erm and he ' s an associate lecturer so he doesn ' t have any like official teaching qualifications just take it this way if you
94. ? mm mm and that that ' ll be you solving that problem yes that ' s right mm but you don ' t have the answer to it yet well once you put together a coherent plan in theory you can go to the bank and go er give us some money if you wanted to yeah? or we can say we ' re gonna get this money from somewhere which pot of are we going to come
100. art works just for that they ' d done em glass mosaic eh big massive massive eh glass mosaic dragonfly which walked over to and went i can do that it ' s easy which it is in theory but you ' ve got to have the patience and you ' ve got to have the time and you ' ve got you know and then you ' ve got to be meticulous about every part you
101. then you ' ve got to be meticulous about every part you do you ' ve got to find all the materials and the glass and the this and the that i mean it might be in theory yeah smash a mirror and put put all the pieces in but in theory yeah but time wise and dedication wise it ' s just not going to happen for me i don ' t know yeah i know m
102. do you ' ve got to find all the materials and the glass and the this and the that i mean it might be in theory yeah smash a mirror and put put all the pieces in but in theory yeah but time wise and dedication wise it ' s just not going to happen for me i don ' t know yeah i know mhm yeah yeah what and said that to the person who had made it
113. mother ' s side as in my yeah granny ' s side yeah and she said oh are you interested in learning how to do it? and i sort of said yes if i had the time in theory yeah in theory which is not necessarily in practice oh i i ' d never have the time hypothetically to do it in an ideal world all the information yeah yeah obviously in an ideal world yeah we '
114. side as in my yeah granny ' s side yeah and she said oh are you interested in learning how to do it? and i sort of said yes if i had the time in theory yeah in theory which is not necessarily in practice oh i i ' d never have the time hypothetically to do it in an ideal world all the information yeah yeah obviously in an ideal world yeah we ' d all like
116. racist disclaimer erm yeah ah racism in the form that you ' re saying cannot occur but there is discrimination there can there can be the dis obviously the majority is against but but in theory yes but but discrimination discrimination against anyone it doesn ' t happen and i think you can call that ra that you can call that racism yeah obvobviously it is possible i ' m sure there
118. oh yeah i ' m looking for an ice pack which i thought was don ' t we have them in the freezer? i mean that ' s where ice packs should be kept surely? in theory i know but i have one in a normal house which has somehow ended up in the back of this cupboard i don ' t understand why the fuck it ' s there but oh yeah we took everything out
119. you do now cos i have two uh amazing i mean i can ' t tell you its exact whereabouts at the moment right of course at least we know it ' s somewhere in the house in theory because your stuff is now here mm in theory do you know they originally started filming it in black and white didn ' t they mm originally started filming it in black and white it was the first ever coloured
120. amazing i mean i can ' t tell you its exact whereabouts at the moment right of course at least we know it ' s somewhere in the house in theory because your stuff is now here mm in theory do you know they originally started filming it in black and white didn ' t they mm originally started filming it in black and white it was the first ever coloured movie was it? yeah but it wasn '
121. ride it out i mean i know it ' s uncomfortable if you get an infection antibiotics kill the fucker done mm mm mm mm like if you get an infection they just antibiotic you up in theory yeah fff huh i think when i go to s when they go to scan it i ' m just gonna say look that ' s can we just so the scan is this week isn ' t it
131. mean he ' s kind of said that i can kind of like basically he ' s there until the end of december and then mm he ' s gonna go and live in lisbon oh right so in theory although around christmas obviously i won ' t go erm so in theory erm oh you can come here well aren ' t you gonna be here? i thought you were here for christmas yeah but you
132. he ' s there until the end of december and then mm he ' s gonna go and live in lisbon oh right so in theory although around christmas obviously i won ' t go erm so in theory erm oh you can come here well aren ' t you gonna be here? i thought you were here for christmas yeah but you know my brother ' s been sleeping on that so like oh i '
133. pick them up aren ' t they? mm i do have the strategy of having a charger in the car oh yes that ' s in er it ' s like a lot of these things in theory they ' re pretty good mm hm in practice too much messing about on them yeah you ' ve other things to do out with you want to you know and you need really good eye sight to see it
134. just shoot in cos it ' s n actually ' s not too bad to get to erm i can just go all the way on the dlr then jump on the circle line yeah in theory do you want to do your own milk? thank you then i ' ve got to go from street for my train so that again isn ' t too bad for me mm and i ' m going home
136. about a week it think probably about a week ' s worth of yeah but erm it ' s cos but that sounds very doable though all that well it should yeah yeah erm in theory and erm just no clutter and clutter ' s the off - putting thing just er cos this place just had the odd table yeah the odd bit of furniture mm and it was all white
141. yeah and i i i ' d be quite happy to have the baby born in britain mm cos fair dos then it ' s really obvious what happens is they get a british passport yes which in theory has its er which is a european passport yes of course which is already access to how many countries? yes er of course yes it ' s a win - win for that child mm mm and through connection
142. ' d be really good with cream the chocolate mulberries were veritably delicious i can see why you ate all of them mm yeah so i was looking at i was thinking well in theory the the cutting face bit doesn ' t really matter whether it ' s small or portable or a massive workshop one mm as long as it ' s got enough power to it ' s only that bit that
149. whichever trust it is you know mm or your gp so you ' ve got to remember which it is yourself to some extent it ' s not very clear i think it ' s a good idea in theory you have to get the timing right i think the doc the doctor ' s one oh the doctor ' s one always used to email as soon as you made the appointment yes which is not it confirms you
162. i mean i did when i was with the other sshe knew french so i i spoke french with her a bit and learnt a bit but mm like in th i can speak french sort of in theory but as soon as i ' m in france i get too ssort of shy and er all comes out wrong it ' s it ' s yes and also they ' re rude they ' re not if
165. and the idea would to be competitive would be able to turn it around at a very quick rate so if you ' ve got a reliable person who can actually chew through this stuff effectively erm in theory in a day if they did a half day ' s work erm you ' d be looking at erm one every four minutes so that ' s fifteen so four hours fifteen so you ' d be
184. ? because you can go into anything like what? like engli well anything that ' s not science and you can just get additional training for anything but like to be a philosopher like well philosophers in theory should be able to go into anything as well well yeah if you do a philosophy degree yeah but you said you could become a full time philosoph there ' s like no work for that at all
187. i don ' t know i mean she ' s decided because she loves water and she likes technical things and she ' s speaks four languages mm that she that it will be the perfect job but in theory mm if she was more engaged with what she was actually going to be doing i ' d think yeah fine mm go right ahead but the fact that she ' s just not mm being realistic she ' s
193. it mind you but of course because it ' s selling mm mm you ' ve got fourteen days to return it if you don ' t like it but i don ' t get it because like in theory oh i ' d like to buy that car a lot of the deals and stuff that you get are from you going in and like personal touch bartering a little bit uh huh if you just bought like
196. but then i suppose at least when i ' m on the ship none of them will be able to speak like that to me no like getting them fired they would be in really big trouble well in theory it ' s whether it depends how far you take it yeah i think from what from what my michael ' s saying which is why he didn ' t want me to go in as an officer is so
200. ? red buff is there there ' s two on each map there ' s that ' s our that ' s our blue and our red oh right that ' s their red and their blue well in theory when you join the game erm but the red buff i think it i think it gives you a bit of a healing ability i can ' t remember what and er the is this him then? yeah
206. request to see them but then again you be could be waiting a couple of weeks to see them yeah do you know what i mean? yeah so it ' s it ' s it ' s in theory that they ' ve got their own doctor and in practice only if they ' re lucky it doesn ' t really work mm but l i suppose if they see the doctor they can book them in mm say
211. ? well it ' s at ten and he won ' t exp be expecting me so oh okay i mean i haven ' t i haven ' t booked this with the care home yet so in theory i could just ring up and say i ' m gonna be there in half an hour so yeah not that big a deal oh okay so what do we have going on? we have nothing really going on
225. what? to recognise the wavelength of a particular song? yeah it would be like recognising a fingerprint not not at the moment you have a huge database of er of wa well in theory yeah but like a fingerprint database what? every? if you think of every song that ' s ever been produced you ' d have to set up a whole system of people putting these things in for
226. re forming this committee yeah and then we can kind of make up the rules oh yes so i remember you telling me about that i ' ve got a rain butt next to the shed okay so in theory i want to do some rainwater collection i bought this off ebay for like yeah yeah a fiver and then erm they sell them at the council in actually oh really big must no they '
229. sort of done this in and out thing you know yeah because well at their flat they they ' ve basically got a spare bedroom i mean they ' ve got they ' ve each got a study in theory it ' s a four - bedroomed flat mm but that ' s what they were looking for because they ' ll each like to have a study so i suppose they could put up a camp bed in
230. and sometimes they ' re long but have to press yeah yeah oh right yeah i see yeah you could but cos even like a sentence is that you get the end of a thing you could in theory write any program if it ' s not in whitespace or python all on one line that you s they ' re sepe that ' s like sent like full stops it ' s er to make it
231. wouldn ' t you you i ' d just you you declare it on your um oh er so i have to do like i have to fill in a an extra tax return for it then? in theory yeah hang on you don ' t need four ti tins of anchovies you ' re not seriously gonna put four tins of anchovies in? we normally have two for for two so
242. o ' clock is a polish mass and you get a five th o ' clock so you get five masses plus a polish mass mm on a normal weekend sunday so you get all of those people in theory going to the one good friday mm event so it is a long process and to add communion to it makes it well for a lot of people quite quite difficult mm me um a photograph i did but i
243. ' t i don ' t suppose she ' s replaced it so you you have to be very careful with things like that yeah that ' s why i would never do it myself mm er but in theory you can i mean it ' s not like a pressing you can replace cos i ' m sure because of this rather weird system of you know running this pulley across the top of the door and
245. all like religion well used and all that used to teach catholics but even in all those schools now religion is just you know you learn about lots of different religions and all about right yes and it in theory yeah but christianity in a general sense and the principles of christianity rather than i think we have like they still do communions and confirmations and all that i think we have like three teachers in our school
249. if pure ' s like focusing your beliefs it ' s all mindfulness and stuff isn ' t it? oh yeah it ' s all about mindfulness yeah and just being in the moment which in theory works quite well but it ' s just really hard yeah especially when you ' re someone who doesn ' t who is cynical about it yeah cos then you kind of don ' t expect it to work
250. ' s still nicotine in there so it ' s still bad for you it ' s only i ' m not sure but it ' s like yeah erm but all the components like the in theory they ' re not as bad for you but then there ' s not tar or no any of that rubbish clogging you up yeah yeah so it is it isn ' t good for you no but
256. you think? tea - bag please sorry i don ' t know well er the you ' re best off just going speaking to the guy next week aren ' t you yeah cos he should in theory give you impartial advice in theory but i always think to myself what what why are these people in recruitment? why aren ' t they actually doing the job they ' re qualified to do if they
257. i don ' t know well er the you ' re best off just going speaking to the guy next week aren ' t you yeah cos he should in theory give you impartial advice in theory but i always think to myself what what why are these people in recruitment? why aren ' t they actually doing the job they ' re qualified to do if they ' re any good at it? i
286. ll be you know more than happy to help out yeah give you something to occupy yourself mm and actually probably be very good for you because using physical energy makes you tired and sleep well mm well in theory i thought that that would be the case erm the day before yesterday yesterday? no it was on sunday oh yeah you know when we did did all that walking? yeah didn ' t do much but
290. it the apparently there are a lot of other kinds of apparatus as well so it ' s possible they ' ll find something that will work for her yeah i don ' t actually in ther in theory why it shouldn ' t work why it was a problem before but that would obviously be a big saving cost - wise wouldn ' t it yeah that ' d be brilliant now i ' ve uh had a
295. be like here is some filing here is some sorting that needs doing i think the only thing is we have er like an office pa erm who is very nice called erm and i suppose in theory we could ask her to do admin tasks erm but she ' s not kind of officially ours and the point was that we had enough so that we ' d be a self - contained unit which
300. it ' s still a bit cold at night does it know the temperature it does know the temperature but the good thing is it ' s chillies so they grow in like deserts and shit so in theory you don ' t you wouldn ' t need to ever water it which is obviously what i ' m doing eh yeah with that all that whole swimming pool set underneath that there yeah that little pool yeah that
301. actually have a game on the rowing machine it ' s called go fish no you ' d think it would be really fun but it ' s shit yeah basically what happens is the more the ho in theory what happens the harder you row your fish starts off at the bottom and there are little fish that are smaller than you that you get to eat to accrue points but there ' s big fish that
302. and then you get to eat the little fish but then there ' s a big fish coming out the bottom you ' ve got to speed up sp that ' s you ' re on the top in theory but even when you ' re going rowing like a fucking maniac you ' re not moving very quickly so you just get really annoyed co then you get eaten oh but i it ' s quite it takes
303. ll see eh so when if you find out today that you get it when will you be able to move in if they do? i don ' t actually know oh okay cos i mean in theory it will be pretty quick cos we ' ve already got the mortgage in principle sorted em so em it will need to be altered slightly cos it ' s not for the right amount at the moment
304. get money sorted em cos mum ' s helping us with the deposit so we need to get that transferred and mm hm and em but we ' ve got to get a survey done em but in theory it ' s pretty i think it should be pretty quick hmm i reckon probably a month? six weeks? it could be complete? oh my so eh that is so good yeah do you like packing your
306. they get them office outdated? technically no they ' ll be they won ' t be issuing any new company cars until the reallocations have been sorted oh okay oh i see yeah okay in theory i reckon it ' s probably a grade where that isn ' t true anymore but sales director yes probably got a car yeah which is which is fine and he ' s a director so i wouldn ' t
322. t think that would happen so i ' m not cos there no as i say there ' s a limit on the the squadrons i could do anyway i mean the other thought was i could in theory go to a squadron that ' s local to where i ' m working right but then different wing though is it? no no it ' s oh same wing is it? through cos you ' ve
324. sort of speak french i mean cos you went through the? i used to be a lot better yeah it ' s str it ' s strange cos sort of i can kind of in theory i can but in practice i just really like feel embarrassed to to speak to try even try really yeah i ' d rather like seem like a i don ' t know i well it ' s amazing yeah
340. have wi - fi? they don ' t have wi - fi unless you ' re near the main house aha so you can go to the main house and get wi - fi and then in theory the log cabin has an ethernet cable but i took my computer one time and plugged it in and didn ' t work so oh okay and then erm it ' s got a little wood burner
345. i lived in turin there ' s that turin shroud mm erm do you remember what it is? it ' s where a face imprinted on it yeah yeah so it ' s you in theory it ' s the thing that jesus was wrapped up in mm and when my mum and dad came to visit me and we were doing touristy things we went to see the turin shroud mm and i
354. llandudno oh lovely i think i might keep these recordings and write a sitcom one day new not far off it first of february forgot well i think she ' s only there three years in theory what was it with warmth and joy and hugs and kisses love and peace love and peace she ' ll love that relates to the dove on the front and then the pilot light had gone out on the oven
355. you could keep worse off than less we ' d have no money we ' d have no money but we could move home you could buy us out so we ' re not gonna lose our jobs in theory well you could buy us out though couldn ' t you? we ' re not or if you could get a pay rise before i lose my job that would be good oh yeah if i get a pay
356. hundred meg circuit which is our staple cos round about what we need to have for a five - year term let ' s say is ten grand a year right so that ' s fifty grand in theory yeah so yeah erm it ' s a lot of money okay so the month monthly revenue for me is four hundred pound three to four hundred pound a month on the circuit going on so today i had
357. him that circuit and we provide the circuit and for my customers i allow ten thousand pounds of it to be waivered and i have ninety circuits in my yeah that ' s nine million pounds wow in theory mm so i suppose it ' s a large like our however however you ' ve got a job and you ' re being paid i think the aim is and you ' re staff what ' s th most
365. most promising sort of thing depends like how much the demand is for like these w weird wrestling shirts well yeah i mean i suppose you make connections and you make demand connections and make supply connections and in theory yeah um you could use those connections to sort of well yeah i mean or it might lead on to different things you just don ' t know although yeah but he ' ll be fine like he always he
367. twelve months oh right so what was the age we bought the mmatalan one? three to six oh was it? so you should still be in it shouldn ' t you? yes mm in theory yes that ' s alright then isn ' t it? hopefully you ' ll be fine i think oh he ' s unconventional now oh dear what was that for? no i ' m just looking at his
368. washing washing oh no that means it ' s gonna it ' s gonna stop while i ' m asleep fuck well no cos it ' s half seven so it should be finished by half eight in theory okay oh huh lovely lovely yeah i reckon all this ' ll fit in lovely donkey yeah i reckon it will shove that might be the answer i think that ' s definitely the answer did come round for the
369. i can ' t do that in my head well hang on seven ten will get you to town at quarter past seven get into the hotel by twenty past get in the gym by half past so in theory you could be in the gym for seven thirty and then and then work out for an hour i get an hour eight thirty shower till nine so really you could get the seven forty do you think? yeah
370. pick up from the bus station wow and c and they ' ve got to collect the dogs from the kennels gosh i know i ' m a bit erm that ' s good in theory in theory it should be fine but it ' s the first time we ' ve actually that ' s really good done that so though cos they can just start being adults yeah i mean they both they
371. from the bus station wow and c and they ' ve got to collect the dogs from the kennels gosh i know i ' m a bit erm that ' s good in theory in theory it should be fine but it ' s the first time we ' ve actually that ' s really good done that so though cos they can just start being adults yeah i mean they both they both can
372. right can you just so supply an extra pair of eyes please? yeah sure er er no you don ' t no you bloody don ' t um yeah it looks like y i think you could in theory park here there isn ' t a no there is is there? okay mm i know where i ' m going incidentally oka oh okay i ' m not just driving looking for a space could park

