Cluster 1
3. we think there are only set answers that ' s quite scary actually i suppose we weren ' t prepared to think outside the box no were we but then i suppose if they come from backgrounds er where education does provide the answers then mm exactly then that ' s what they well yeah you have you have uzbekistan thailand greece even mm greece is quite it ' s not cutting edge i think i would imagine which is
4. s not cutting edge i think i would imagine which is bizarre because they ' ve got you know rhetoric and all that ancient mm greek philosophy yeah you ' d think it would be mm filtered down through education dunno but know yeah so have you heard any more from yet? no she sent a message a few weeks ago to say about meeting up cos i bumped into her on the bus stop yeah yeah
5. thing yourself you can ' t work twenty hours a week that used to be the case last year mm up until last year now you ' re only allowed to do that if you ' re in higher education higher education not in the language cour yeah see that ' s why i think a lot of places got less longer - term people yeah mm mm cos in that school in london mm we had koreans
6. you can ' t work twenty hours a week that used to be the case last year mm up until last year now you ' re only allowed to do that if you ' re in higher education higher education not in the language cour yeah see that ' s why i think a lot of places got less longer - term people yeah mm mm cos in that school in london mm we had koreans who came
7. normal uni and they were shit they kept changing the classes round so you ' d turn up and there was no one there or mm it was just crap god mm but that ' s their university education standard good um so i thought right while i ' m here i ' ll enroll in the foreigners ' uni cos they ' re the international qualifications for languages go like a1 a2 b1 b2 c1
9. it yeah he ' d be brazing a bit on them yeah yeah but anyway but mm what i ' m you know i mean this guy the mechanic bloke it ' s just like an education yeah if they showed that in film to you know trainee apprentice yeah mechanics yeah they could learn so much yeah i mean like for half our lesson yeah you know for a trainee mechanic that is absolutely brilliant yeah
12. i can erm go no it ' s alright but erm but no he was so he ' s so content so content yeah was saying i was giving him a little bit of my child psychology education oh were you? yeah when i went to cos i starte oh you know don ' t you? i ' ve started this yyeah child psychology course yeah and i had to give it
13. playground they were like no no no no no no and you were like yeah that ' s exactly what happened or like finding out where babies come from in the playground i mean it ' s such an education isn ' t it school i don ' t remember finding out where babies come from ow you remember him? bastard ruined my life i don ' t remember at all what? what happened? is it or
18. give you a quck summary yeah it seems like you need to i don ' t understand i ' m not following left school when at er eighteen years old yeah well sixteen two years in a further education yeah studying electronics oh went went on from there to do an apprenticeship as a le as an electrician yeah for about another two years from there went to british telecom right another apprenticeship wow which i spent about
21. a university cos they seem a lot cos they get paid loads they ' re a lot stricter over there though in the ireland is really strict though isn ' t it? but is their education standards better than yeah yeah it it is though it ' s not necessarily the university standards but school you ' re a - levels are i ' m sure they have more detail but we technically do more a
22. nice time but it ' s but it ' s a lovely i had a nice time as well yeah but erm he did so much more than just eating it he ' d happily it ' s education and everything isn ' t it? he ' d happily do go cos there ' s there ' s three or four michelin stared restaurants in he ' d happily do that again yeah when he '
23. they really take it seriously and there ' s lots of opportunities yeah and do a couple of years out there and just see whether it ' s for him and then cos it ' s almost like education or go and no go and just go and work? coach go and work work and as a tennis coach decide whether it ' s really what he wants to do mm and then if you know if it
25. isn ' t he? well yes no what what what age? dad dad won ' t let you live here when what age? well when you start earning well as soon as you leave full time education i i i would expect you to pay rent and contribute to the house i ' ll pay you in lifts instead no oh lifts from the pub excellent well well i ' m sure that i ' ll end
31. that it ' s the reason education was the key to everything i and i it is it is but he it is didn ' t act on it did he? no i think and a lack of education is why we we have left europe but i think it ' s it ' s not just the education system it ' s our attitude towards it as a as a country yeah like you know teachers aren '
33. between information and knowledge isn ' t it? yeah i mean knowledge and understanding and understanding er cos i remember when i was young and i was you know the only person ever to go into higher education in the entire family that was a kind of moment of family rejoicing though and people did respect the fact that you went into you know you ' d got er in though in the sense you know
34. ? you know in our school going to the town centre? mm? we ' re going to the town centre oh we could probably but what you did have was a strong sense of erm the education that you have the prospects you have had been bought for you not given to you by the government but bought for you by your forefathers cos they struggled to get er education i mean i the
35. erm the education that you have the prospects you have had been bought for you not given to you by the government but bought for you by your forefathers cos they struggled to get er education i mean i the primary school i went to is called the school and the school was not oh ststate funded it was funded by the chapels was it? they built the building in fact the you know
39. no but yeah okay iin the old days when people were paying you know where education was paid from tax and so forth the the the argument for entitlement was not from the person who wanted education it was from the parents of them who said we have paid for this therefore they are entitled yeah to a free education yeah but it ' s not a free education we have paid it no absolabs
40. forth the the the argument for entitlement was not from the person who wanted education it was from the parents of them who said we have paid for this therefore they are entitled yeah to a free education yeah but it ' s not a free education we have paid it no absolabsolutely but yeah i mean why yeah it it it is surely one of the signs of a of a developed
41. was not from the person who wanted education it was from the parents of them who said we have paid for this therefore they are entitled yeah to a free education yeah but it ' s not a free education we have paid it no absolabsolutely but yeah i mean why yeah it it it is surely one of the signs of a of a developed civilisation that there is free available er ed
43. i think and you ' ve got so many more obstacles to overcome but i think education should be used as a force to sort of reduce the ininequality yeah it depends on how good that education is it does it does yeah but it ' s like it ' s what it ' s not only you know it ' s it ' s what ' s taught as well i ' ve always been a
44. round and and visiting all these employers cos everybody thought oh they ' re all going to get jobs over here well i mean it didn ' t happen did it? cos the cultures and the education systems don ' t fit so erm ah you know we were there ' s there ' s a lot of them who want their first job abroad and by far and away you know if you want to
45. me to do something and that was about it i didn ' t mostly my e my era or my age group were you were either a teacher or a secretary females yes yes mm yes college of higher education was quite common but the the tthe principle of i mean there ' s a lot of theories that we work to i s there ' s probably three or four different basic theories of careers guidance which is
46. lad yy the chances are you ' d go down the pit because economically that ' s basically all there was pit mm erm so going theoretically anyway and very loosely speaking if you get a higher education you get lifted out of that mm erm and then sort of thethere ' s another theory about erm can ' t remember what it was called now but it ' s about industry experience so
47. in it yeah and erm one thing i would like to do is to go canoeing and and i ' m not so bothered for canoeing i ' d love it i went on an outdoor education thing in primary school and i really enjoyed it down to and erm oh right although the kayaking i ' m not so fond of that ' s where you ' re sort of hemmed in and
48. of school for holidays if they want to oo there ' s an interesting legal grey area yeah i mean i think if they just keep er cos they are legally obliged to provide for a full education or at least access to a full education i think you could be arguing that ' s breaching their duty of care the school can ' t legally stop them mm but social services probably could yeah i think
49. oo there ' s an interesting legal grey area yeah i mean i think if they just keep er cos they are legally obliged to provide for a full education or at least access to a full education i think you could be arguing that ' s breaching their duty of care the school can ' t legally stop them mm but social services probably could yeah i think it would be a case of if you
50. you could pay like sorry then after that you didn ' t have to pay but like all the politicians now who are in are ones who are like they they were all the ones who had free university education it ' s just so rich that they like ah so like they had free education but we can ' t have it now yeah well this is the sort of thing that people get you know get really um
51. like all the politicians now who are in are ones who are like they they were all the ones who had free university education it ' s just so rich that they like ah so like they had free education but we can ' t have it now yeah well this is the sort of thing that people get you know get really um my granda gets so angry at it i mean he he was angry in itself
55. ll have one later on as well yeah yeah we ' ll eat later do you speak any other languages? no gobgobbledygook is that a language? yeah erm double dutch education secondary school sixth form graduate postgrad? secondary school job or role? stup a hairdresser a hairdresser i don ' t know using it up and not telling anyone you ' ve used
56. thirty quid that ' s ridiculous mm so we didn ' t bother with that yeah er it is funny how different countries work yeah but they do all speak quite good english considering the state of their education in thailand though but i suppose it ' s cos it ' s like their whole industry tourist it ' s it ' s tw it ' s like something like ten ten percent or twenty percent of
63. a level results were all as mm yeah oh yeah and of cause they were just bringing down the levels yep yeah yeah they were stopping the great the the the high flyers as if well in terms of education bringing er those down to a level mm mm and that ' s what i find now with britain is that there is this level and it seems to have come from the top mm where whether it be er
69. could pay for me basically so i was very lucky with that you know so i came from a mm mm quite a normal background and then you know was able to i was able to get a better education as it were mm mm because of the circumstances you know um parents er kids i speak to that ' s right people um some parents i speak to sort of say right well i ' ve got to get
70. runners researchers juniors for some researching and obviously they ' re younger people and i wanna give them a give them a chance mm mm most and maybe it ' s coming back to this dumbing down of education and it was it was deemed a an eas an easy degree mm mm to get back in the two right okay back in the noughties micky mouse thing yeah kind of yogurt studies
72. s no reason why you shouldn ' t have a semi decent job no i mean i guess so therefore you ' ll have the money to think about yeah i guess if we stop putting the money on education or travel then maybe we could save that ' s right but we haven ' t really been earning very much although i ' ve been able to save a bit we ' ve only been on about fourteen thousand
73. this a level teacher was so bloody good she did catch up and erm well she was way behind just shows don ' t it? yeah mm erm and then er see it says post graduate education but i haven ' t started it yet but my teacher training is a form of post graduate yeah education shall i tick it? yeah yeah cos er if so i ' m not gonna get a degree
74. just shows don ' t it? yeah mm erm and then er see it says post graduate education but i haven ' t started it yet but my teacher training is a form of post graduate yeah education shall i tick it? yeah yeah cos er if so i ' m not gonna get a degree cos i don ' t wanna put to get i ' d get an nqt qual
75. past four months it ' s been uninhabitable we ' ve been repeatedly telling you it has not been fixed um i cannot continue i ' m in i ' m in full - time education i have a lot of work to do blah blah blah blah blah yeah we ' ve we ' ve said this is all of this compromising my ability to concentrate it ' s um making it extremely inc
76. i think what ' s she doing now? she deals with companies in recruitment eh she ' s a recruitment consultant yeah does well as well doesn ' t she? yeah not bad never going to money education not going to happen there ' s it ' s not everything that was and we took down the park and she ' s still with? they ' ve got their own place now don ' t they?
77. or in maybe? right if i put fifty - five years england and then maybe and i ' ll put erm fifty years eh do you speak any languages other than your mother tongue english? no education eh just eh college yeah oh secondary school and college cool job role or position now you said you were like a team team leader didn ' t you? person yeah centred coordinator will they want to know what
82. ah she ' s got no conscience at all well that wouldn ' t surprise me i don ' t think she no no now go onto twenty - three thousand people just like her wow there ' s education down the drain she want heads the twenty - three thousand heads apparently when he said i ' d i ' d like to clone her and have twenty - three thousand heads as good as she is that sort
86. they ' ll hear us if i if i remembered i was being recorded i ' d have used bigger words there is some sociolinguistic variables that they ' re looking into they do ask your education your age what you perceive your accent to be how long you ' ve lived in your location these kind of things so i guess they ' re going to look at what colloquialisms do you
88. ? upper intermediate intermediate just intermediate in french i can have a conversation in set pieces that i would know that would probably be lower intermediate yeah okay i would say i ' m lower intermediate in spanish yeah education you went to secondary school? yeah did you go to sixth form or college? no no i went to u er college at work but er not at with school i did that further education when i was
89. spanish yeah education you went to secondary school? yeah did you go to sixth form or college? no no i went to u er college at work but er not at with school i did that further education when i was yeah that ' s fine that counts as college yeah that ' s college in what ' s your job title erm i ' m now a customer services agent customer yeah services agent yeah i
90. it okay signed dated perfect and address thank you very much a done deal you went to secondary school as well so i ' m just going to tick that off oh sorry actually she she had a private education it was private oh so does that not count? in secondary school private you were privately educated weren ' t you? you were at yeah which is a private school well what difference does that make it '
91. now since we ' ve moved here? the last two years or in total oh it ' s mate just put whole life mm whole life do you speak any other languages? sadly and shamefully no education? too much too much too much education is too much education not needed underemployed yeah so underemployed why don ' t we talk about underemployment in society
92. the last two years or in total oh it ' s mate just put whole life mm whole life do you speak any other languages? sadly and shamefully no education? too much too much too much education is too much education not needed underemployed yeah so underemployed why don ' t we talk about underemployment in society? yeah? could be a good starting
93. or in total oh it ' s mate just put whole life mm whole life do you speak any other languages? sadly and shamefully no education? too much too much too much education is too much education not needed underemployed yeah so underemployed why don ' t we talk about underemployment in society? yeah? could be a good starting point well we '
103. i knew he ' d have been to eton just from his just from listening to him i mean the the that his accent his dialect oh right is the result of is la - di - da his education yeah oh did you know did you know he ' s going out with taylor swift? i know said she ' d seen him snogging him very disappointed with that and she ' s a bit she
106. i want them to come to that site and s and and basically put in er you know an email request for me to interview them about something that they think passionately about in terms of the higher education you know realm of studying and learning and erm and i ask them questions on it and then i ' m getting the message loud and clear that oh shit things aren ' t really that great and if
108. just have to get him to say hello mm because he would like the idea that you ' re sending business his way er thr through some educational means or maybe he wouldn ' t he hates the education does he? yeah he doesn ' t believe in the con well it ' s not that he hates the education he doesn ' t believe in the contex the concept of of business schools et ce
109. way er thr through some educational means or maybe he wouldn ' t he hates the education does he? yeah he doesn ' t believe in the con well it ' s not that he hates the education he doesn ' t believe in the contex the concept of of business schools et cetera but this is about students telling us mm what they want he likes that he likes having mm customers telling you
114. yeah of a of the same level that they should be but given that they ' re not i ' ll still send mine yeah because i wouldn ' t i would want my children to have the best education if i can afford it mm and i but i s really think that as a rule we should try and phase out this or all schools should be of this or that or the other but she didn '
115. certain things that everyone should have a fair start in and er an equal footing in those things should at least be health everybody everybody should be entitled to good healthcare and everybody should be entitled to a good education and what you do with that thereafter cos they ' re they ' re sort of whittled down as two of your basic requirements mm in life so you ' ve got communism obviously which never works
116. d say well everyone should have these basic tennets from which you like platforms from which you can then do what you want if everyone has the same healthcare erm mm and if everyone had a good education then you ' re starting from a fair point in society and then it ' s kind of up to you mm to work harder make make you can make the most of it yeah whereas if you just say
117. you might say well that ' s not a necessary part of being well in life it ' s not it ' s not the main it ' s not the be all and end all mm but an education is a little bit more important than that and so ' s being able to have the drugs or the operation or whatever is not that i mm would of course be erm in favour of that i mean
119. those words or didn ' t like those words or didn ' t understand what those words referred to and that it would actually conversely be the younger women who ha erm had done personal and social health education at school or biology o level or gcse more recently who would be able to say oh yes and pin the tail on the donkey th easily yeah given a diagram exactly but actually it seems to be
122. ? yeah he calls himself kiwi really though oh does he? cos i was born in presomaly because he was new zealand ah born and brought up there i grew up there yeah yeah education yeah accent yeah mother like er the thing is erm new zealand er so much of s s the sort of sociology and all er all that sort of stuff tends to er er go back to your father
126. was like really everyone else thought it was really random like not random but did you? yeah and he was like well the rest he said the rest of you like cared a little bit more about your education and stuff and i was like dad so basically didn ' t care erm but then he was like well the rest of you should start thinking about having kids now it ' s getting late and i was
130. at the pictures on the television you can ' t you can ' t deny that palestine is a very poor place and a place with erm where people are living in ruins and there ' s no education and hospitals and all of these things and that they ' re throwing you know grenades at israel it ' s not no and israel are throwing bombs back rockets it ' s not true at all in in times
131. past two years well because why do they give it at your school and not college? you ' re not working or anything are you? it ' s not yeah but it ' s not a compulsory education anymore i thought you had to go to college no oh you don ' t have to now? no you can get an apprenticeship well though yeah you have to have a job don ' t you yeah yeah
133. gave it to me and i looked at it and sai basically it ' s beige liquid you know yeah and it filled the cup and she said is it alright i should have you know done some an education on it some education on it and she said is that alright cos i really want to learn and i said yes it ' s fine mm oh well that was that was nice of you er that was
134. and i looked at it and sai basically it ' s beige liquid you know yeah and it filled the cup and she said is it alright i should have you know done some an education on it some education on it and she said is that alright cos i really want to learn and i said yes it ' s fine mm oh well that was that was nice of you er that was nice of you but
135. be doing numerous things she could do stuff at home with him it ' s just bone idleness isn ' t it though? this is another thing people leave their entire care of their child and the education of the child down to the education system to the school and then they blame the school when they don ' t do very well or something yeah it ' s not you know you ' re the parent you
137. i mean i got to know it because of but the idea of kind of erm group over individual if you like mm came a came across quite strongly in some things like in their ed in their education system they were very strongly conditioned not to put themselves set themselves apart mm through any way you know through achievement for instance which you know is one of the main differences i i found that the family thing was
140. you with this chap erm i would be happy to have here and erm you can have your you know opportunity to see whenever you want and she she ' d have a good ed free education hm? free education free erm cos rang didn ' t she? free education free medical erm mm and opportunities that she hasn ' t might not have in mm i don ' t know what
141. ##p erm i would be happy to have here and erm you can have your you know opportunity to see whenever you want and she she ' d have a good ed free education hm? free education free erm cos rang didn ' t she? free education free medical erm mm and opportunities that she hasn ' t might not have in mm i don ' t know what it ' s like
142. you can have your you know opportunity to see whenever you want and she she ' d have a good ed free education hm? free education free erm cos rang didn ' t she? free education free medical erm mm and opportunities that she hasn ' t might not have in mm i don ' t know what it ' s like there but you you know i ' m just going by what you
153. ##our for beginners type course so a lot of the erm the people who attend are the majority of them are mature people and quite a few have experienced a reasonably good or very er professional art education but it ' s open to erm anyone really and we have about twenty doing painting and drawing in the morning and about twenty doing the life drawing and the nearest you could say was related to would be
154. students no no quite odd that isn ' t it? it is that one person can decide exactly to deprive all these people yes in this envi area that there ' s no fine art education well you remember when i took her to task about it all? oh you yes i went i i went a bit berserk and i got involved that ' s right yeah and she said it was
162. quickly your child can this is one of the main problems i have with the education system really is that we ' re we g we have this idea that you need to be at the peak of your education by the age of about eighteen and you need to know what ' s going on and you need to mm have got through it at the right level and be at the right speed and everyone learns everything together
163. you do between this time and that time i don ' t know anyone who completes master ' s and university and feels well educated by the time they ' re eighteen because there ' s so much further education that you can still do people learn thing those things differently no yeah mm like doctors and lawyers and whatever else and teachers they ' re not fully experienced until like late twenties to be honest up until you '
164. s like a year six insult that is that ' s what such a fanny flap no we didn ' t say that in year six oh no you need to go to a school and see those good education for geordies then you ' re such a fucking perper i don ' t even know that what the fuck are you saying? this is because it is greek for erect circumcised
165. don ' t need glasses and everything you just look at it and it ' s 3d have you? if you have the on the floor? i think obviously not a plate of so okay as an education for first users this is take away pizza eat it just yeah erm what am i meant to do with this? eat whatever you want drink it erm could you with his erm twitchy leg
166. hang fire and wait for something you know a bit less sort of ex you know well not expensive but less it ' s true that ' s why this country just wants what you can choose for ed education yeah that ' s it really i mean you get this kind of polarisation of quality everywhere don ' t you? mm i always though it i had kids in an area that was run down a bit
167. the uk yeah yeah twelve year old mothers and all that mm yeah yeah but then you get all the all the christian right coming out and saying oh no this is disgusting you can ' t have sex education in school so you can ' t it ' s it ' s encouraging them you ' ll put an idea in their head it ' s so i ' m sure they weren ' t thinking about it already
169. was my argument before i got her like it ' s sh it ' s gotta be better than what i ' m leaving like mm i mean i just can ' t do this ttype of this education thing i just can ' t do it i mean if you think anything like me which i know you do mm the way i see university or the way i ' ve seen it before i came here and
170. they come and invite you yeah and it ' s well it cost x amount and i says well nothing is free well it isn ' t any more is it? i mean you used to get er education almost free from the university you went to university mm that was it was even got fed do you? yes we did yeah yeah yeah you know when when i think about when i did my degde
171. m i wouldn ' t have wanted just to go to to work and i wouldn ' t have done i don ' t think well i just find it i just find it but that i needed that education extra but i you know but yeah but my parents were always wanting you know wanting to do something for me if you know i went to private school really? i don ' t know whether you knew that
172. who i used i ' d to to go to school at this private school yeah wow huh huh and then it was like and then i went to a normal comprehensive school but my parents always felt that education was important yeah yeah wantwanting wanting they were right as well wanting the best yeah i never looked for i didn ' t even know to be honest with you yeah that there was further education when i
173. that education was important yeah yeah wantwanting wanting they were right as well wanting the best yeah i never looked for i didn ' t even know to be honest with you yeah that there was further education when i left school mm it was all apprenticeships though wasn ' t it? they were apprenticeships yeah and that what i did i didn ' t know i had engineering apprenticeships of that ' s
175. so nice and yet and there are other people who i think on paper yeah we ' ve got a lot in common we ' ve got a similar interest yeah we ' re probably a similar level of education yeah iq yeah erm ideology and yet they ' re just unbearable yeah probably because they ' re like me but i mean i just i wouldn ' t wanna be around them too much no and that '
177. to him if you ' d worked at university as i had mm you ' d realise that it ' s a total load of mm cobblers and i said yeah people who haven ' t had that education mm like my family mm they assume that oh yeah people who have gone to university yeah like wow i said believe me yeah poppycock i said yeah any way of defining intelligence yeah any way isn ' t
178. - huh so that they feel part of it cos you ' re never taught that at coll when i went to em cos i taught for a year before i went to un my postgraduate education mm hm when i left sheffield and got me i got my degree in chemical engineering and field technology and not maths but it was all physics maths chemistry and other things mm hm em then i left
181. school where people came and killed everyone yeah yeah yeah yeah they reported it in such a bad way they said oh those militants came in they killed people because they didn ' t want people to get an education which is not at all what they were doing like right they whenever they do it they never give any story any emotional any not even emotional any factual depth it always has to fit in the idea of islam
182. do you? i know but they might all be boring i don ' t know i might like working i think it ' s probable that i ' ll enjoy working more than i ' ve enjoyed my education it ' s the same for most people but i thought you you like academia to like yeah i do i well i like i like learning but i don ' t like the system i feel it ' s
183. if you ' re if you ' ve got pensions in and you ' re in scotland you ' re gonna be better off in scotland yeah because the deal that they did yeah that ' s right and education in scotland you know you can go to university in scotland for nothing if you live up there yeah and you have to pay for it here yeah er who ' s who ' s going to get married?
184. s who ' s going to get married? someone ' s come coming over er one of ' s friends are coming over here to have their baby up i edinburgh so they have rights to have free education in scotland mind you that ' s a long while ahead now but that ' s what they think they ' re do going to do because really i mean all that money these people have to pay yeah to
186. thinking that ' s what i was gonna say what? um i dunno like going out there and doing the research is the same as like critical thinking it ' s it ' s part of our education that just isn ' t um enforced mm people don ' t want to go out and learn how to criticize things to get a a different perspective no they in fact they ' re actively encouraged not to
195. really want to learn it and really need it rather than you know school kind who are just kind of doing it because don ' t know they need it to perhaps bet on to the next stage of education they might not every use it for real purposes well actually they ' re doing this starting this course now for basically an esl course for you know people who who ' s english is not you know english
196. might ' ve watched a little bit of it while i was trying to work my rem remote yeah oh no what ' s the one we actually watched? all about my mother? mm no bad education that was the one we watched yeah it was that one i liked that one mm mm she seems like she ' s in pain mm she ' s certainly not happy hm mm modern theatre bit weird although i
197. box all the things and then they training so that is the yeah that is tradesman he spelled great with three r ' s like great like like yeah he ' s put college and university as his education lies i don ' t know if it ' s lies he might have college educa in fact actually he has got um hmds i think oh some maybe that ' s that ' s half uni
198. you work? and he was like there ' s always work yeah there were no there were no jobs yeah when he came out none whatsoever so basically his parents have footed the bill sixty grand worth of education and he joined the navy anyway but at least he ' s gone in that ' s it he can fly planes hmm and sort of got one ahead of everybody else yeah a guy that i was he was
199. your own and that first few years is a real test yeah yeah mm mm but that that ' s i think that ' s what made the difference which is which is i mean beyond anything obviously the education but i think that ' s what mogoing to uni did for you mm yeah yeah yeah absolutely it made you think you could do anything and you did mm yeah it does and and meeting other people
200. get quite good benefits from being with us i think they ' ve got a very good deal actually from being part of the uk yeah from being part of the uk me too they ' ve got free education they ' ve got have they got free prescriptions? or something? or i don ' t know but they seem to have a lot more f they ' ve got a lot more than we do no
206. you know they do want you to turn up in blocks sometimes mm like the other thing we did where you have to go for two weeks and you have to be there and but that ' s your education that ' s your fees that ' s fine that ' s fine that ' s what you ' re paying fees for yes of course to get some sort of educational training thing but you get the context that
210. they that ' s kinda good though isn ' t it? because oh i like this guy you know he was on my side in that sense because that that goes against the grain of like the whole education system yeah yeah because things are just sales you know and yep market based aren ' t they? yeah they ' re not students they ' re customers mm mm erm so like so you know somebody actually
211. just sales you know and yep market based aren ' t they? yeah they ' re not students they ' re customers mm mm erm so like so you know somebody actually looking out for the the education of their prospective students like mm mm no tottotally with it but i know that if there ' d been somebody else in the room he yeah he never would have said never in a month of
219. school not not being very fun and formal curriculums having to be conveyed and so on and so forth so so by the time that you probably become a lecturer you you ' ve gone through your own education yourself and you ' ve picked up ununconsciously you ' ve internalised a certain manner in which mm information is conveyed mm mm mm mm mm mm i think that ' s very interesting what
220. the fir the first year is the like law conversion yeah the second year ' s is the graduate diploma in law which qualifies you to practice right crikey that ' s a lot of education isn ' t it? but he ' s getting a salary this year isn ' t he? no oh right they give him a living allowance but he doesn ' t start getting a salary until the third
223. being quite elitist right and you still got and in the uk now you ' ve got well and then the school i well the school i went to i maintain i didn ' t have a secondary education really? it was it was a church school that that my parents paid for i mean we didn ' t do we didn ' t do anything and they paid for it? yeah yeah i mean cos
228. teacher mm cos it ' s it ' s well i said why are you doing a levels? yeah he said we ' ve got to because we ' ve gotta have some science you have have education up to yeah that ' s right he said to be a teacher yeah we ' ve gotta have learn the science yeah the science behind it behind it mm yeah so not all just running round telling them what
229. that boys you know men mm yes students yes were four times as likely to come to their counselling interviews or their yeah you know mm having to see somebody i think we ' re talking about further education maybe but i don ' t know yes whatever if you sent them a text message to remind them yes than if you didn ' t which obviously helps because of the wastes an awful lot of appointments i
237. anywhere else well i mean jeremy clarkson i ' ll tell you what i do for a what ' s that say? five years in twenty - eight years years in er no i don ' t cool education you went to secondary school i ' ll just tick that one you went on to graduate they can assume the rest yeah i mean surely if you ' ve got to graduate then job role or position yeah what
239. norway erm to because he can actually do as part of his course oh yeah a year somewhere in norway mm that ' s fantastic and the er the medium the medium of edu the medium of education is english and it ' s all it ' s all part he ' s a nice boy isn ' t he? yes oh wow erm that would be fanta i know erm ' s boy
240. ? still he ' s paying his back but he still owes about yeah god knows how many thousand yeah it ' s ridiculous really ain ' t it? shame ain ' t it? i mean free education at one time in this country now you have me and didn ' t didn ' t pay anything but they were conned really weren ' t they? cos it was it was supposed to be no
241. all of that from my mother and this gift of a claire rayner factsheet which i should have kept but i didn ' t erm yeah i ' d already had all of that other education mm hm about periods and sex from two schools and from my cousin but gees no it was different for me i went for i went to a catholic primary school where they didn ' t talk about anything
243. it ' s gonna be awkward isn ' t it? yes it is very strange yeah for both sides yeah yeah especially in the uae where it ' s even more segregated at least in oman secondary school education was mix oh is it? so even though they didn ' t really talk to each like you must at least see they you were around them passively like have to like observe and see like okay they
245. and where ' s the school compared with erm where they ' re well the school won ' t be as good because this is er fairly upmarket establishment that ' s mm private she goes private education and er mm lots of people got kids in there and mm? lots of people have got their kids in there mm and er it ' s yeah it ' s erm it ' s not cheap no
246. but erm you know like when was at his private school that was about fifteen thousand set between twelve and fifteen thousand a year is that warranted? hm? spending that amount of money on his education? seeing that he ' s gone into a a manual well yeah but he he is dyslexic oh was he? ah yeah oh yeah and so ' s is he? oh yes and
251. erm in her first years of office she didn ' t like it but she said well you guys are the experts i ' ll sign it off because s her subjects at school when she was an education it weren ' t history it was it was geography and home economics no chemist no no she was a chemist was there chemistry? chemistry and law yeah mm i remember reading about her that you know as a
252. anyway so they didn ' t actually teach me that skill so it didn ' t really work you know and i just think that was quite a shame really considering how much money you were paying for that education thank you as well yeah yeah i mean actually the bit you you raised i remember being at and it being a smallish conversation thank you erm but i always used to wonder why parents don ' t
254. at the second six months yeah yeah yeah yeah there ' s all sor then again dad ' s dad ' s heard me bang on about this here ' s how i want to change the entire education system yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah but no i like the idea of a university thing is that it should be gives gives more scope for merit based erm achievement and growth at different stages about academia yeah yeah
255. but also you know to be a bit more technical have technical skills and have more vocational skills i mean if you ' re going to pay nine thousand pounds a term is it? mm for your university education maybe anthropology is not that key a year to no it ' s kind of they ' re supposed to it ' s a very narrow - minded idea no i know it ' s narrow - minded but i
256. i know it ' s narrow - minded but i think that people think more like that now than they used to because it ' s not just like you guys had a free i i do no mm education at university so it seems more justified and it was seen as an education and it was a ticket to a job liberal arts yeah whereas now it ' s not whereas now you have a degree and thank the
257. more like that now than they used to because it ' s not just like you guys had a free i i do no mm education at university so it seems more justified and it was seen as an education and it was a ticket to a job liberal arts yeah whereas now it ' s not whereas now you have a degree and thank the labour party for that oh really yeah no that ' s impressive and but
258. market is not quite the right word but it ' s it ' s it ' s quite quite different now cos people are mm paying such vast fees for mm for erm for their for their education yes well i think er we were all we were conscientious you couldn ' t yyyou know you were we were erm known well enough to know if you were skiving or not
259. were we were erm known well enough to know if you were skiving or not and people were followed up if they you know if they sort of disappeared but and and actually had a very good education because it was in such small groups and with things like tutorials so you know you know tutorial were only with only two or three other people so oone or two or other people so they certainly
260. details and then a personal profile which is basically the years of work experience i ' ve had my professional qualification and the career opportunities i ' d be looking for and then my work history and then my education and a skills section okay okay what about you s fiona? it ' s an interesting one isn ' t it? er to ask a careers adviser it is it is um well i ' ve not updated
262. skills but have a separate key skills section mm um whereas if you ' re a student maybe who ' s just looking for that first graduate position mm it ' s probably better to start off with your education and mm work history mm and then your skills section but i think you mm do need mm to include a skills section because that ' s one of the big gripes that we mm hear from employers mm
263. away i mean i ' m a british citizen but my name isn ' t your standard english name so i put my nationality on because other things will be indicators to employers you know your name um your education work experience especially if you ' re an international student mm so i do believe there will be elements of that that will already make an mm employer mm question whether you ' re a british student a home student
264. nine mm mm stand out in a pile of sixty mm mm and then you we all know that cvs have mm set information you ' ve got your personal details on there you ' ve got your education your work experience your skills section so it ' s looking at what are your unique selling points now mm it might be your social media if you ' re on linkedin if you have a blog might be
266. both kind of on a daily basis between lots of people and because yeah i ' m not using them all erm to read and write and because like all of them aren ' t included in my education i think both of them i wouldn ' t know either one to a very good standard it would have been a lot harder because mammy learnt slovakian and hungarian as kind of part of her daily life
267. this question woo - hoo that ' s my money goes to the bank yeah yeah it does fucker and means i get another two er i get another juicy ten please we don ' t no education there we go if and and i can just go straight to you yeah in your face that ' s what you get we don ' t need no forced control what? can i read out this next question
279. really and hopefully all the information that you need or the majority of the information will be at your fingertips then won ' t it? it will yes you had quite an extensive reading list for your higher education yes i did quite a lot of them were not very obtainable some of them were published in nineteen thirty something when i was going round all the second - hand books trying to get them and then i
280. still lots of individual languages but a lot of them are dying out because people view like spanish or english or like the the national language rather than their tribal language is viewed like with a prestige with higher education higher social class so that ' s kind of influences people to move towards that rather than erm like maintaining their own local which is a shame isn ' t it? and as well things like trade as
284. deadline oh change i don ' t kn i don ' t yeah i suppose so you know and also i suppose they ' re obliged by the curriculum to have a basic well it will just oh yeah education to a certain level in all these subjects i suppose i don ' t know but i do know what you mean but is very much in a year nine type of attitude at the moment mm cos i
285. orthodontics we had about about two lectures on orthodontics right in those days and then it was very much a post graduate thing ah right which i did get into because post graduate education was really good down in the area yeah had a chap called who really interesting chap and he he realised that to get dentists to go to post graduate meetings mm they had to be drinking holes
286. s not the taxman you you you can you you can clai you can claim it back on on expenses it was all legit right yeah cos they wanted to get people into post graduate education mm anyway he came back to and and he said well i ' ve done a bit of research he said and it ' s quite pricey a weekend anywhere in the uk but oh we get if we
289. ago mm they decided that mm they proposed to the parliament that mm one of the top universities mm should have a kurdish department mm however that ' s gonna be difficult because the students mm who well the education system ' s in farsi mm you can ' t yeah you ' re not allowed to er mm use kkurdish? like use your kkurdish you know? yeah so er that
290. not allowed to er mm use kkurdish? like use your kkurdish you know? yeah so er that is gonna be a problem they haven ' t decided to basically sort the education system from like prprimary school and then mm mm college moving up to university and the other thing is they haven ' t er not the government is not very keen on it yeah at the moment
291. ' t widespread and you know like yeah and they thought oh why do we have to go with that? and there wasn ' t and you know like local people who like yeah not a lot of education and like things like that so it did take a while for it to become like standard but the introduction of that was kind of like the beginning yeah of this is how you spell things and i mean if
292. book of poetry that was written by erm the like the in the like twelfth and thirteenth century by like er members of the clergy that basically in at that time the only way that you could get education was by yeah through the clergy yeah yeah was through the clergy and they w yeah it ' s the dark ages they had a monopoly on knowledge yeah yeah yeah yeah and they were called what were they?
295. make it right and trying to make it erm better than it was for you and make you yes more successful and that you erm get the benefit of what i ' ve learnt mm and my education so that you know the benefit trickles down the generations yes i think perhaps books are a bit more of a a tricky aspect i suppose one thing is erm everyone well most people would have the ability
296. em so so that that was part of the reasoning for this first art project that i was going to do em and entering into of course what i thought i was going to be doing which was creative education they asked us to get completely obsessed with something just one particular theme oh right just to explore what it was to to get obsessed and eh i ' d recently bought minecraft so i decided i ' d
297. s left as a sort of? i don ' t know but yeah i can just imagine her sort of cos i imagine he ' s tried very seriously to tell her no look you need an education you need an education to right but maybe make your life easier yeah but i don ' t think that cos a lot of the stuff you can like a lot of the stuff he says as a father
298. sort of? i don ' t know but yeah i can just imagine her sort of cos i imagine he ' s tried very seriously to tell her no look you need an education you need an education to right but maybe make your life easier yeah but i don ' t think that cos a lot of the stuff you can like a lot of the stuff he says as a father you sh well you
299. boy even worse boy boy boy do this boy breakfast but you see you jujust don ' t understand that that to be a houseboy was a respected occupation amongst people who didn ' t have any education and no jobs to go to anywhere yeah mm and to get a job as a houseboy was oh mm mm but not not to an african i was going to talk to this houseboy but i don
305. isn ' t it a culture mm it is a culture thing trouble is i mean you you said from going to school that you were never given the the even thought that you could go on to further education never or anything never given the chance left school early didn ' t even know there was a further education whereas it was pushed my school you went on to do s but was that because again back to that
306. going to school that you were never given the the even thought that you could go on to further education never or anything never given the chance left school early didn ' t even know there was a further education whereas it was pushed my school you went on to do s but was that because again back to that area well mm i don ' t know but we were expected as a secondary school to take up not
309. half day saturday at school yeah yeah every week that you ' ve been at school yeah plus hours for each day plus additional hours so five five hours a week every single day so the sum of your education is twice as long is is vastly yeah longer yeah longer than someone from a state school five times a hundred and fifty - two cos you see state school students i mean you know old a level students
310. ah to her elder brother the cats protection league her impoverished elder brother yeah her impecunious l her elder brother but no she ' s actually s erm in in leaving her money to the education of young aboriginal women oh that ' s cool yeah which i think was a lovely idea yeah brilliant she is leaving something to er cats you lot no to you lot to yes and so she should but er
312. weirdly ironically where grammar like actual english language grammar was wasn ' t a big thing like it didn ' t ma it didn ' t like it wasn ' t a huge aspect of er of our education whereas all the like pai fee paying schools like it was a huge part of the education like all mm all of my friends who were grammar schools is a name though pardon? just like a name grammar
313. it didn ' t ma it didn ' t like it wasn ' t a huge aspect of er of our education whereas all the like pai fee paying schools like it was a huge part of the education like all mm all of my friends who were grammar schools is a name though pardon? just like a name grammar school? yeah no no i know i know but i but ironically like it doesn ' t
315. re yeah and these these yeah are the ways in which you do it also and crazes i was at my yeah cos i never really considered education as like viewed as er different types of education you can have and i was helping her look for schools for her kid and she was like i don ' t know if i want him to have this type of education or this type of education or this
316. viewed as er different types of education you can have and i was helping her look for schools for her kid and she was like i don ' t know if i want him to have this type of education or this type of education or this type of education and he came home the other day and they have fancy dress day and he ' s like six and he had a list of like what they could dress
317. of education you can have and i was helping her look for schools for her kid and she was like i don ' t know if i want him to have this type of education or this type of education or this type of education and he came home the other day and they have fancy dress day and he ' s like six and he had a list of like what they could dress up as and it was
318. and i was helping her look for schools for her kid and she was like i don ' t know if i want him to have this type of education or this type of education or this type of education and he came home the other day and they have fancy dress day and he ' s like six and he had a list of like what they could dress up as and it was like doctor and they had
319. ##s when i think of the school i went to it was a really good because they actually taught that kind in confidence in the kids yeah to do like you know were like not gonna go further in education af gcse yeah they instilled with sort of like had big ambitions and were confident enough to go after them yeah yeah yeah they weren ' t just like told they were stupid the whole time
321. be a little pa page three of two was another highlight em you ' d feel bad wouldn ' t you? and there there was another one where em which was eh em i have the skill my education has given me the skills to solve any engineering problem with your two two from oxford brookes which is quite at claim to make you can solve any engineering problem they ' re not doing themselves any favours
329. er you know? just beginning to have her life yeah that she she exhausted most of her twenties thirties and forties on just child rearing you know but what? does she? she had an education though does she have a degree? no she didn ' t finish she didn ' t? no so she she was in uni she was at university enrolled and maybe the first or maybe the second year
330. all kind of fairly erm everybody was kind of fairly career focused mm but there were some who had come from kind of probably quite old - fashioned kinda upper class backgrounds mm where they were having an education mm but they weren ' t their families didn ' t actually believe they were gonna have a career mm so it was all sorta like you know you kinda go through the motions of going to university and
331. ##i he was he was he was probably in his late sixties kinda seventy mm yeah er so he would really belong to a generation which didn ' t believe n that women really needed to have a an education slash career mm mm and so she erm did her degree but then i came across her years later and she was a pa mm at so oh really? so she yeah this whole thing of like her
332. erm the room as well had a picked up bbc one yeah yeah i think that ' s why they get really good at it i think i i assumed they just you know had a really good education system for it which i think it ' s not bad but the girl the dutch girl on my course is doing it she didn ' t start learning at school until she was eleven and they have english television
337. because of the i don ' t know what what the politics were but they had to offer them basically asylum here there was no other option so they came over here and actually they have no history of education they have no history of working actually other than subsistence living and they ' ve been plucked out of there and plonked into central gosh how long ago was this? we ' re talking thirty years
339. was well ' s girlfriend was one of those she has you you can see it because she ' s none she hasn ' t known anything else other than really yes she went to university but sort of education in one form or another where you ' re told what to do she hasn ' t known any other way of doing anything so erm she she she will she ' ll be one of those she already
340. they ' re just not evolved do you not think? like the only reason they ' re they ' re genetically different to us because okay so they ' re not educated cos we were given an education mm but we weren ' t educated we were cavemen too mm and it ' s just because our environment is habitable that we ' ve been able to evolve and learn these things like i i ca
345. definition you would be a yeah philosopher if you were doing yeah a phd in philosophy i suppose you need to know the past to to d yeah to do the future but that ' s one part of education i didn ' t like i mean er every time we like we did get the chance to like write a poem or a short story or something but mine wmine would always be the one that ' d
346. you but i don ' t know if it ' s the end version i think it might be well i ' m very interested to read it mm it ' s long but so have you got an education now? getting there getting there you ' re still getting on with your tutors? yeah that ' s nice sounds to me like you hit lucky with one or two of them yeah they ' re good
347. ##bly privileged i i don ' t mind that as long as it ' s producing the right kind of people for the country you know as long as it ' s allowing clever people to get a proper education but if they go and they go and trash a mm a curry house yeah that doesn ' t seem to me to be quite the highest no level to aspire to in in this life uhu you
348. with you know with oh yes yeah mathematics or you know geology or mm something where you i mean i i ' m perfectly happy for my dentist or my doctor to have had a lot of years ' education but yeah an artist? it ' s ridiculous but erm at ddad ' s school they ' re c trying to get them to cut down on studio teaching and just have it all lecture based because
357. days or something? yeah yeah but i think it was better as a big group and and with someone who ' s chinese yeah who knows what to order mm actually no i ' ve had a good education there hmm cos my um having had a chinese ex - girlfriend helped as did having working for my gap year with a team who were two malaysians one chinese one singaporean mm and that was it
358. like a lack or almost caring about it really like i haven ' t really been thinking about mm this week as going back to you know being at uni and being part of a you know like education environment it ' s just not really occurring to me yet mm and i ' m just a bit worried about tuesdays what ' s on tuesday? erm there ' s an art seminar oh yeah yeah
359. can and can ' t do yeah it ' s very rare to meet someone who ' s a yeah policy maker or quite a high up person very very very very who ' s had any kind of education background well some and that ' s what we ' ve got to do and some politicians like that and they ' ve got to start it earlier as well is they ' ve got to start languages earlier they
362. staying in education yeah she didn ' t and nothing had to be paid back no that ' s what yeah ' s brother said she he got paid to go to university to train as a doctor his education was paid for in the er only they only started charging tuition in the nineties yet her parents weren ' t hard up no it wasn ' t as though she come from a poor background background well she
363. t hard up no it wasn ' t as though she come from a poor background background well she probably wouldn ' t have got u to university if she had no just cos of your level of education and the attitude of the family yeah but yeah it ' s a shame i guess too many people started to go to un they they just turned it more into a business i suppose like everything yeah wanted everyone
364. moving about cos we might move a few times i can put my kids on the bus that you your school bus every morning they ' re going to be delivered on a good school have a good education in a safe secure environment while i ' m sorting the rest of their life out which really isn ' t very good at the minute yeah and he said i ' ll see what i can do and and
367. to do english then or to do at university? yeah and i mean yeah i mean ' s mum kind of thinking she could be yeah yeah but it ' s kind of interesting cos cos education ' s just good for education ' s sake well yes yeah i thi be motivated and interested oh well it and enjoy it well that that ' s what her class teacher says it doesn ' t matter
369. say you do do you want gangster or? no no er er yeah the language of love language of love no no no no mate i ' m sure they ' re not gonna take that too seriously education you went to secondary school right? you went to college as well didn ' t you? i i do have a i do have a knack like communicating with animals yeah but i i ' ll put
371. than just oh yeah getting getting top as yeah and being accepted into something mm or being headhunted by a corporation it ' s providing yourself the best possible foundation on which you can jump out of education into the real world mm erm and there are many many examples of you know people who are gonna want to er get a good job work for a corporation work for a big place work for a small
372. you s you believe in the case study enough because it ' s real it ' s not made up and secondly you would do it because you could sell it and earn money from selling it to higher education institutions that can ' t keep up and can ' t keep adapting to the new themes that are coming through all the time and higher education institutions don ' t know how to make moving image case studies they
373. you could sell it and earn money from selling it to higher education institutions that can ' t keep up and can ' t keep adapting to the new themes that are coming through all the time and higher education institutions don ' t know how to make moving image case studies they wouldn ' t fucking know how to do one if it bloody well bit them on the arse so this is an innovative way of saying
374. how to use it and the learner knows how to get the most out of it mm and you sell this at a premium mm because it ' s real who are you selling it to? higher education institutions right okay because their online content won ' t move as fast as this the narrative in the storytelling of the case study will never match anything that they ' re capable of doing themselves and i can tell
375. model yeah alright well it means that it ' s some mo some money okay there ' s there ' s some somewhere between there and there and publishing there is a model for us to sell to higher education institutions mm there is a model because what you ' re providing is a high quality content which will engage with a student target group cos the the universities are going to have to get a lot cleverer
377. hepatitis in indonesia and and all his friends had hepatitis because of mosquitoes he said he said they thought it was because of mosquitoes not because of mosquitoes well that ' s because of lack of education no it ' s not it ' s because they fuck yeah yeah yeah you need to stop fucking each other and yeah i know mismisemiseduaction a bit difficult to do though isn ' t
378. like students oh you ' re spanish ha ha becuase my stu cos the students are you ' re german remember that time we beat them? it ' s so like ingrained in their education even like eighteen - year - old koreans absolutely hated them strauss german extraction mm for the japenese that hated them years ago the sausage bunting and erm my students would be like german sausages
380. guess er erm and also we have a third of our students are international so that probably helps that ' s pretty high ratio like one out of three is foreign used to be lure of a british education yeah yeah yeah it ' s still considered good i mean it ' s yeah and ' s pretty popular f yeah i know it probably is ' s pretty big for foreigners there ' s a lot of spanish
381. about schools and things is always the eequality opportunity mm debate and like that you can ' t cos you ' ve got a classroom of thirty children say how do you give an actual equal education to those children? do you give them equal time? time how much time are you giving them? mm or do you go these are the the less erm able children and i ' ll give more
382. ' s thirty - five years? no we lived in oh right oh yeah no i don ' t th mm we ' re all getting old that ' s the trouble now that ' s interesting look education secondary mm sixth form mm graduate i ' m not a graduate no? you are really mm? i reckon you are really you graduated from ununi do they call? i didn ' t go to un
384. massively again yeah yeah the percentage of people that have a phd and have children is very low compared to the people that don ' t yeah yeah i can believe that it seems that if you pursue education you don ' t tend to do it well you ' ve gone the edge er you ' ve gone the academic route as opposed to the family family route haven ' t you? but maybe it ' s
386. whwhere did you go? did you go to? well i had to go travel for that i had for the first three years i had to go to college right of er further education yeah erm because they didn ' t run the course in and then on my advanced craft i could do it in because they were running the course then right right things were very different in those days weren
387. thirty - nine mm hm then we came back to birmingham and the blitz had started consequently my schooling ended in mid - nineteen forty forty - one oh right that ' s the termination of my actual s education were you sixteen? from pardon? how old were you? twelve twelve? oh gosh and was that quite normal for everyone to? no no no no during the war i mean because it was during
388. had a business in wolverhampton mm hm i was of an age to help in the shop and on the markets in wolverhampton and various other places so my schooling that ' s when my schooling formal mm hm education ended and the only other edu education i had was at the age of sixteen when i went to commercial college okay to learn bookkeeping typing office routine et cetera mm hm and that lasted eighteen months
389. was of an age to help in the shop and on the markets in wolverhampton and various other places so my schooling that ' s when my schooling formal mm hm education ended and the only other edu education i had was at the age of sixteen when i went to commercial college okay to learn bookkeeping typing office routine et cetera mm hm and that lasted eighteen months oh that ' s college isn ' t
390. s it it ' s one hundred percent participation therefore they will they should sort themselves out they should be able to correct their correct themselves and want to grow themselves especially at the time you get to tertiary education mm if it ' s a hundred percent you ' ve got no other evaluation whatsoever you ' re gonna wanna play a part in that and you don ' t have to and you know that you can be
391. don ' t know what he does yeah see go for management get paid for no way i don ' t they need to change the policy on that i ' m not working for management what? free education? hey don ' t put that on me okay i ' ll do it okay i ' d do it i ' m good at bossing people around you ' ll do it fine i don ' t
393. now at a b level great news da da da they do that bit but they allow you to talk things through in the first instance em mm fantastic that ' s a great idea well i guess secondary education is different in nat by nature because you haven ' t just just got one the one teacher who knows about the whole child ' s development which is yeah fair enough across all the subjects i think yeah maybe
399. and stuff we ended up going er travelling quite far distances to go to squads and learn from some of the coaches and then when i was like fifteen i i quit school and i did di like distance education oh yeah? learning from home cos i did that in australia anyway oh right and erm i i did that from home so i trained eight hours a day got home and did my school work it
400. train at the times you want to after school and you ' re always tired after school yep mm so who schooled you was it um your parents or you had a myself oh right it was distance education from australia again because umm when i was living in australia i lived on a bus like a tour bus and ah my mum used to teach me but they they do they do it quite well from australia the
401. know they wanna stay up late they should be able to stay up late yeah no er yeah i i think it has gone like that to a degree yeah you know and it does it it affects their education it affects their development in so many things but in fact mainly it affects their reasoning well there ' s not authority no authority in the parenting yeah that ' s right when a child can go to school and
402. ##hic striving to yeah yeah all these other countries i mean like in when we lived in korea they were working working working working yeah yeah we ' ve got to improve ourselves to get a good education to thus improve our country but don ' t you don ' t you improve our children ' s future that ' s it and they ' re thinking of the whole country yeah as a as a whole the
413. and they came when he was about seven so when he was when when they realised he had autism they looked to leave pakistan because there ' s no kind of acceptance of it all provision no possibility of education mm erm and he ' s clearly a very bright person so he applied for a erm like a kind of er skilled workers visa to erm australia initially mm mm erm where they granted him
415. she says now we ' re doing it mm but she said it ' s erm cos both erm and went to school in didn ' t they actually yeah? yeah mm mm mm private education mm i know private univer well not private university but university i always thought er that and now she ' s in publishing apparently doing an internship fuck you if you ' d gone to state school gone to
416. in that position at that time would be very isolated and er they wouldn ' t have gone to school particularly i don ' t think they would have had governesses er come to the house for their education and they would have just have had their little court circle probably yes i don ' t think they ' re very integrated so no i don ' t think that was much different to any other monarchy of that
418. mother oh right wow that ' s amazing so it was really incredible it is i ' m just looking to see if the but is that a well - known college that ' s the reason why for education that you both went there? or is it because there was more location in terms of near to home or? i don ' t know why your mother went there but erm i went because i was
423. in a secondary school? i ' ve never taught in a secondary school no i i don ' t have secondary qualifications mm erm i have post - compulsory which allows me to work in a further education college oh i see yes yes or a language school which is mostly what i do i see yes erm so really yeah post sixteen i ' d say ah yes erm no i never had secondary but
427. kind of how well you did with it but as well as you ' re going along er there ' s all these deaths showing where you compared to the other civilizations like to do with like longevity or education or or lifespan and all this kind of stuff mm mm mm i have a question related to population in the civilization universe mm does population matter? yes like if you get like yes and you make it so
430. guess because yeah this is just it ' s stupid it ' s not if these are serious concerns that are affecting access access is nothing to do with university it is to do with schools schools and the education a child receives and and the g general attitude of the school is critical and some schools have a very bad approach and you know they should be going to schools and teaching headmasters and headmistresses and
431. rant that ' s fine but yeah the issue of course is that is that erm quite apart from the genetic issue people middle - class parents who have achieved as a result of their own ed education value education and they want their child to go to school schools are a beneficial exercise if your parents don ' t want you to go to school you ' re probably not going to go to cambridge are you
433. are a beneficial exercise if your parents don ' t want you to go to school you ' re probably not going to go to cambridge are you? well no if you if you don ' t value education you won ' t accept it and that ' s another problem with the whole system is that you can ' t force an education on someone you can give them the opportunity but if they don ' t achieve
434. cambridge are you? well no if you if you don ' t value education you won ' t accept it and that ' s another problem with the whole system is that you can ' t force an education on someone you can give them the opportunity but if they don ' t achieve not in terms of well a significant proportion of the time it will be down to them not accepting it and you can ' t
435. ' t you no no exactly and they don ' t i think it ' s it ' s you said okay both parents are from a council estate and it ' s pointless spending money on your own education because you ' re not going to achieve anything and that ' s obviously well no but that ' s not what ' s done no by anyone
437. with someone on a night out yeah and you ' ve had too much to drink and whatever yeah yeah that ' s that ' s more likely way more likely so there sort of needs to be some education for both young men and women about sort of consent or mm yes yeah there was a fantastic thing on facebook the tea thing yeah yeah yeah yeah on tea yeah yeah and if a woman you ' ve gone
438. be sort of not not necessarily read in schools but sort of recommended to young people young men mm yeah the issues should be addressed yeah yeah yeah yeah i don ' t remember having any form of school education over sex or rape or consent nothing no no yeah i don ' t know look at all the birds on the lamppost they ' ve all paired off this lamppost ah they ' re quite close next
439. days then through her marketing department? er the college have oh right right right a marketing department so like it would have taken erm crazy is it like an academy? no it ' s a further education college oh okay oh sorry yeah erm so it would have taken so that she was able to do open but if they were under eighteen i wouldn ' t have been able to but it was adult education
440. college oh okay oh sorry yeah erm so it would have taken so that she was able to do open but if they were under eighteen i wouldn ' t have been able to but it was adult education so erm she did it anyway without going through the proper channels at the school so it ' s fine like they knew i was there but er she was really nice and she was like yeah we '
441. canada or that ' s yeah that ' s a good idea ideally i ' d like to live in argentina but i don ' t think they ' re gonna take me too much not so easy tertiary education system is not quite as good out there at the moment korean is terrible i mean most people in england seem to know that korea has a really good education system or at least so i hear it ' s
443. and it ' s roughly equitable size as well but they have more than double the amount of universities that we have they ' ve got over three hundred and fifty unis in the country so the education system there mostly wrong i think just strange that most people at least i met in the west kinda think it has a really good education system i think it ' s terrible well there ' s i mean we
453. you go up to a counter and then you sort your things out and then you you ' re done so that service has come i guess what i ' m saying on the broader scheme is you know education transportation utilities these things shouldn ' t be profit organisations oh yeah i mean i have big problems with with if you took that profit and let ' s just use public transport as an example if you took that
456. i think aren ' t that bothered about politics are they? what they ' re bothered about is paying back their mortgage and erm you know feeling financially secure yeah and erm having affordable housing and education you know things that have an immediate impact on their life you know but the general political scene is not of interest to them no i think you ' re right so i just wonder whether such a person can
457. re really really stiff interviewers erm and interning there is i think it ' s like a year - long job or something and erm you know probably get people who er had done more education than you you might be too young you might be not educated enough but it ' s hard to believe given erm but you know it wouldn ' t be it it wouldn ' t be something where you
458. it through some ac some academic swap thing oh yeah yeah er where hang on where am i going? hang on darling erm yeah you ' re fucking well - positioned in terms of connections for further education with your your dad being prop you know a proper academic and your mother being just super plugged in i did actually have a chat with a classicist at with the main classics guy at princeton yeah it
459. then came back via sydney so i had a quick fix of er sydney on the way back and then we were did bangkok so i w yeah i really love travelling i just think it ' s great education oh and it ' s just seeing different countries and i just think it ' s wonderful and i can ' t get enough of it really i i like to travel w so what ' s on the agenda
461. ##s it could just be trying to generate a debate this is yeah what so and this is what someone says not i agree with that and so for work though i mean erm obviously like for an education that people raise issues and chat about things or mm mm maybe er we have like a group mm mm erm every wednesday at twelve o ' clock we go on twitter right and we ' ll erm
463. good she hasn ' t been round for ages no well i haven ' t seen her well she would she would have been round yesterday cos she phoned me yesterday asking about charlie ' s rent education position yeah so she i just said i i know where it is i will go in and have a look if it ' s not there then i ' ll tell you yeah and eh well it wasn '
464. more sort of happily twee i think you ' re making distinctions i never even knew existed but fair enough i you should probably make me watch some more of it you know give your sister some cultural education howl ' s moving castle was good though howl ' s moving castle was weird i i honestly thought that the book was sort of odd and hard to follow but it had nothing on that film that film was
465. i relative to what? y b we ' re going uni right? we ' re all going to uni and spending like sixty - fifty or sixty grand or whatever it is overall on our education we leave and get a really good job and get taxed to shit for it because we worked hard for it how fucking shit is that? yeah yeah hun yeah i mean i don ' t agree
470. ' s been caught yes how wh? because the hannibal you see in in hannibal is the man who ' s not been caught charismatic and you ' re seeing his charisma his culture and education his culture his education to be honest he comes over as being completely sane but clearly too sane yeah but clearly he ' s not much too sane yeah it it ' s it is quite good it is clever
471. yes how wh? because the hannibal you see in in hannibal is the man who ' s not been caught charismatic and you ' re seeing his charisma his culture and education his culture his education to be honest he comes over as being completely sane but clearly too sane yeah but clearly he ' s not much too sane yeah it it ' s it is quite good it is clever yeah i mean it
472. i i like it ' s because it ' s cos i ' ve been educated no it ' s a it ' s a it ' s a matter of ignoignorance and lack of education of being having an operation no it ' s not it is cos if it ' s the right thing and the good thing for you you shouldn ' t fear anything no because it ' s like inside
475. months have you lived there? i ' ve been here now twelve years wow we can talk about that too that sounds interesting do you speak any languages other than your mother tongue? and english? no education it ' s well we ' ve got here postgraduate yeah job role or position? erm would you say? well d ' y i i suppose i was obviously deputy head deputy head yeah yeah mm deputy
476. or academically minded? mm and some and sometimes they ' re not academically prepared you know? and it ' s er b it ' s because so many of the of the institutes of higher education shall we say for you know because they ' re not a lot of these colleges are not universities in the sense that we understood university mm mm universities in my day were for highly motivated academic people mm that
477. it is yeah yeah and and they they it ' s a means to an end now mm er that and i think that ' s there ' s been a whole sea change in how people view higher education mm a lot of people going into higher education now er are looking at it more in the light o that in our day would ' ve been further education with a view to getting a job yes and people
478. ' s a means to an end now mm er that and i think that ' s there ' s been a whole sea change in how people view higher education mm a lot of people going into higher education now er are looking at it more in the light o that in our day would ' ve been further education with a view to getting a job yes and people that went into higher education were not necessarily motivated
479. a whole sea change in how people view higher education mm a lot of people going into higher education now er are looking at it more in the light o that in our day would ' ve been further education with a view to getting a job yes and people that went into higher education were not necessarily motivated by the job at the end of the line yes they were motivated only by the learning yes that ' s
480. going into higher education now er are looking at it more in the light o that in our day would ' ve been further education with a view to getting a job yes and people that went into higher education were not necessarily motivated by the job at the end of the line yes they were motivated only by the learning yes that ' s right yeah the scholarly learning scholarly learning yeah exactly yeah that was enough that was
482. it was first yeah er you know? yeah erm conceived i i think in principle it ' s right in principle every child should have a should have an equal opportunity mm mm u to gain the education that they are capable of mm but they they we are not all you know? capable of the same they ' re true words true words that they are capable of yeah yes reaching that potential at least but
483. yeah yes reaching that potential at least but not pushing them into something that they ' re never or even suggesting yeah that they have the right the right yes automatically that ' s the problem to take an education that they are intellectually it ' s about rights these days yes yeah not either capable of or suited for yeah yeah and that ' s the problem we we don ' t all thrive on the same diet
484. and it ' s the state ' s responsibility to yeah provide those other options yeah which are viable options er and worthwhile options erm and financially satisfying options yeah yeah it should not er our higher education should not be the be all and end all no and that ' s where we went wrong with grammar schools and secondary schools not in what they were providing intellectually but by suggesting mm that one was better
487. department because it is a commercial world and they have mm mm to be self - supporting to a certain extent that yeah the the grants and everything are not what they were and and to provide a good education for the kids they have to have the money to do it yeah er you know? erm and i always applauded warwick for that i was very impressed with warwick university for that mm that was
489. re thinking well that ' ll be a deposit on a house yeah or something like that yeah yeah so they ' re very very lucky they ' ve got those yeah haven ' t got anything towards further education but you know we ' ll worry about that if and when that happens and then they ' ve got money in their building society accounts ththat they ' ve had since they were born yeah just like
490. going to do it this morning and i haven ' t i still think it is wrong that we should be paying for the boys to go to and from school oh i know because it ' s compulsory education i know education i know but who are you gonna write to? the council? the the the well initially i ' d phone the lady up the the in the transport department our contact yeah yeah yeah you
492. should have to pay that they have to because it is compulsory i can understand if they choose to stop on to stop on in the sixth form then that ' s different yeah but it ' s compulsory education and down the road she gets her money back she who does? down the road oh does she? claims gets the money back for her boys going to college how? well is that just because they '
493. dickinson was about how great she was and that he was surprised that didn ' t really get it oh really? but you know i trust his opinion you know? god you know such a fucking fine education it ' s good don ' t hide ' s working hard too but not obviously not doing the same shit let ' s throw that away er so that ' s what i i meant you if you read
494. get money in to er so we can do things with it and then we ' ve got them we ' re controlling them yeah mm and why and why are the government going back to this is your education you ' ve gotta have this? yeah because it controls certain factions of the population mm yep so vocational courses for people with hands - on experience that ' s the way they learn yeah can ' t have
495. t have that because that gives them that independence that they can earn where if they can ' t read and write that ' s true mm yeah you know so they if they can ' t get an education one way but then there ' s the other the o the other side of the story when you have a good education you know your rights and when you know your rights then you start questioning them yeah but
496. ' s true mm yeah you know so they if they can ' t get an education one way but then there ' s the other the o the other side of the story when you have a good education you know your rights and when you know your rights then you start questioning them yeah but you only want certain p governments you only want certain people to have the to know those rights though don ' t you
497. hunting pens for want of a better word mm they ' re called parks they ' re called reserves or whatever mm but they ' re they ' d be a pen fucking pens yeah yeah is there much education to the people who go mm i ' d like some ground erm rhino h erm horn you know is d ' you think there ' s any way of actually? mm gegetg proving to
499. keep mm that belief not that as you know that hope or whatever it ' s called i i dunno yeah alive like could fight them all out well yeah i mean this is it with me an education road oh it ' s gonna be a study studying students that will never change you know? mm and they kind of you know they have this mm we just have a lot you know? moving kind of
508. a letter yeah to a a d a erm a practitioner ' s journal yeah or something yeah or a i don ' t know what is there is there sort of a a circular of the higher education authority? yeah or something? yeah you know research notes yeah or something yeah can you get a yeah you know is is there that sort of practitioner policy maker erm route? there is there ' s
510. ' s also being unaware of these types of third spaces perhaps erm if you know can afford that yeah who knows what else is already happening that might happen in secondary it might be happening in further education it ' s not just you know exclusive to her education it ' s not just you know exclusive to her education well like i say erm she ' s really not feeling great today and i said oh
511. perhaps erm if you know can afford that yeah who knows what else is already happening that might happen in secondary it might be happening in further education it ' s not just you know exclusive to her education it ' s not just you know exclusive to her education well like i say erm she ' s really not feeling great today and i said oh d ' you wanna chat you know about education and stuff
512. knows what else is already happening that might happen in secondary it might be happening in further education it ' s not just you know exclusive to her education it ' s not just you know exclusive to her education well like i say erm she ' s really not feeling great today and i said oh d ' you wanna chat you know about education and stuff and cos she was you know worried about her phd
514. the age of eleven on the basis of one test they did i don ' t i don ' t think that ' s what grammar schools do though but they do seem to offer a better standard of education mm but they were very but i don ' t think the standard of e of education is unobtainable for comprehensive schools either no i think you can probably look at grammar schools and learn from what
515. don ' t think that ' s what grammar schools do though but they do seem to offer a better standard of education mm but they were very but i don ' t think the standard of e of education is unobtainable for comprehensive schools either no i think you can probably look at grammar schools and learn from what they are doing right but you have a much wider range of abilities in in a comprehensive
517. that ' s one i did the that ' s one of my set texts this year oh cool which i did the essay on go well i know i cannot i cannot keep up with ' s classics education and we know i know i knew what the word tragedy means goat song so they say yeah and then a somebody has ma has a joke cos he had quite some time troutroubadour which means
518. they sit in the literary traditions in of course what what did you say i? you said i ' m not doing that what were you i said i can ' t keep up with ' s classics education no no but i am kind of but i ' m actually just really know nothing about this probably cos i stopped learning latin greek when i was fourteen or fifteen fourteen mm anyway i thought cavafy
520. thumb you know school yeah head of house i i don ' t have that on my cv any more but when i was younger you know when you haven ' t got anything on your cv except your education? yeah so every was like head of house games captain i thought that would be quite obvious a giveaway maybe to someone who is au fait with things like that mm but someone like me will just
522. work i will erm er er brush up my german so i went to college uhu and er in and er it it it ' s a i think it ' s a a college of further education or whatever they call it anyway mm er it ' s very the language language department is very well run the head of the language department is a french lady mm and her sister she introduced me to her sister
539. t know whether there ' s money in it or not but er using imagination yeah in in relation to the skills that we ' ve got yeah yeah? so you ' ve got the business and the education side of things and i ' ve got a tech side and a project management side yeah erm and we both have an interest in working together in in that kind of area and and we don ' t
541. and i didn ' t know anything about them i just had this yeah thing in my head that they were all idiots blah blah and i met and like i s i went to college got a level education i came to university and became more educated and more ededucated i became the less racist i became they ' re like like unis are like more diverse than schools and er and college yeah so
542. like more diverse than schools and er and college yeah so much yeah but like you like if you don ' t go to school or you don ' t go to work or you don ' t get education like you will always think have that mindset uhu yeah you ' ll always be that ignorant and intolerable yeah yeah because you don ' t have opens your mind so much more yeah yeah i
543. got anyone else to talk about anything basically so that ' s what i do erm and er i did start in my early life because i went to eight different schools and erm wow my whole education was completely messed up erm i relied on my spoken voice and i ended up doing drama and beco erm i was an actress for a little while and erm went to drama school and did
547. supposed to end at eighteen but she had one of her her well - meaning friends informed her that erm i should actually have to pay until he was nineteen cos he was going in to further education yeah i didn ' t know this at the time so i said well i ' ll get back to you on that one so i rang back and said you appear to be correct i then did something that
548. your own after that it ' s not the same most of the world isn ' t the same yeah yeah but not if you ' re in further ed yeah but not if you ' re in further education he does it because if if he ' d ' ve been if if his bbirthday had fallen a bit differently i ' d ' ve had to ' ve paid it for another bloody year yeah
549. are go the ones that are gonna suffer eventually i i i think i think they ' ve got it cushty at the moment they way they ' ve got the deals with london i mean free education at university education you know they really are they gonna be able to keep that? i dunno erm but i was thinking i i would i was looking at the exchange rate with the pound cos
550. ones that are gonna suffer eventually i i i think i think they ' ve got it cushty at the moment they way they ' ve got the deals with london i mean free education at university education you know they really are they gonna be able to keep that? i dunno erm but i was thinking i i would i was looking at the exchange rate with the pound cos the pound '
552. ##rescriptions prescriptions yeah but er but if you ' re over sixty - five you get them for free anyway yeah mm and under s eighteen isn ' t it? yeah er or full time education yeah it is really good mm it ' s p i mean some types are really really dirt cheap but some are pretty expensive yeah like we were looking at the injections like the liquid that you inject
553. coma? yeah yeah i mean there ' s a huge military yeah presence right you know yeah of squa of squaddies erm squaddies you know and their children you know and the level of education of a squaddie is alarmingly low that ' s alarming isn ' t it? yeah yeah th so they can yeah shoot but yeah perhaps they they don ' t want an educated person mm to
562. t a u p e er something aquamarine is fairly no aquamarine is more yeah i guess that ' s got a greeny quality though i mean really if i ' d concentrated on my art education i ' d know all this but i didn ' t take one thing in at all i take more in now than i did in five years of art education cos i was young you you still got
563. if i ' d concentrated on my art education i ' d know all this but i didn ' t take one thing in at all i take more in now than i did in five years of art education cos i was young you you still got a really good degree through not really bothering as well didn ' t you? but i got a crap degree from not bothering didn ' t fucking turn up in
564. of his mates are multimillionaires yeah oh that ' s really sad though yeah i think so well cos he went like through like private schooling and yeah you know a very to do education yeah kind of and that ' s his peers yeah and you do kind of measure yourself against your peers a bit don ' t you? yeah you do yeah see i mean against my peers i feel like
566. it if you if you give people money they ' ll yeah flood the market and the economy because people spending that ' s gonna like getting the coils going again well if i look at my my education in a level was i don ' t know what keynes keynesian economics is but i know i know how to say it but that ' s it but i mean again but i know isn ' t keynes
567. too well? well it wasn ' t that wasn ' t the point the point was is erm i i always had this kind of goal which was i ' ve been through uni and er education all of this time and then i ' ve gone straight out of that into work there was no break it was leave uni straight to work kind of thing and then i did that for three years and
570. with to start with is that they ' ve got some stuff they do and they deliver whatever they ' ve got to deliver they work for jv hi - fi and they sell shit they do their education and they submit their assignments and they do their assessment and they get their piece of paper and they go down the community centre and and they shovel a few soup kitchens or something like that i don ' t
571. me down one day cos he came to visit for like an hour or two in london so we met him in london and he sat me down and he said i haven ' t contributed towards your education he ' s like put his kids through like private school and everything and he feels like i ' m a child i think yeah and so he i think he felt like he wanted to do something like that
572. feels like i ' m a child i think yeah and so he i think he felt like he wanted to do something like that to so he said that ' s lovely haven ' t contributed towards your education but what i want to do is offer you the travel expenses and subsidise your accommodation for six months if you find a if you find a or an internship with medecins sans frontieres
573. ##s it ' s like when you were in school and you needed a new pair of shoes and they ' d pay for it yeah yeah cos it ' s like you know to do with your education mm but i don ' t know wh i think it ' s once i ' m okay i ' d be okay with asking them for like a small amount of money if once this loan thing appeal

Cluster 2
0. industry? apart from or like yeah there ' s not much yeah so that ' s i mean it ' d have to be marketing yeah you ' d change industry that i ' d go into or education i guess you could go into education yeah i suppose so it ' s just the kind of thing that if you don ' t have a pgce or edu er mm experience of teaching then that '
1. there ' s not much yeah so that ' s i mean it ' d have to be marketing yeah you ' d change industry that i ' d go into or education i guess you could go into education yeah i suppose so it ' s just the kind of thing that if you don ' t have a pgce or edu er mm experience of teaching then that ' s a different would you like to
2. ' s not the spirit of an ma is it not really they should do a teacher training course like a diploma but why would it makes you realize doesn ' t it i mean we ' re in education but we think there are only set answers that ' s quite scary actually i suppose we weren ' t prepared to think outside the box no were we but then i suppose if they come from backgrounds er where
8. see tax credits mm won ' t allow it oh i see they say you can ' t do it you see it ' s a different branch but is that cos she ' s paid by the education department? that ' s right yeah? oh they pay her mm sort of paye mm yeah so that makes a difference because they won ' t pay her as a self - employed person no yeah you
10. - nine michael gove wrote an article saying they should bring back hanging in england who? michael gove who ' s that? he ' s like the justice secretary he is now? he was education secretary before he ' s the one in charge of making the british bill of rights yeah and then get rid of the human rights bill wow dude has yeah shit shit cos he said it would make people
11. d agree with that i ' m a stereotypical student but my point is like you don ' t live up to that purposefully it ' s just the fact that you ' ve been exposed to education and that ' s why you talk about it whereas uneducated people make these stereotypes students cos they ' re not educated yeah but but but these black people they ' ve been brought up all their
14. i hate this one so much what ' s this song called? oh it ' s just skrillex it ' s disgusting who it ' s called bangerang that song reminds me of bad education my brother loves that programme does anyone remember that song riverside that was like such a? riverside motherfucker yeah but not with the mmotherfucker bit oh okay it was before the remix i
15. at a certain university and based on that they ' re gonna charge more for fees really? which is just ridiculous cos they shouldn ' t be charging anything for fees anyway like it should be free education should be free so full stop you know i ' m assuming that won ' t mean that going to like a lower university they ' re not gonna lower it for lower universities gonna raise it for higher ones
16. universities now don ' t have the funds to do what they used to do mm i mean when you think back to when i was at college we paid nothing no tuition fees no board and lodging the education authority paid for all that but there was only a fraction of the number of pupils going to university or colleges as there are now yeah you know er you you can ' t have it both ways unfortunately yep
17. juices going mm yes but getting back to erm yeah there ' s this lady and she erm she and i realised that she used to be a a deputy head teacher mm mm and obviously education is a common theme for us right so it ' s dead easy for me i just pressed the record button and i asked her about her career cos she ' s retired right and she just spent a
19. in the youth service youth service mm mm mm as a as a manager mm mm mm mm you know and obviously i thought to myself you know to work yourself up as as a manager in like the education mm you know? you ' re like i ' m gonna have to do another six years mm mm and i ' ve all you know so they go i ' m i ' m i ' m going
20. yeah? yeah so i was working in partnership with the youth offending team mm mm er so my programme was in was in er sporting programmes mm mm football basketball mm mm underpinned with an education programme mm mm you know? mm mm so i worked i was mailing mm you know? sounds like you were putting on these different kind of you know events and trying to make them into something well
24. gonna have to talk to erm talk to myself? talk to yourself ye i ' ll be quick i ' ll shout to you oh dear me i could think about what we ' ve talked about education mainly shall i talk to you? nice towels in here i ' ve got what? nice towels oh thank you for towels let ' s see what ' s on in lots heritage culture food food festival there
26. more jobs and this is how for their future but is made isn ' t it? by people believing things that are not true yeah it ' s just also a history completely forgotten it ' s about education in the end this is how the nazis rose isn ' t it? well the rise of nationalism and er poor economic times yes yeah and people thought that oh maybe they the nazis had the the answer or
27. about it erm and i don ' t remember tony blair was back in the nineties wasn ' t he? so erm tony blair? i don ' t remember that and his er agreement education education education or something that it ' s the reason education was the key to everything i and i it is it is but he it is didn ' t act on it did he? no i think and
28. it erm and i don ' t remember tony blair was back in the nineties wasn ' t he? so erm tony blair? i don ' t remember that and his er agreement education education education or something that it ' s the reason education was the key to everything i and i it is it is but he it is didn ' t act on it did he? no i think and a
29. erm and i don ' t remember tony blair was back in the nineties wasn ' t he? so erm tony blair? i don ' t remember that and his er agreement education education education or something that it ' s the reason education was the key to everything i and i it is it is but he it is didn ' t act on it did he? no i think and a lack
30. blair was back in the nineties wasn ' t he? so erm tony blair? i don ' t remember that and his er agreement education education education or something that it ' s the reason education was the key to everything i and i it is it is but he it is didn ' t act on it did he? no i think and a lack of education is why we we have left europe
32. he it is didn ' t act on it did he? no i think and a lack of education is why we we have left europe but i think it ' s it ' s not just the education system it ' s our attitude towards it as a as a country yeah like you know teachers aren ' t respected oh you ' re clever not respected erm professionally people don ' t want to find out
36. were miners the only person who wasn ' t a miner was my father going back to what you were saying though about erm about people ' s sense of entitlement to to things like mm education it ' s so if people don ' t have to work for something that they mm take it for granted then they don ' t they don ' t appreciate the value of it necessarily do you think?
37. ' t they don ' t appreciate the value of it necessarily do you think? no but i think that there ' s that ' s a problem the there is there is an entitlement to education i think i think yeah there ' s an entitlement but peopeople take it for granted yeah no but yeah okay iin the old days when people were paying you know where education was paid
38. to education i think i think yeah there ' s an entitlement but peopeople take it for granted yeah no but yeah okay iin the old days when people were paying you know where education was paid from tax and so forth the the the argument for entitlement was not from the person who wanted education it was from the parents of them who said we have paid for this therefore they are
42. them to become a criminal it explains you know it explains it but but different factors work against you they do yeah but i think and you ' ve got so many more obstacles to overcome but i think education should be used as a force to sort of reduce the ininequality yeah it depends on how good that education is it does it does yeah but it ' s like it ' s what it '
52. do get a bit like anti - fees sometimes because i think the the the g the country needs basically the county ' s gotta spend the government ' s gotta spend money to to improve the to improve education in a big way yeah yeah yeah but a lot of that is uh is also secondary school education well yeah that ' s true which is which i think a lot of people are just going to school and
53. basically the county ' s gotta spend the government ' s gotta spend money to to improve the to improve education in a big way yeah yeah yeah but a lot of that is uh is also secondary school education well yeah that ' s true which is which i think a lot of people are just going to school and just wasting the opportunity yeah or the schools aren ' t good enough and and that ' s so
54. country you should get like should get more should get more like opportunities for studying in a better country than um yeah uh like the i i i just i would like to live in a country where where education was free basically and it was at uni well uh is it free anywhere then? but but there are a lot of um sorry? is it free anywhere? um in the world like? what about
57. ve moved us all into that but i think elt ' s grown erm at an unsustainable rate mm very quickly where we actually now er are no more than two hundred and then education they downsized and they had redundancies and they offshore all of their page makeup and all of their costs and they ' re turning a a really good budget now they ' re they ' re making
58. i ' ve been there that we won ' t get a bonus oh we won ' t meet budget this year which is really worrying mm it ' s mainly and mainly because we sell i mean the education team don ' t sell internationally in the same that we do our markets our international markets and because of what ' s happening to the global market at the moment that ' s affecting our sales mm so our
59. because that wouldn ' t normally happen no well i think a lot of the time it sort of happens from within mm i don ' t know certainly was hired who ' s another production controller but for education and he was hired as maternity cover but from erm internally mm he was working in finance was working in the content services department and then came across because he wanted a job in our department and thought risk
60. er one of the reasons why i i was in favour of the change back in ninety - seven er i soon came out of favour of that erm was that oh my god you know cos education education education and suddenly all the a level results were all as mm yeah oh yeah and of cause they were just bringing down the levels yep yeah yeah they were stopping the great the the the high flyers as
61. one of the reasons why i i was in favour of the change back in ninety - seven er i soon came out of favour of that erm was that oh my god you know cos education education education and suddenly all the a level results were all as mm yeah oh yeah and of cause they were just bringing down the levels yep yeah yeah they were stopping the great the the the high flyers as if
62. of the reasons why i i was in favour of the change back in ninety - seven er i soon came out of favour of that erm was that oh my god you know cos education education education and suddenly all the a level results were all as mm yeah oh yeah and of cause they were just bringing down the levels yep yeah yeah they were stopping the great the the the high flyers as if well
64. mm where whether it be erm the press or erm or what could be told in the press what er can be actually told to the public or whether it be culture mm mm television erm education it ' s all a bland middle ground at the moment yep definitely everything er reflects the weather here and it seems to have been a deliberate thing because when i grew up there was distinctly an upper class middle
65. whole archive of the daily mail and all the oh my god those kind of erm papers that obviously rupert murdock mm was gonna charge a pretty penny for they ' d actually bought in an education tsar who was er part of newsgroup international oh my word who was this? er was it cameron or michael gove go well g under cameron yeah under cameron of course yes oh that ' s interesting
66. newsgroup international oh my word who was this? er was it cameron or michael gove go well g under cameron yeah under cameron of course yes oh that ' s interesting since gove has been education secretary yes of course yes erm i wonder yeah i wonder it ' s dodgy as dodgy as hell though really isn ' t it i ' ve always i i ' ve there ' s one
67. this generation of kids who are growing up who haven ' t got the quite the quite the er erm they haven ' t been taught you ' ve got to work at something yeah yeah the the education system now is almost about you do the work the day before and you pass it that day you don ' t have to study yeah definitely definitely and really work and go over the same subject what what most
68. do that and do that mm yeah because she she didn ' t actually research the job yeah but that ' s the thing i think the kids kids are gr gr kids grow up in an atmosphere whereby education ' s not too important what is most yeah what most attracts their attention is commercial advertising campaigns that yeah kind of instil in them this this attitude that they have the right to mm these trainers that
71. of the last ten years that we ' ve yeah been talking about in this interview as it were mm mm erm that you know that that social media has well i think the dumbing down of education was part of this the process of it mm mm and then in the back in the nineties do you think it was the agenda? do you think it was er the effect? it ' s cause
78. a pot and then it gets shared out shared out with erm i don ' t know yeah school equipment ' s more important really than buying coats and that i always thought books and equipment yeah are education you know mm yeah we ' ve got all these ipads and everything yeah and she ' s taken so many ipads out to give to students so they can do work on them yeah it ' s
79. a chance but i think it was a lot more than that they had to make cuts basically big cuts er because it wasn ' t sustainable what labour was doing ploughing enormous amounts of money into education but there was no improvement in results mm so it was kind of throwing money at the wall and you know like for example when i taught in the secondary school they had all these laptops that they brought
80. on facilities like the buildings themselves bringing in the right number of teachers er so it wasn ' t sustainable what they were doing and they ' ve cut you know and they ' ve had to cut the education budget quite harshly so that was one way they saved money but some of the other cuts like erm you okay to keep going? yeah erm some of the other cuts like in the police force and
81. boys to be quite honest with you well i think there ' s a genuine attempt to bring standards up i mean there there are reasonable concerns i think about some of the things that are going on in education but it ' s it ' s the the fundamental principle seems to me you go in and find fault yeah and you tell them what you ' re not doing right? yeah you don ' t go along
83. more i think about it there are certain issues in the country which should not be party political at all they should be completely neutral with everybody contributing yes so the national health service obviously is one yes and education is another yeah because you know this is a fundamental and you you ' re crime and punishment cr and crime yes crime and punishment yes that ' s right because you always get erm you know you '
84. ##s he ' ll he ' ll fill in any gaps he will he ' s brilliant ain ' t he? mm but erm so it it i it ' s intriguing really as to why the education system eighteen seventy there was the education act yes and they had to do it then but er did they have to pay for it? pay sorry? didn ' t they have to pay? oh yes it
85. fill in any gaps he will he ' s brilliant ain ' t he? mm but erm so it it i it ' s intriguing really as to why the education system eighteen seventy there was the education act yes and they had to do it then but er did they have to pay for it? pay sorry? didn ' t they have to pay? oh yes it wasn ' t it was yes they
87. nine years nine years do you speak any other languages what do you think he ' ll say? spanish french french and spanish if yes give further details how how well does he think he speaks it? education secondary school college sixth form college how well do you think dad will er say he speaks french and spanish? what would you say are you beginner intermediate advanced er beginner i wouldn ' t say advanced
94. ' s called pe mm yes yeah yeah and everyone has to do that it ' s not really that ' s right and i just wondered which sport yyou did pe in because pe is only physical education well if i were to name them all i ' d be here for a while mm right cos i ' m in like but you did did all the normal ones that ' s all we ' ll
95. see the thing yeah they seem to respect people more the older the kids the kids er don ' t the kids don ' t want the majority of kids erm don ' t don ' t think education is important no you know i had a comment what was it today? what was on the kids '? was it today? or was it yesterday? just trying to think of the groups that i had
96. it ' s compulsory that you stay on so as it ' s compulsory to stay on why should we pay them? that ' s true yeah yeah well yeah yeah what was the slogan years ago? education education education they just don ' t they just don ' t appreciate it they just do not appreciate it i don ' t need this cos it ' s not gonna get me a job mm you need
97. ' s compulsory that you stay on so as it ' s compulsory to stay on why should we pay them? that ' s true yeah yeah well yeah yeah what was the slogan years ago? education education education they just don ' t they just don ' t appreciate it they just do not appreciate it i don ' t need this cos it ' s not gonna get me a job mm you need as
98. s compulsory that you stay on so as it ' s compulsory to stay on why should we pay them? that ' s true yeah yeah well yeah yeah what was the slogan years ago? education education education they just don ' t they just don ' t appreciate it they just do not appreciate it i don ' t need this cos it ' s not gonna get me a job mm you need as many
99. sitting on one point three million in the bank really? and they ' re happy to make people redundant what? well mm is that not? you ' re not supposed to be making a profit in education no mm but sitting on one poin they ' re sitting on one point three million well how come how do they make? well they get allocated so much money they ' re just not spending it and
100. mean you only gotta go round to see some of the houses that built or that yeah built fantastic places yeah because they had the money and they had to spend it it used to be the same in education you used to have to if you hadn ' t spent your budget by the end of the year yeah you get used to be taken off and then it used to be reallocated yeah that ' s
101. oh i see yeah yeah right so with i mean although we didn ' t really speak about school and i you could all because we were doing the job yeah you were always doing something to do with education yeah mm alright? yeah and even to a point yeah yeah yeah and then when i stopped seeing teachers well there ' s only one way out of this go and have a look for another teacher no i
102. everyone around the world speaks english so they don ' t feel no that they need to learn but it ' s just courteous isn ' t it we should you should like and it ' s the education system there ' s not enough teachers or that ' s the excuse they should that shouldn ' t prevail now there should be plenty of well polish and romanians to teach to learn well well certainly
104. pay school fees in real life why? well cos i don ' t have enough money for them erm right i ' m gonna have to split this a hundred for two fifties there you go education is very expensive for people that send their kids to private schools a ridiculous notion if you ask me yeah oh is that yours? you get to roll again oh mum mm? mum has to be very clever
105. was like what? what? no yeah cos i i typed in his name the other day and it just came up with another person it ' s like the creator of the and blah blah series education wow yeah if you like wikipedia him wiki yeah where are you? wiki it ' s normally the first one that comes up isn ' t it? just type yeah yeah type in okay yes yes
107. kind of certainly a social media message if not a media message you try and get something published in er connecting forums or pages or media yeah that leads to your site yeah so you say you go to education supplement dot com or whatever it is you write a little article you get them to publish it you put stuff into their forums mm and you say this is who i am come and have a look at my
110. so the reason why i want that to happen is because i want students to engage with the personalities that i ' ve presented to them well sage could be richard hammond yeah cos he loves science and education sage could be anyone it ' s just a voice but sage actually has to be quite clever mm he can ' t be somebody who ' s a bit of a nonce cos he ' s got
111. me i want it to be somebody else yeah that ' s fine well many people on location rebel for instance get paid to do that stuff excellent right? so but you want somebody who ' s in education basis i could get to do it for a little while? yeah great she ' s smart yeah and and sh she ' d be interested probably she was always a good student yeah she can write could do
112. gonna speak to my group director you know i used to do for? yeah yeah yeah and erm see if a job ever comes up cos it ' s a different business stream it ' s education as opposed to english language teaching it ' s slightly different erm but my job would be the same erm i might talk to because she works in education she does my job at the senior level yeah
113. s a different business stream it ' s education as opposed to english language teaching it ' s slightly different erm but my job would be the same erm i might talk to because she works in education she does my job at the senior level yeah and you don ' t know also like even if they don ' t have a job maybe they know someone that looks for temporary people to do marking of er
118. there ' s not that much of a difference do you see what i mean? yeah i was wondering back to the health thing when everybody everybody should have the same just go with the health not the education for now mm in order for everybody to have the same healthcare what has got to happen has the government got to make the nhs better so that nobody needs private healthcare because for example mm somebody needs an urgent
120. doing it under duress and they ' re not really enjoying it they ' re doing it cos boys want them to do it yeah and you just think after all these years of effort about sex education and liberation of women and you ' ve still got a situation in which young women are missing out in this really really major way on something that ' s really important in life and perhaps those two things are
121. a healthy joyous sex life and not knowing about what your bits are called and what they do perha you know perhaps it ' s all of a piece so and that actually sex the whole sex education thing has just gone to pot i don ' t know but i mean i suppose aligned with that is all the other pressure on women to look perfect and mm looking up the sort of airbrushed models
123. ' s doing? no you don ' t know is it is it a two year like a s equivalent to a levels? i ' m guessing so if it was a mm i think so organised education and sport thing that he was doing i think so yeah yeah mm ha do you think? do you think? yes how often ' s he up there? every day? i think so is that yeah
124. of the job i ' m involved with a lot of people across the whole group and they ' re all really nice people so what what exactly do you do? so i am responsible for all the education liaison that the company does so at the moment there is an enormous erm shortage of engineers in the uk so my role is to work with schools universities put events on and increasingly work with er at government
125. company that works very much in silos you know they ' ve got these fifteen sixteen divisions that all work in silos and don ' t very often cross fertilise so er all the education stuff that they were doing nobody knew what was happening either so it was a bit ridiculous so you ' d be in contact with and have a conversation and somebody ' d say oh yes somebody from your company
127. where the steps up yes i do yes there ' s er yeah next to the roundabout? yeah er we ' ve er got all of that um oh with the er buildings and infrastructure and health and education units aha um isn ' t in there? not is it not? it ' s oh right which is the education division of i ' m sure has something to do with so yeah i ' m
128. got all of that um oh with the er buildings and infrastructure and health and education units aha um isn ' t in there? not is it not? it ' s oh right which is the education division of i ' m sure has something to do with so yeah i ' m not sure how started up but it ' s been er it it ' s now part of right um so it ' s
129. not only because of that but he is quite an unusual sixteen - year - old i ' ve met other children who grew up within that system and it ' s quite an alternative approach to development and education ' s son went to a steiner school really? so he ' s also a bit different isn ' t he? mm yeah yeah ee no e not er very bright normal yeah not erm no i
132. of it yeah and and sometimes you ' ll get some of us are of the older generation some of us are younger and a lot of us are actually a mix and so if you look at like education and the way that things have been taught through society now don ' t expect to be doing the same job for the whole of your life fuck no look right okay look when we so let me just finish
136. stuff at home with him it ' s just bone idleness isn ' t it though? this is another thing people leave their entire care of their child and the education of the child down to the education system to the school and then they blame the school when they don ' t do very well or something yeah it ' s not you know you ' re the parent you ' re s you ' re you
138. mm so mm i don ' t know they are changing gcses nearly every oh every year aren ' t they really? well it ' s awful isn ' t it? every yeah er new education minister that comes up starts afresh don ' t they? something or other it ' s never still mm for long and i was in at the beginning with a mm i think i think they called him
139. ve come up during the summer holidays yeah so now all of these people who work in the school won ' t be able to get jobs really until next year no if they want to go back into education yeah so does your mum do anything else? yeah she could work for like or you know one of the exam boards and stuff like that oh okay but i don ' t know she literally found out on
143. lifestyle that we ' re interested in? that ' s what i but i don ' t know what you like you know what i ' m like you know i love passio i am passionate about education i i know you er you ' re making a point but you ' re actually cutting me off but i don ' t know what you ' re you ' re you ' re cutting me off so you
144. want to grow it but i can see why you would be a digital producer in this day and age right okay yeah so what what mentioned was in in context of my interest in that your interest in education he simply said the idea might be that you could make go and make documentaries as an example of whatever erm and they ' re products that you would then sell as content to educational bodies to support any
145. ' m trying to connect together are the two things that we are interested in right? like that but what are the two things we ' re interested in? i don ' t are you interested in education? yes i am what sort of part of it? well one thing i ' m starting to realise is that i do quite like teaching things to people okay you know? and i think people have told
146. yeah? so and i ' m and i quite like sitting down and taking peop this is how it works and da da da da da yeah so if if you consider the idea of erm education being er the product you are producing an education - based product that helps people learn something and that you need to deliver that product and that you ' re gonna deliver it in a digital medium and that let
147. quite like sitting down and taking peop this is how it works and da da da da da yeah so if if you consider the idea of erm education being er the product you are producing an education - based product that helps people learn something and that you need to deliver that product and that you ' re gonna deliver it in a digital medium and that let ' s say you have an understanding of what
148. erm of great benefit to everybody who wants to be involved in that system it ' s an evolution but but er so er do you see that evolving in the context of our the existing way that education needs to be no delivered? not delivered what i mean is the the the fundamental value that education is provided to everybody oh fuck yeah yeah yeah so so so education for everyone it becomes an alternative mechanism to
149. evolution but but er so er do you see that evolving in the context of our the existing way that education needs to be no delivered? not delivered what i mean is the the the fundamental value that education is provided to everybody oh fuck yeah yeah yeah so so so education for everyone it becomes an alternative mechanism to deliver that yeah education yeah but do you think that the context of the way that education is delivered
150. context of our the existing way that education needs to be no delivered? not delivered what i mean is the the the fundamental value that education is provided to everybody oh fuck yeah yeah yeah so so so education for everyone it becomes an alternative mechanism to deliver that yeah education yeah but do you think that the context of the way that education is delivered and the way that governments control that stuff the budgets and the money
151. delivered? not delivered what i mean is the the the fundamental value that education is provided to everybody oh fuck yeah yeah yeah so so so education for everyone it becomes an alternative mechanism to deliver that yeah education yeah but do you think that the context of the way that education is delivered and the way that governments control that stuff the budgets and the money that this type of learning would become day - to - day
152. that education is provided to everybody oh fuck yeah yeah yeah so so so education for everyone it becomes an alternative mechanism to deliver that yeah education yeah but do you think that the context of the way that education is delivered and the way that governments control that stuff the budgets and the money that this type of learning would become day - to - day normality? yeah but it ww er it will be about
155. be absolutely terrified and quaking just as a pre like yeah i know myself when i was eighteen or nineteen yeah if i ' d had tutorials like that yeah where lecturers for the purpose of education like i know they don ' t just you know bitch at people yeah but if they absolutely slated something i really thought was important and relevant i would have cried i like i wouldn ' t have had a
156. ##something just seriously i mean get to the age of four oh i ' ve got my child now i have to give it to the public school system which i don ' t think is a good education system at all and then they decide what my child learns and they decide and there ' s systems outside of that but you can ' t afford to privately teach your children so why are you going into the
157. at all and then they decide what my child learns and they decide and there ' s systems outside of that but you can ' t afford to privately teach your children so why are you going into the education system then if you feel strongly about it? i feel strongly about every system why are you? so i mean i couldn ' t not oh i would change the education system through and through if i could
158. why are you going into the education system then if you feel strongly about it? i feel strongly about every system why are you? so i mean i couldn ' t not oh i would change the education system through and through if i could but i actually avoid a considerable amount of the rigmarole and bureaucratic bullcrap yeah course you can can i close this window? it ' s alright i
159. are doing both pretty well you do pretty well as well in your job yeah but don ' t you find it like? i can nev i c i ' m never gonna earn good money in education it ' s not gonna happen so i c yeah but fifteen fifteen i ' ve just gotta go somewhere where i can s s i have a good margin for saving yeah cos i ' m o i
160. your mother tongue? see i really should ' ve learn italian by now shouldn ' t i? yeah yeah you you should ' ve done mm so yes or no? do you speak another language? education i went to secondary school and i went to college sixth form cool tick em and that is it tick em both secondary school but what is like as in? so high school it ' s the same yeah
161. re writing sentences at three and a half years old and you just yeah and it ' s almost like a race to how quickly your child can this is one of the main problems i have with the education system really is that we ' re we g we have this idea that you need to be at the peak of your education by the age of about eighteen and you need to know what ' s going on
168. mary berry and did you know you know erm sue? yeah is it sue? the dark haired one yeah she ' s going out with the woman who on channel four who did like the sex education shows she wasn ' t originally a lesbian but now she is what cos sue came along and whipped her off her feet? yeah sue came along and was like lover let me convert you the i need
174. already couple of midterms and they get half day wednesday week at easter usually half day weekends? we only get one midterm blimey i want to come and work in the irish education system yeah god they won ' t take the subjects seriously to bring in certain subjects they say they don ' t get very good pay teachers they get really good pay here really good it ' s not like
176. we don ' t know whether your mum did? mum possibly not because she wouldn ' t have known she was going yet cos she was a year after but what had happened is the lecturer in education it ' s weird isn ' t it? said erm do you have erm oh there ' s some mail er are you expecting some mail? and she said to me the story goes i thought
179. cutting metal i worked in the post office i worked in the railways flogged tellys butlins? butlins and then i wrote to four different jobs i wrote to laboratory i wrote to a education authority i wrote eh to the police and i wrote i don ' t know if it was the army or something else i wrote to places where and i got a job teaching mm hm at i hadn '
180. you know some people are totally naive and didn ' t like mm hm you know and go through life and they think that everything is all just going to be alright it isn ' t but educa education edu people in charge as you said they know they ' re playing let ' s pretend yeah totally would you go back into teaching? well if you had to do a career start a career now would
185. mind you that ' s a long while ahead now but that ' s what they think they ' re do going to do because really i mean all that money these people have to pay yeah to be education and they call them you know it ' s a lot of people are paying nine thousand quid innit now? three thousand a year? no it ' s nine thousand a year nine thousand a year
187. whether you could actually get any sort of sense or support from anyone that worked there because they basically hated the students that ' s what ' s so really? hilarious about people who work er in in education they actually hate the students ' s worked in education for about eight years hates students er actually physically hates them it ' s quite funny oh no i remember she was my favourite must her name must ' ve
188. support from anyone that worked there because they basically hated the students that ' s what ' s so really? hilarious about people who work er in in education they actually hate the students ' s worked in education for about eight years hates students er actually physically hates them it ' s quite funny oh no i remember she was my favourite must her name must ' ve been? could be she was the woman that worked
189. woman i pictured them as a woman when you said it this is a good quiz the new ah the new research what ' s the new post cos there ' s been restructuring and now research and education are merging ah is that right? research and education? i think so and placements and bursaries are merging right no no resear i ' m so confused so i think research and bursa
190. it this is a good quiz the new ah the new research what ' s the new post cos there ' s been restructuring and now research and education are merging ah is that right? research and education? i think so and placements and bursaries are merging right no no resear i ' m so confused so i think research and bursaries are m merging right to become the eh what
191. or the weekend before last? oh and that was in birmingham and that was in birmingham right so i ' m getting confused em this is the research conference which is now which is actually the research and education conference but it ' s actually a collaboration with engineers against poverty which is another organisation right and it ' s dfid funded and it ' s yeah it ' s called the global dimension of education oh
192. education conference but it ' s actually a collaboration with engineers against poverty which is another organisation right and it ' s dfid funded and it ' s yeah it ' s called the global dimension of education oh no glo global dimension of it ' s g d e e for some reason g alright i was yeah that ' s good i was trying to do the acronym but it ' s got a developing
193. s good i was trying to do the acronym but it ' s got a developing in it as well global developing i don ' t know i think they ' ve just got the acro acronym wrong education gdee yeah cool so have you have you started finished? no no oh no it ' s this weekend it was gonna be last weekend i was gonna start but now it ' s gotta be this weekend
194. always have food bribes in the car i ' d forgotten that oh yeah definitely well my husband when he worked in a different school somebody said to him that basically bribery is the basics of today ' s education exactly it ' s teaching and parenting isn ' t it? yeah it ' s a shame really cos the school i used to work at there was a language teacher there who used to when the year
201. ret i ' m going to phone you again this same time next week and i want you to tell me what you ' ve mm put in place to stop this happening because my daughter ' s education is not gonna be affected on the account of disruptive children the teachers ca have you phoned them yet? no i want to i asked her last night to write me notes so okay yeah cos
202. degrees i know it ' s a very generic no it ' s alright phd ph er philosophy er d er doctorate of philosophy yes mine ' s not a phd it would be an edd doctorate of education education is a profession right so if i work within the industry of education oh er er okay oh i haven ' t seen that before mm phd ' s academia right yes so it was the academic side right
203. i know it ' s a very generic no it ' s alright phd ph er philosophy er d er doctorate of philosophy yes mine ' s not a phd it would be an edd doctorate of education education is a profession right so if i work within the industry of education oh er er okay oh i haven ' t seen that before mm phd ' s academia right yes so it was the academic side right of
204. phd ph er philosophy er d er doctorate of philosophy yes mine ' s not a phd it would be an edd doctorate of education education is a profession right so if i work within the industry of education oh er er okay oh i haven ' t seen that before mm phd ' s academia right yes so it was the academic side right of it i was thinking well you ' d just end up down a
205. you ' ve got a first - class degree so you ' re already in there from their perspective mm your first degree if you can get the equivalent of a first - class degree on your masters of education then on your masters yeah why not? why can ' t you? yeah uhu so i went alright mm i ' ll see how it goes mm oh well it ' s worthwhile just having a
207. ? but really what i ' m trying to drive at is i want some key actions that we can both buy into having value that either feeds into some of the elements of that big picture which is education mm or or otherwise it is simply related to process the mechanism of operations mm yeah? well i i would also say that you know the the the the i ' ll find out more about it on friday
208. erm she ' s still doing the teaching thing in hull yeah counting days literally until she can quit oh which isn ' t until the summer but she ' s also doing a master ' s in education and leadership or something as well so as if there wasn ' t enough work to do there oh wow she gets some special deal cos she ' s on this teach first scheme so leadership mm she '
209. get you know an offer to like you know study and whatever but this ededucational doctorate thing so i was looking at phds today i was looking at ed they call them doctorate in education and people who work for the are gonna get their fees waivered just because they work for yep no other reason look i ' m looking at them going but i don ' t work for but i '
212. and he was still really positive and contractive and my masters was completely different i feel like i ' ve been sold down the river by the i feel like they ' ve made this educated doctorate in education because of people like me i can ' t remember i ' d have to show it to you it was it was that thick do you know what i wrote for my masters? five thousand words is that
213. i might do one of those next wow do you know what they ' ve asked me to write about? choose a top down sorry a top down management approach erm in a in a in an education setting of your choice it ' s non - negotiable right okay fine and then argue the case from a scientific paradigm a constructivist paradigm an interpretist ' s paradigm and a critical erm
214. ##ling people ' s feathers and then said oh well then you would change track to be a phd i said but then what you ' re saying is that phd ' s superior mm to a doctorate in education but why would you say that because it ' s not it went on like that for a while and then when i found that guy them he was actually really mellow he didn ' t have that edge
215. chicks and then that ' s the weird thing it ' s like all the chicks and yet all the seniors are guys it ' s like how does this work? but it was like but this is education this is academia this is you know this is just trying to get on and do something a little bit you know i was thinking a fair bit of men might be knocking around going i ' d quite like
216. you know i was thinking a fair bit of men might be knocking around going i ' d quite like to do a doctorate degree in blah blah blah but then i remembered nah it ' s all chicks education chicks but then when you look at academics as in the pure breed of that meaning of the word mm but that ' s a healthy mix you know i don ' t know you know yeah usually but education
217. chicks but then when you look at academics as in the pure breed of that meaning of the word mm but that ' s a healthy mix you know i don ' t know you know yeah usually but education is generally more female mm mm but still that is incredible there ' s only one mm one wow mm pretty bad mm i dunno maybe it was just an off day well bad weather yeah it well yes
218. ' t give people too much to think about it just worries them and so it ' s a balance but they they when i was doing some research into this about evaluation of metaphors into evaluation and education which was the last thing i was doing i gave them like little cards which is the evaluation is a production line evaluation is and evaluation is in terms of students ' performance or academic achievement or learning progress they
221. they fly back when they ' re pregnant and have a scan every month as well as the scans here with with with i mean the systems we have in place the nhs is nearly at breaking point the education system is well it in a bad state it ' s in a bad state cos there ' s primary schools where look at ' s primary school something like sixty percent of the class english isn ' t
222. but if we ' re taking in like if we take if we if we open our arms for refugees the the nhs is gonna be but er more er like at greater risk than it already is the education system is gonna be put at greater risk than it already is but like if you ' re gonna be in the eu it you know in some sense it ' s not fair that germany should take millions and
224. anything like it was the kind of thing there were a few students who did who were kind of quite motivated and and engaged with the classes and i suppose came from families who who had some knowledge of education my parents didn ' t have any sort of real knowledge of education so you know when they came up done your homework? yeah okay mm go out and play yeah yipee you know so so we didn
225. who did who were kind of quite motivated and and engaged with the classes and i suppose came from families who who had some knowledge of education my parents didn ' t have any sort of real knowledge of education so you know when they came up done your homework? yeah okay mm go out and play yeah yipee you know so so we didn ' t we didn ' t do anything and and you know t
226. no ofsted then so you paid the money and that ' s it went in hung around came back again it ' s funny was saying about in zambia cos i suppose again there you pay for education worth in africa because it ' s yeah you pay for everything you pay for everything water right yeah like at the even if they now yeah yeah and so so you then have cos she said she went
227. last week or whenever that was okay oh inter if it ' s internal and then i ' ll have a look this week or speak to rachel about it but they ' re basically they are expanding the education group cos they ' re actually the only ones that are making any money so yeah um i will actually speak to her and see if she knows any more about it because that would be like a totally
230. and i could tell she was in a bad mood and she was going to see and dumping the clothes and coming away shocking isn ' t it? so where did you go to after? college of education and then i i spent four years there wondering why i was training to be a teacher thinking that i ' m not i ' m not interested in this so i went to jamaica for a couple of years
231. yourself together you ' ve got to get a job cos i ' d come back from jamaica and just thought oh what now? and so the day before school started in september i went to the education offices anand said can i see one of the employment people? and i was shown into an office and met a nice lady and said can i have a job? and she said oh they need somebody at
232. ' s very central yeah well it ' s very central and actually you can park there yes i think a originally there used to be cheaply crescent right and there ' s erm an area of education the area of education office there there ' s a few things down there yes erm devon county council have got an office there ah right well it used to be yes an education office no it ' s
233. yeah well it ' s very central and actually you can park there yes i think a originally there used to be cheaply crescent right and there ' s erm an area of education the area of education office there there ' s a few things down there yes erm devon county council have got an office there ah right well it used to be yes an education office no it ' s busy down there though
234. ##m an area of education the area of education office there there ' s a few things down there yes erm devon county council have got an office there ah right well it used to be yes an education office no it ' s busy down there though there ' s lots of offices yes and it ' s very central and what ' s it called? er looks like a traditional building then? yes although this
235. them in the easy life well they had the war and they had bad health care it ' s like in life of brian what did the roman ' s ever do for us? clean water the roads education education bridges aqueducts clean water sewerage under floor heating under floor heating all very important making sure i ' ve got no garlic in my teeth no you don ' t have any garlic plenty of pesto
236. in the easy life well they had the war and they had bad health care it ' s like in life of brian what did the roman ' s ever do for us? clean water the roads education education bridges aqueducts clean water sewerage under floor heating under floor heating all very important making sure i ' ve got no garlic in my teeth no you don ' t have any garlic plenty of pesto though
238. of chocolate wahoo erm yeah so infants i ' m not gonna outline all the stages because you ' ll get bored but i want to see whether you could you could erm apply this to education but okay in brief every single age group of infants have different like stages that they can cope with in their thinking yep so from the age of nought to two sensei they go to the sensensor
242. yeah i ' ve done that before as well yeah i go boys i ' m gonna have to buy you a bin yeah oh funny very very good yes you see this needs to be part of the education system as well because it ' s all very well knowing about the mechanics of mm hm okay every month there ' s gonna be this blood gushing no well i don ' t know what ' s going
244. that she needed to leave anyway that ' s so so actually went to the same teacher training college as my mother by one year no they missed each other by one year oh so when the lecturer the education lecturer said do you know erm a she said no i don ' t but she ' d actually she ' d known since the age of eighteen that she had a sister a half - sister oh okay
247. ' s quite pro michael she tells me now see michael goves who ' s he? michael goves goves yeah who ' s gove gove he he was the secretary of state for education he was? yeah but he became so contentious that these erm all parties have done this now apart from the erm ukip they ' ve all hired all the experts from the states who ' ve
248. because he was getting so much flak but i mean he was he was being told that this guy was a liability as well that ' s basically why oh all because of what he was saying about education or other things too? history god and the teaching of history and this actually had such a a negative effect? just goes to show how political education is isn ' t it? yeah absolutely no absolutely that
249. why oh all because of what he was saying about education or other things too? history god and the teaching of history and this actually had such a a negative effect? just goes to show how political education is isn ' t it? yeah absolutely no absolutely that ' s absolutely right so anyway he ' s not but that that you were saying about the lecture that he was actually well it was more of a
250. erm lucky enough and then dad got to hear me unfortunately on a friday night once or twice bang on about we had the we have government contracts at we managed to get the the erm the education guys to give us a course that we could get involved and mm mm and you spend a bit of time with the teachers every and then again look i ' ll i ' ll that picture paints a thousand
253. yeah mm an accident of birth by days mm you ' d be like mum you should have been trying to hang on for another twtwenty - eight days yeah cos it meant different say education wise you know where are you? you know most people have already done their exams before you even get to your birthday no that that ' s a very good point yeah yeah so there ' s you know
261. is more kind of miscellaneous things it could be about maybe voluntary work that i ' ve done currently or in the past um i might have a section as well which is more i ' ve forgotten my education section needs to be in there what my qualifications mm are i ' ll also have a training section if i ' ve participated in any kind of work - based training which isn ' t really a qualification as
265. realises no he just has he noticed that there ' s a lot more people? sniffing for food isn ' t he? in the kitchen yeah shout if you want me you know ' s back in education don ' t you? yeah how ' s it going? yeah love it good yeah it was great to not well not to leave where i was it was good to leave where i was really erm
268. ##m you are though aren ' t you? so we ' ve made so we ' ve made mr bean erm oh yeah really funny the vicar of dibley again really funny erm er bad education i don ' t know if you ' ve seen that? no it ' s a jack whitehall show i ' ve i ' ve like seen it advertised yeah but never actually watched it catherine tate show oh
269. erm investing in their er in their country and in their people in their new innovation we the nhs is investing in our people maybe not fundamentally or ideologically but healthcare is better erm er school education obviously that can be argued but we ' ve got we ' ve got a sustainable system education is a nec the the points are these are necessary costs right? yeah every country will have these costs right?
270. the nhs is investing in our people maybe not fundamentally or ideologically but healthcare is better erm er school education obviously that can be argued but we ' ve got we ' ve got a sustainable system education is a nec the the points are these are necessary costs right? yeah every country will have these costs right? yeah unless you ' re america and you try and do an obamacare system yeah obamacare
271. ##care system yeah obamacare okay? but everything will have a set amount of cost what china do have done well is they ' ve minimised the amount of cost yeah yeah that you spend on education and healthcare and they ' ve got the the best that they can possibly get even though they have a billion people yeah and it must be hard to healthcare bill budget is going to be pretty high in that
272. something from him will he be in the shop? well i ' ve heard he ' s gonna be front of house and oh no maybe that was the i don ' t know cos i the education ' s right up on the top floor where they have the classes and the schools aha i bet they move them about i bet he ' s all over mm mm mm i bet he does the he
273. he does the he would ' ve had it for two weeks but he ' s already got someone he ' ll do yeah he wanted two separate mm he ' ll do the shop the museum and the education yeah do you wanna see the? do you want to look at the screen? oh i ' ve got the it ' s here okay and i ' m going anyway i ' ll see you all soon
274. thing that ' s going to be the most compelling? erm and how much of it has got a kind of teaching not teaching but an educational kind of slant to it? what ' s the education element? i don ' t know i don ' t know whether you bring in as an interviewer whether i ' m you know bringing in some erm say external reading from different authors or i am
275. but the topic is entrepreneurs so i can ' t really say the topic is university students i would prefer to have something that ' s got a little bit more bite to it than that the topic is education yeah the topic is education topic is learning topic is self - learning topic is self - directed learning topic is alright i know i know what you are saying i am just saying thattopic like entrepreneurs is
276. so i can ' t really say the topic is university students i would prefer to have something that ' s got a little bit more bite to it than that the topic is education yeah the topic is education topic is learning topic is self - learning topic is self - directed learning topic is alright i know i know what you are saying i am just saying thattopic like entrepreneurs is you know er big enough
277. analysis erm but i i don ' t think sort of english erm sort of works in that logical approach as much mm what do you think the fact that has now said he ' s the education minister or was the education minister that american literature is no longer to be available to schools to choose because i think about ninety percent or more than ninety percent of schools were choosing of mice and men erm
278. i don ' t think sort of english erm sort of works in that logical approach as much mm what do you think the fact that has now said he ' s the education minister or was the education minister that american literature is no longer to be available to schools to choose because i think about ninety percent or more than ninety percent of schools were choosing of mice and men erm probably because it ' s
281. no but in fact you are the same as everybody else you ' re just maybe the attention you ' ve had erm i ' m very kind of interested in these like kind of alternative ways of education and kinds of things there are a lot of new places that are trying to be creative and they ' re outside of the box yeah yeah yeah yeah try to challenge having to work within a curriculum yeah yeah
282. as being er very different and individual yeah yeah sorry? it ' s where the children in the country live okay it ' s very a group of people yeah well this is like other kinds of primary education er yeah montessori education erm yeah all all of them cost money yeah yeah yeah but that costs them a lot of money yeah yeah yeah and they i mean they ' re they ' re set
283. individual yeah yeah sorry? it ' s where the children in the country live okay it ' s very a group of people yeah well this is like other kinds of primary education er yeah montessori education erm yeah all all of them cost money yeah yeah yeah but that costs them a lot of money yeah yeah yeah and they i mean they ' re they ' re set up as they ' re kind
287. ' ve wanted to go mount isa if you wanted to go to mount isa yeah yeah does it ring a bell? that ' s the town that he was at no school and it actually specialised in education it had about six boarding schools in the town and that ' s where most of the people were oh right was that you or your son? mm he ' s he he went there and he just was
288. went against me we were dodoing it scientifically you weren ' t i a little bit about benzene and lying and oil never trust those no never trust never trust science? never trust an education never trust science yeah you were all wrong okay so it ' s this side now it ' s all hogwash it was this side now okay keep one for the middle can we play my game now?
293. erm it was really weird our head of like the head of our department not but like the head head she resigned two weeks ago erm and who is the head of like iin erm education uhu he turned round and his email was really cryptic it was like erm this is really sad and we ' re gonna get together over the next few days and decide what the next move is for
294. came from? erm she ca she comes from the department for in erm accor er uhu something like that it ' s like a trade publisher cos she ' s never worked in education before but she ' ll be fine i think i assume yeah how was your week? the car broke down no it didn ' t didn ' t break down at all erm did you hit something?
300. i ' d got the way around i wanted to apply for a head teacher ' s job i would stand more of a chance yeah a business person yeah i can see that like having no knowledge of education at all er mm and that ' s the way it ' s going it ' s the way it ' s going and the only way that f for the teacher staff to get they ' re not going
301. reason they ' re becoming academies is because the government don ' t want the control don ' t want the local authorities to have that control so for norfolk for instance they would have probably gone into norfolk education would probably have gone into special measures mm because of the way they dealt with them okay so the lo so the government see that around the country and they ' re like how can you solve this? i
302. ##who are these chiefs that keep changing stuff? oh it ' s the gthe government are playing a good one at the moment because they ' re saying we ' re not cutting the funding to education we ' re keeping the funding to education the same so everyone things that ' s good yeah yeah you ' d think it was good looking at it on the tv yeah yeah well they ' re not cutting
303. stuff? oh it ' s the gthe government are playing a good one at the moment because they ' re saying we ' re not cutting the funding to education we ' re keeping the funding to education the same so everyone things that ' s good yeah yeah you ' d think it was good looking at it on the tv yeah yeah well they ' re not cutting the funding to education they ' re not
304. the funding to education the same so everyone things that ' s good yeah yeah you ' d think it was good looking at it on the tv yeah yeah well they ' re not cutting the funding to education they ' re not cutting the funding to health or whatever they ' re gonna say that ' s it what they ' re not telling you is there are more students coming in yeah right? national insurance has
307. any money when they got all this turn - over going on that ' s the administrators mm you know they don ' t care about people ' s health they don ' t care about people ' s education any more well that ' s what it seem like anyway mm they they wanna cut back on all the good things mm that ' s what they that ' s what they ' re doing in education they '
308. s education any more well that ' s what it seem like anyway mm they they wanna cut back on all the good things mm that ' s what they that ' s what they ' re doing in education they ' re cutting back some of the things needed to be come back cut back some of the courses which were on offer for making league tables look good yes did need to get chopped back yeah but it
311. ##lexia and and and the sort of abilities in relation to certain skills but also a lot of er i mean a huge part of it which i think is where the prejudice comes from is erm education and class yeah totally a class thing like on that like like i i like it ' s yeah and like grammar is specifically like you know i went to a grammar school weirdly ironically where grammar like actual
314. gonna happen yeah it ' s like you ' re yeah and these these yeah are the ways in which you do it also and crazes i was at my yeah cos i never really considered education as like viewed as er different types of education you can have and i was helping her look for schools for her kid and she was like i don ' t know if i want him to have this type
320. part of this and i ' m part of that and i do this and i do that but i also do this for work and like these like super plural understandings of identity and i think like education is very very very much about like i ' m gonna be a doctor or i ' m gonna be a teacher and that ' s not that ' s not like that ' s not real life that '
322. board like the ceo and erm but in d at erm we ' ve got erm english a english as a foreign language department elt we ' ve got academic and we ' ve got education within education is the uk and the ieb elt? yeah we call it eal we do oh great we call it don ' t we don ' t and then so within eeducation you
323. the ceo and erm but in d at erm we ' ve got erm english a english as a foreign language department elt we ' ve got academic and we ' ve got education within education is the uk and the ieb elt? yeah we call it eal we do oh great we call it don ' t we don ' t and then so within eeducation you ' ve
324. yeah we call it eal we do oh great we call it don ' t we don ' t and then so within eeducation you ' ve got uk and international so i was part of education erm international but they ' ve now merged them mm so he so is the head of global content and e - distribution in education and he had to go to the board and put forward a proposal on
325. ##cation you ' ve got uk and international so i was part of education erm international but they ' ve now merged them mm so he so is the head of global content and e - distribution in education and he had to go to the board and put forward a proposal on how to improve the workflows and the schemes within the whole of education and how to align the whole business across academic and el
326. the head of global content and e - distribution in education and he had to go to the board and put forward a proposal on how to improve the workflows and the schemes within the whole of education and how to align the whole business across academic and elt and align all the erm strands basically and within like our different branches in south africa and australia and stuff and he ' s actually asked me
327. me the money online yeah bought them online for him oh right yellow vest oh right the high vis did get? oh yes i ' m not sure you ' re supposed to get she ' s doing education isn ' t she? i think it gets cold in when that age oh right ah yeah like here ' s your ththousand to spend this month it ' s in here is it to the
328. m not speaking as a mother actually but erm mm but surely i mean you know of course my mother is you know? kinda really existed and then she started taking a part - time course in education in her late fifties so that ' s quite a late start isn ' t it? yeah yeah yeah and er you know she ' s just been having her er you know? just beginning to have her
333. things i can think of that ' s cool er what would you say? would you add anything? i think you ' ve done well there i think like you said worship worship worship in terms of education education education i always think of yeah erm in terms of yeah what you ' ve got to do some people try and listen to too much music and get it wrong that way cos they ' re
334. i can think of that ' s cool er what would you say? would you add anything? i think you ' ve done well there i think like you said worship worship worship in terms of education education education i always think of yeah erm in terms of yeah what you ' ve got to do some people try and listen to too much music and get it wrong that way cos they ' re mm
335. can think of that ' s cool er what would you say? would you add anything? i think you ' ve done well there i think like you said worship worship worship in terms of education education education i always think of yeah erm in terms of yeah what you ' ve got to do some people try and listen to too much music and get it wrong that way cos they ' re mm too
336. like oh for god ' s sakes what do you want me to do? just get them to stare at the smartboard all but that ' s not she ' s completely missed the point of education which is actually you utilise kids all learn differently so actually physically doing something whatever it might be if it ' s colouring so be it it will be a skill that will actually make something stick
338. languages department every single teacher without exception was lovely oh that ' s good so supportive so human very understanding erm but i was in the facul the staff room of the faculty of humanities and education ah communication english modern language music drama and it was it was like being in a playground people not talking to each other that day like oh yeah completely unprofessional comments being slung across the staff
341. did o three kinds of exams o levels cse and gces mm cses i ' ve heard of those oh yeah i did cses as well what are cses? em certificate in secondary education and when did you do this? so they used to have o levels and cses and they combined the two to make gcses? yeah it ' s not eh there was probably just an overlap
342. day at school cos the heater broke and i went home and em like there ' s containing like all these people had gone home and that we should stay and that we should care about our education kids are always going to want to go home yeah and teachers too and the teachers do yeah more than the kids i bet i ' m trying to think what else i imagine the kids totally will be really
343. i ' d moved quite a few times i was just kind of just trying to fit in more than anything yeah at that age you know you just wanna be part of something and so everything else like education forget that you just kind of wanna be popular or mm er for me it was just it was shit and i i didn ' t like it well when i was er i mean i i barely went for
344. anyway dunno why i guess i was just an awkward kid i regret it you know yeah but er it shows though i mean look where you are now you know? it er it shows what the education system is up until the age of sixteen and it ' s not really that mm important mm really it it ' s more on yourself what you consider important and your own motivations yeah to do things that
349. what yeah we check like what topics we talk about yeah i ' ve seen the board yeah and things oh that ' s good that ' s really cool yeah yeah erm yeah apparently we talk about education twice the same as much now than we used to and stuff like that oh okay but erm and then eventually we ' ll use it to erm like teach learners mm mm how we talk now yeah
350. moment is we have ieb which is the mm and then we have the uk schools team mm mm they both kind of work independently of each other despite that we ' re all under the family of education mm mm erm they have their own editors project coordinators whatever you wanna call them and then we do our job we don ' t do any hands on editing but we organise the development editor the copy
351. always talking about is writing writing writing writing writing writing and i was like yeah yeah i love writing i love writing mm and i was getting pissed off cos i ' ve been doing my masters in education which i ' ve just finished right and erm he erm i was going on a bang banging on about i ' ve lost touch with the real sense of meaning cos everything that couldn ' t
352. absence yeah that ' s right yeah not for six weeks a week or no maternity covers or things like that mm see what happens so there ' s a there ' s a fair bit happening in in education at the moment there ' s a fair bit happening in about education is there? with the old dame oh god what ' s she up to now? well two weeks ago two weeks ago her principal over
353. or no maternity covers or things like that mm see what happens so there ' s a there ' s a fair bit happening in in education at the moment there ' s a fair bit happening in about education is there? with the old dame oh god what ' s she up to now? well two weeks ago two weeks ago her principal over at academy was made executive principal of academy and academy oh right alright
354. don ' t they? so i mean they were the ones that er made her dame weren ' t it? so there you go gove made her dame yeah just gove and look what as education secretary and look at him yeah he ' s nothing at the moment nothing mm they get what they want they screw everybody up and then that ' s it yeah i ' d like to know how many teachers
355. stuff like that we don ' t want her taking over was there? we want children not just number machines and things oh yeah i was heard i heard about that yeah mm how they ' ve ruined education lately eh? they really have haven ' t they? well the government the mani the labour manifesto for education is they want vocational courses back yeah this government has scrapped all vocational courses they have haven ' t
356. and things oh yeah i was heard i heard about that yeah mm how they ' ve ruined education lately eh? they really have haven ' t they? well the government the mani the labour manifesto for education is they want vocational courses back yeah this government has scrapped all vocational courses they have haven ' t they yeah yeah yeah that ' ll change if the labour get in then got no chance getting in no you
360. degree it ' s a joke considering so much europe is still completely free we ' ve completely in one year like within a couple of years basically since david cameron ' s come in just flipped and like education we ' ve completely copied the american system the americans and realised how much more money some of the loans the student loans that were t taken out ten years ago or so they ' ve sold those li loans
361. i i mean how when you think how it ' s changed when when went to uni she got paid for going i know to university she had grants thrown at her yeah for going and staying in education yeah she didn ' t and nothing had to be paid back no that ' s what yeah ' s brother said she he got paid to go to university to train as a doctor his education was paid for
365. our topics into perspective like internationally yeah oh right okay yeah so if you know what i mean like in practice sort of thing? yeah yeah so it ' s like my topic er for our project is education yeah and erm she asked us to find a media article to do with our topic but also the topic of the week right so our topic when i did it last week was gender so i had to
366. do with our topic but also the topic of the week right so our topic when i did it last week was gender so i had to find an article that was to do with development and gender and education so you had to find all the all the different examples for the different things yeah and i think that ' s really good cos it ' s a lot more challenging because it ' s really hard to
368. do at university? yeah and i mean yeah i mean ' s mum kind of thinking she could be yeah yeah but it ' s kind of interesting cos cos education ' s just good for education ' s sake well yes yeah i thi be motivated and interested oh well it and enjoy it well that that ' s what her class teacher says it doesn ' t matter where she goes she ' s
370. good definition of stuff textbook definition it ' ll take me minute to think about it and think of a good answer perhaps that ' s okay i guess stuff just hasn ' t you know some normally with education you some core things are drummed into you from quite a young age so even the basics are kinda covered but when it ' s something new it takes a little while longer for that to get so drum
376. prejudice aren ' t they yeah skin colour and yeah that ' s yeah that must be interesting so it ' s it it ' s and it is funny you know like i said about the the whole education thing when the the nephew ' s over here you know they wouldn ' t think of of of asking me my opinion on it cos i don ' t really figure in their world and what i find
379. yeah it was really bad erm but she ' s she she ' s fine i think she ' s okay ah yeah yeah it ' s like the episode of south park where that teacher teaches sex education which then yeah right? it ' s very much like that that kind of thing mr mackay i took the penis and and i okay ah what are it ' s chokesondick isnt ' t it
383. or you mm do cut down and then you don ' t do such a good job of it yeah i suppose and i ' m not really agreeing with where the whole i well industry and where the education sector is going and it ' s all it ' s all geared towards running businesses now where running schools are concerned it ' s not i just keep thinking oh i couldn ' t imagine working for in a
385. have a finite amount of resources and and the whole system to me and if i think this how can i have a child? mm i ' ve said to you before i don ' t agree with education er how it is how can i give my child up to the state mm in four years in and then just say alright it ' s up to you to educate my child? even though i ' m
392. and then they had to do a peer to peer speaking assessment right i mean at parents evenings did they have parents evenings? yeah yeah they do i mean what did you show the parents? well the education nowadays is all about meeting targets and assigning levels to students so on the basis of the assessment you write down okay this kid is at level three a in their reading skills four b in their foreign language
394. ##est yeah die out and this is what the human race is all about ain ' t it? mm it is and actually i hadn ' t thought about that yeah basically yeah yeah but it ' s education you see they don ' t understand it no and they want to wash they they want to wash the bodies before they ' re buried well when they ' re washing their bodies they ' re catching it that
395. so used to being known as numbers in their system you know to a number and they they ' re they ' re ohh used to being inconsequential and anonymous oh yes okay their education sys and so that that made a big impression on them i think that i actually wanted to know their names and to link their names to their faces i said i don ' t care what you do
396. ve explained that i want to i wanna do this because i want to kn this is w how we teach this is what we do mm we have class lists in the uk this is part of your education yeah your intercultural education i ' m not a chinese teacher i ' m a yeah yeah british teacher and this is what we do yeah so that but i didn ' t make you have to make those
397. to i wanna do this because i want to kn this is w how we teach this is what we do mm we have class lists in the uk this is part of your education yeah your intercultural education i ' m not a chinese teacher i ' m a yeah yeah british teacher and this is what we do yeah so that but i didn ' t make you have to make those things explicit i think when
398. they honestly have one of those it ' s just shit jesus what are they doing? they ' re just like yeah just cut you is it like michael gove or something? no he ' s education oh yeah yeah it ' s probably the like the equivalent of michael gove yeah michael gove i actually think it ' s a woman who ' s head of mental health oh well she ' s doing
403. there that ' s ' s road sixth form erm is a little bit further on very very good sixth form that one mm that ' s? um yes that ' s er no that ' s education oh no it is that ' s the education building this bit here is sort of main building oh okay on the right now hmm is that still? that is yeah that ' s the plodge in
404. erm is a little bit further on very very good sixth form that one mm that ' s? um yes that ' s er no that ' s education oh no it is that ' s the education building this bit here is sort of main building oh okay on the right now hmm is that still? that is yeah that ' s the plodge in there well that ' s reception i ' m
405. that you can do subjects here you can ' t do anywhere else cos i thought that when i applied i was told you can do every subject at every college yeah well i think you can but education and drama are kind of solely based at and you would have to be supervised there are they taught there? yeah do well the the education does well i think drama you would be in the english faculty for
406. every subject at every college yeah well i think you can but education and drama are kind of solely based at and you would have to be supervised there are they taught there? yeah do well the the education does well i think drama you would be in the english faculty for some of it but i think some of the solely drama lectures are probably and this is a degree from the university of yeah shite well
407. would be in the english faculty for some of it but i think some of the solely drama lectures are probably and this is a degree from the university of yeah shite well no i mean like so education i think you have to do with a subject obviously and so did maths for half of her time and education for half of her time right er i don ' t know if you can do just solely
408. this is a degree from the university of yeah shite well no i mean like so education i think you have to do with a subject obviously and so did maths for half of her time and education for half of her time right er i don ' t know if you can do just solely education you might be able to no i meant the education and drama oh right well it ' s not the same
409. think you have to do with a subject obviously and so did maths for half of her time and education for half of her time right er i don ' t know if you can do just solely education you might be able to no i meant the education and drama oh right well it ' s not the same degree as far as i know unless you could you possibly could come out with one but what do
410. so did maths for half of her time and education for half of her time right er i don ' t know if you can do just solely education you might be able to no i meant the education and drama oh right well it ' s not the same degree as far as i know unless you could you possibly could come out with one but what do you mean it ' s not the same degree?
411. drama oh right well it ' s not the same degree as far as i know unless you could you possibly could come out with one but what do you mean it ' s not the same degree? education and drama i meant you can do education comma drama oh drama is not a degree is it? can ' t get a degree in drama you can do english and drama as a joint yeah but you
412. the same degree as far as i know unless you could you possibly could come out with one but what do you mean it ' s not the same degree? education and drama i meant you can do education comma drama oh drama is not a degree is it? can ' t get a degree in drama you can do english and drama as a joint yeah but you can ' t just do a degree in
414. might be better for her well she ' s four years late isn ' t she? mm yeah but mm but she likes paris and she ' s doing some teaching as well so you know all that education i know i know oh well what does do? don ' t know i didn ' t ask about oh okay but no i spoke to actually last nno monday night yeah i rang yeah cos i
417. as well i i was in the same education group as your sis as your mother oh right wow that ' s amazing so it was really incredible it is i ' m just looking to see if the but is that a well - known college that '
419. funny because my first proper teaching position i suppose erm was in oh not far really from at all yes yes and actually strangely the college in which is the the teaching college well the teaching college further education college sorry erm i call it a teaching college because i did my my postgraduate erm diploma in education while i was there yes i see yes they made you do it mmhmm yes i mean
420. yes and actually strangely the college in which is the the teaching college well the teaching college further education college sorry erm i call it a teaching college because i did my my postgraduate erm diploma in education while i was there yes i see yes they made you do it mmhmm yes i mean it was a good thing to do but it was to get you on to the next rung of the
421. yeah but she so she was there when i had my interview but she left right and it was that man where she ' s got the group photograph there yeah a mr er er well he was the education lecturer right and i did erm so it was divided into the education was infants junior secondary so she and i both did secondary yeah yeah and he said oh you anything belonging to so i said no because
422. left right and it was that man where she ' s got the group photograph there yeah a mr er er well he was the education lecturer right and i did erm so it was divided into the education was infants junior secondary so she and i both did secondary yeah yeah and he said oh you anything belonging to so i said no because in those days if i if he might have said well how yeah yeah
424. realised that my great love really is the for teaching and and i thought oh well i ' d better do this properly yes get all of my qualifications yes yes yes and i just finished my masters of education oh i see yeah i did it by distance learning i see yes from from australia with the university which was great fun yes it was all online mm mm yes all distance so it was all quite you know
425. don ' t really oh yes i don ' t necessarily do it for the career advancement no i think i do it more to keep my brain active yes well that ' s what matters yes and in education you should be yes leading by example yes there ' s an element yes and i was working as a yeah i was working as a learning advisor at this university in called university it ' s just a few
426. ' s also written a couple of books which led to being awarded a masters of philosophy degree award five years of hard work author of three historical novels yes mm set it in her parents not believing in education managed to complete a scientifically - based national diploma course in where she met her husband after working in a laboratory for fifteen months she married had three children oh and then under the name of she had three
428. government would ' ve been toppled erm but he erm he er he managed to continue erm but when he went the next his successors have all erm er put a lot more emphasis on education mm mm and making sure people were technically qualified and all that stuff mm mm and have have used that as as one of the mm sorry alright we just dropped the tape recorder but that ' s alright pop
429. to be needed to grow to sustain the number of people that were in china so ever since er mao ' s time er the there ' s been much more ememphasis on the economy and education and erm and now they ' re saying doctors and teachers have got erm guaranteed or you know er will have guaranteed pensions at the end of their mm erm employment er when they retire whereas that
432. that ' s fine but yeah the issue of course is that is that erm quite apart from the genetic issue people middle - class parents who have achieved as a result of their own ed education value education and they want their child to go to school schools are a beneficial exercise if your parents don ' t want you to go to school you ' re probably not going to go to cambridge are you? well
436. to her er and you know well i sort of said but you know it ' s not her responsibility to learn how to sort of er protect herself it should be sort of the responsibility of or the education of young men saying mm stop attacking people please er and i fefeel quite strongly about this yeah i think we have a a lot of that in uk culture in particular is teaching women in particular to
442. gonna take me too much not so easy tertiary education system is not quite as good out there at the moment korean is terrible i mean most people in england seem to know that korea has a really good education system or at least so i hear it ' s like second in the world sometimes well i know like the one i know is mostly singapore yes and that school right level is more than i mean i know
444. got over three hundred and fifty unis in the country so the education system there mostly wrong i think just strange that most people at least i met in the west kinda think it has a really good education system i think it ' s terrible well there ' s i mean we so there was a thing that came out actually in the news about how england there ' s a table of education oh just recently we
445. a really good education system i think it ' s terrible well there ' s i mean we so there was a thing that came out actually in the news about how england there ' s a table of education oh just recently we ' re like eleventh or something? yeah yeah we were quite low down like we dropped a place or two i think? finland first yeah they work less hours they have less homework they
446. ? finland first yeah they work less hours they have less homework they go to school when they ' re older i really it ' s gonna be difficult for me to have different ideas about you know the education system but has to work in education within the system for the whole i honestly believe that education should be a lifelong process you know you ' re not graded c at sixteen and then you carry this grade with
447. hours they have less homework they go to school when they ' re older i really it ' s gonna be difficult for me to have different ideas about you know the education system but has to work in education within the system for the whole i honestly believe that education should be a lifelong process you know you ' re not graded c at sixteen and then you carry this grade with you for the rest of your life
448. ' re older i really it ' s gonna be difficult for me to have different ideas about you know the education system but has to work in education within the system for the whole i honestly believe that education should be a lifelong process you know you ' re not graded c at sixteen and then you carry this grade with you for the rest of your life and you can ' t change a lot of people seem
449. t how french was being taught to us at school not at all methodology ' s moved on a lot since then mm well i mean i know i know a lot of people at who were in the education department in fact one of the guys who was the president of the mcr when i was the secretary erm he he goes around the world and is a speaker in education i ' ve no idea what
450. at who were in the education department in fact one of the guys who was the president of the mcr when i was the secretary erm he he goes around the world and is a speaker in education i ' ve no idea what why he ' s going around but he ' s australian so oh actually he ' s from new zealand but he ' s taugh he basically does a lot with the education
451. i ' ve no idea what why he ' s going around but he ' s australian so oh actually he ' s from new zealand but he ' s taugh he basically does a lot with the education in our australia and they have meetings like i think it seems like they ' re trying to moved education what it probably used where it ' s like i think before at least when i was growing up and
452. he ' s from new zealand but he ' s taugh he basically does a lot with the education in our australia and they have meetings like i think it seems like they ' re trying to moved education what it probably used where it ' s like i think before at least when i was growing up and then probably before that it was a case of this is what we used this is how we used to
454. you know she ' s been recruited to be head of whatever and we ' re all very excited blah de blah okay wow it ' s amazing speaking to it turns out the they that she works in education and i work in elt that their head of education was headhunted first she turned it down but said to her boss like the director i ' ve been headhunted i want a better position
455. whatever and we ' re all very excited blah de blah okay wow it ' s amazing speaking to it turns out the they that she works in education and i work in elt that their head of education was headhunted first she turned it down but said to her boss like the director i ' ve been headhunted i want a better position and i want more money and they went okay oh my
460. mean er huh it i just don ' t know how it ' s gonna resolve itself i er it ' s mm quite concerning really isn ' t it it is especially now the government ' s turned education ba mm basically they ' ve basically privatized it that ' s it yep yeah and er and of course there is that theory that you know like academies that that you know they ' re they '
462. it wasn ' t really even an interview it was just i think he just wanted to hear that i could string a sentence together and it was the same um i had an interview before that another um education provider it wasn ' t with the college or anything i just went in and he knew that i ' d worked for a3 agency um er er and i he asked me about what they did and all
466. to uni twenty - two erm and he ' s going this year to do he ' s going to to do erm could ' ve told yeah well he would erm a business and education like course and because erm he ' s doing student finance and even though like he gets he ' s got a full - time job at the minute so he gets no money from his parents whatsoever like
467. the ones that control the money at the moment but cos that ' s what they ' re trying to get rid of that ' s why they oh right yeah right they ' re like the local education authorities? i suppose so yeah yeah comparison with education yeah yeah well the same things happening there isn ' t it it ' s all been privatised they ' re all going to be thinking about how
468. cos that ' s what they ' re trying to get rid of that ' s why they oh right yeah right they ' re like the local education authorities? i suppose so yeah yeah comparison with education yeah yeah well the same things happening there isn ' t it it ' s all been privatised they ' re all going to be thinking about how to spend the least amount of money but then they
469. isn ' t it that we remember these children and we want to welcome them into our country spinning seat don ' t you think? uhu mm cos they ' ve not really got anything but education is an amazing thing and chairs and chairs well it ' s to welcome though isn ' t it? yeah chairs are important they are my students took their exams today and these are the ones that i see
473. the tragic element yeah yeah of it all but it ' s like yeah their mm emotion of it yes spread everywhere and like yeah yeah kind of another area you know schools yes schools are supposed to mm education in every single field you know sex education for one surely that ' s should be the parental responsibility mm yeah not that all parents yeah are very good at it but then neither neither necessarily are schools no and
474. but it ' s like yeah their mm emotion of it yes spread everywhere and like yeah yeah kind of another area you know schools yes schools are supposed to mm education in every single field you know sex education for one surely that ' s should be the parental responsibility mm yeah not that all parents yeah are very good at it but then neither neither necessarily are schools no and the the whole thing that schools should be
481. it but u they it it isn ' t looked at like that and partly i i i think partly maybe schools are to blame there in a way although iin principle i had always believed in comprehensive education i came ultimately to the conclusion working in comp the comprehensive state system that it is far more difficult to operate effectively than it was ever conceived to be when it was first yeah er you know? yeah
485. it give you difference? yeah it does it does the different attitude it does and what an and really i think almost gets to the crunch mm of the problems mm today that we ' re facing in education true that ' s very true and it ' s tragic what you tell me about universities because i haven ' t stepped inside a university erm for yonks erm because who ' s teaching year
486. ' s something to do with customer satisfaction i think the the senior management it ' s such a commercialised it ' s the commercialised resresponse isn ' t it? the commercialising education yeah which i of course i ' ve always disapproved of i could never see how a former manager of tesco ' s would make a good head teacher mm you know? and at the
488. yeah you getting them to want to learn what you know and they don ' t mm mm that ' s right yeah i think on that note then i think we ' ve just solved it yes the education system we have we totally have what a wonderful conversation well for me personally because i love
491. it this morning and i haven ' t i still think it is wrong that we should be paying for the boys to go to and from school oh i know because it ' s compulsory education i know education i know but who are you gonna write to? the council? the the the well initially i ' d phone the lady up the the in the transport department our contact yeah yeah yeah you can yeah er
498. they do it ' s demand yeah reduction yeah and and there ' s there ' s loads of different ways that we know from both social scientists and economists about how to sort of encourage demand reduction and education is one of them yeah yeah but you know offering alternatives is another and incentives not to is is another all yeah all sorts of stuff erm but whether or not they know about all those different alternatives or
500. if you read the literature review yeah erm so you know where they are so that ' s very different from the i suppose the yeah the history of of wri of academic erm writing about education erm uhu you know as a social science and is it even a discipline in its own right you know? there are still massive questions about that which you know you find in the way that researchers
501. as a social science and is it even a discipline in its own right you know? there are still massive questions about that which you know you find in the way that researchers write or academics write about education is that they themselves aren ' t too sure quite a lot of the time what actually is education is it a subject? mm is it a science? is it epis a process yeah it ' s
502. still massive questions about that which you know you find in the way that researchers write or academics write about education is that they themselves aren ' t too sure quite a lot of the time what actually is education is it a subject? mm is it a science? is it epis a process yeah it ' s it ' s it you know it mm it ' s come from very different origins you know mm
503. it a subject? mm is it a science? is it epis a process yeah it ' s it ' s it you know it mm it ' s come from very different origins you know mm education and and i i find that quite a lot it ' s that ' s why where the ambiguity lies okay which i think is why my f you know i was telling you about my five thousand word essay
504. know i was telling you about my five thousand word essay which i did for my masters which is you know all about these paradigms mm about four different paradigms that can exist you know for in education i think more for research purposes mm i don ' t sit there and go i ' m a teacher and i have a constructivist point you know paradigm position you know i don ' t mm i don
505. more of a fashion or it ' s trying to address a real deep rooted issue which is we don ' t actually know what constitutes erm you know the the pillars let ' s say mm of education and t and educational research mm iit ' s very wishy washy so there have been people in the past who ' ve heavily criticised this i mean i can mm think of a few and they
506. they were addressing it when it probably really came to light mm erm and of course they have public debates as well about it you know with it being a public you know good in the sense of education but i find for me even to get started nnow on this paper which is quite a curious one because as i say i ' m not an a a researcher i ' m not on the payroll as
507. about being a participant in the study? or is it actually about being a named author a person who has had this experience? mm and it is part of a growing nascent area of research in education this third space but i can see that quite a lot of people might just look at it and go so what? mm so you turned up for work each day and you had some frustrating experiences but well
509. or something? yeah you know research notes yeah or something yeah can you get a yeah you know is is there that sort of practitioner policy maker erm route? there is there ' s the higher education academy and they right commission small you know small erm pieces of research i mean that ' s commission their calls for you know erm? uhu but yeah inside there yeah you ' re right research
513. her education it ' s not just you know exclusive to her education well like i say erm she ' s really not feeling great today and i said oh d ' you wanna chat you know about education and stuff and cos she was you know worried about her phd and yeah whatever yesterday and she said oh not today actually i ' m just blugh yeah she ' s just she ' s feeling tired
516. effect within comprehensive the distinction became between o level and gc and cse qualifications tell me if it starts to move what was the cse? it was a se it was a certificate of secondary education which is not as valid as the o level not as difficult to do oh is that what? but gsces are half way between the two the foundation yeah gcses are midway between what the o
519. ' re researching into english what? good english? bad english? or er accents? or? no i think it ' s i think it ' s related to erm er teaching english in like education mm stuff like that so i think they ' re just trying to get a wide variety of forms of english and resear analysing it and stuff oh what a cushy number what a way
521. the news that morning and obviously with it not being on the mark scheme i didn ' t get anything for it but i ' m wise to that now i just stick to that that ' s not education that ' s just sort of regurgitating well at the this level they they don ' t really care if you think about the kind of people that write the exams or of that they ' ll all
523. being published in paris and so mm she er was going backwards and forwards and er she was doing a job i think also i dunno if it was in college but it was something to do with education anyway erm and er she went over to paris and she came back absolutely knackered and i said what on earth? you know oh she said there was a manif i said what? she
524. okay this is part two of our discussion this is more about education et cetera and strategic erm direction with that okay fire away erm so we were talking about erm the context of of trying to find a strategic direction where innovators are heading and seeing
525. focus purely on english for this pilot project selected british council learning resources including videos and songs stories grammar activities from the learnenglish kids website have been uploaded to a cloud server the teachers using their nokia education delivery software already installed in nokia smartphones can download the teaching resources to smartphones using the 3g network they then connect them to the tvs or data projectors and display the materials as teaching aids
526. ' m listening okay with the power of mobile technology students can now explore state - of - the - art educational programmes regardless of their school ' s location internet access or academic resource budget head of primary education at the ho chi minh city department of education said at the launch this project promises to bring an effective tool to help schools in poorer areas where they can implement the digital english teaching method more effectively with the
527. technology students can now explore state - of - the - art educational programmes regardless of their school ' s location internet access or academic resource budget head of primary education at the ho chi minh city department of education said at the launch this project promises to bring an effective tool to help schools in poorer areas where they can implement the digital english teaching method more effectively with the help of technology to digitise lessons i believe
528. of covering subjects such as maths and science as in the philippines and other countries the vietnam pilot project will focus only on teaching english in primary schools this approach fits in to vietnam ' s ministry of education and training plan to implement ict and digital learning resources as part of the english twenty twenty strategy so you ' ve got a few years there then to upgrade the teaching and learning of english across primary and secondary
529. ' ve got a few years there then to upgrade the teaching and learning of english across primary and secondary levels furthermore since two thousand the ministry has been placing ict on reform agenda as both an object of education and an innovating teaching methodology an important pedagogical tool from two thousand two thousand and seven vietnam moved up fifteen places in a worldwide list of ict development putting it among the top ten developing
530. to this project in the past ten years the british council vietnam has trained nearly eight thousand english teachers face - to - face and over two hundred and fifteen thousand teachers indirectly furthermore taking advantage of the nokia education delivery platform the world - renowned learning english and teaching english resources of the british council will have a huge potential to be shared among hundreds of thousands of vietnamese children living in remote and disadvantaged areas across vietnam the
531. business teachers and retirees and both that ' s another one retirees we haven ' t heard that one before and both rural and ur er urban residents yeah this needs r their needs range wildly from education to career development and to social requirements and in order to help them learn what are the we at the british council of high quality english learning materials through an increasing number of chanuals channels called including including
532. yeah can i just finish off the needs that okay yeah that ' s the end of it erm but you did say that their needs were something specific oh sorry so yeah their needs range wildly from education to career development so that ' s not just about erm teaching engli er teaching chinese teachers how to teach english it ' s actually about saying business career development if you learn english if you learn english
533. ve picked up on a particular thing out of out of a gazette that that demonstrates something well only cos you asked me before you went to the shop can you talk llet ' s talk about education yes and if you ' d asked me to talk about something else i would ' ve done the same thing mm er y er which is valuable so erm how does that help us also understand w so
534. would rather research in context of looking to build some kind of business stream? so you ' re asking me is there another area other than english language another english you know is there another industry? or education related you know no look i ' m in the business of education if anybody asks me to do anything i would never go outside of the the the the the business of education i think what you ' re
535. stream? so you ' re asking me is there another area other than english language another english you know is there another industry? or education related you know no look i ' m in the business of education if anybody asks me to do anything i would never go outside of the the the the the business of education i think what you ' re asking me is is that are you just looking at the english language
536. there another industry? or education related you know no look i ' m in the business of education if anybody asks me to do anything i would never go outside of the the the the the business of education i think what you ' re asking me is is that are you just looking at the english language education? or are you interested in other aspects of education? yes exactly yeah in context of business if we
537. anybody asks me to do anything i would never go outside of the the the the the business of education i think what you ' re asking me is is that are you just looking at the english language education? or are you interested in other aspects of education? yes exactly yeah in context of business if we what we talked about was if if we try and kind of er have a vision of what we we
538. outside of the the the the the business of education i think what you ' re asking me is is that are you just looking at the english language education? or are you interested in other aspects of education? yes exactly yeah in context of business if we what we talked about was if if we try and kind of er have a vision of what we we might maybe do we don ' t know yeah?
540. point over time so here at the moment you ' re at and then we might consider that over time you ' re at plus we ' ll call it b for business yeah? or e for more education plus e yeah you know? b plus e yeah? yeah well you ' re at the moment you ' re plus e yeah yeah? okay? so you ' re er you ' re doing both of
544. up? i might have made that up as well though to be fair anything ' s possible right so now we can either choose well any of the any of the above really any of those um bad education has also got gabriel garcia bernal in it who ' s so is that who you like? pretty that ' s the pretty one mm okay so we could give that one a go dick van dyke?
545. do oh so it you said it ' s a nigerian charity? well a zimbab zimbabwe zimbabwe? yeah oh gosh sorry and then and like erm it helps women and children in education oh really? oh that ' s brilliant yeah and have you seen like their website and everything? yeah they like recently got like a grant where erm which gave them loads of money for this new website
546. right because just cos she said she didn ' t llike it she can ' t do that i know i mean she ' s they ' re not really gonna have well it is called physical education and you ' re not really gonna have as much fitness mm if you don ' t do pe no you would have thought their parents would kind of encourage that more because did loads of sports and he '
551. idea from the first sentence of each item bold face words may help you oh okay so the first three tests these attempts? no er failures? first f yeah unsuccessful yeah okay the government believes that the education system is weak these views views okay attitudes? can you not have attitudes? these views these attitudes? erm this is where it gets stupid cos in the first class they ' re you ' re
554. have you lived there? more than i can remember so i think it ' s about nineteen do you speak any languages other than your mother tongue? ho ho ho ho ho nope gcse french education education education education education education education education does is that meant to say undergraduate? no it ' s like saying do you have a graduate degree? but you don ' t so oh okay don ' t oh
555. you lived there? more than i can remember so i think it ' s about nineteen do you speak any languages other than your mother tongue? ho ho ho ho ho nope gcse french education education education education education education education education does is that meant to say undergraduate? no it ' s like saying do you have a graduate degree? but you don ' t so oh okay don ' t oh right
556. lived there? more than i can remember so i think it ' s about nineteen do you speak any languages other than your mother tongue? ho ho ho ho ho nope gcse french education education education education education education education education does is that meant to say undergraduate? no it ' s like saying do you have a graduate degree? but you don ' t so oh okay don ' t oh right okay
557. there? more than i can remember so i think it ' s about nineteen do you speak any languages other than your mother tongue? ho ho ho ho ho nope gcse french education education education education education education education education does is that meant to say undergraduate? no it ' s like saying do you have a graduate degree? but you don ' t so oh okay don ' t oh right okay yeah
558. ? more than i can remember so i think it ' s about nineteen do you speak any languages other than your mother tongue? ho ho ho ho ho nope gcse french education education education education education education education education does is that meant to say undergraduate? no it ' s like saying do you have a graduate degree? but you don ' t so oh okay don ' t oh right okay yeah i
559. more than i can remember so i think it ' s about nineteen do you speak any languages other than your mother tongue? ho ho ho ho ho nope gcse french education education education education education education education education does is that meant to say undergraduate? no it ' s like saying do you have a graduate degree? but you don ' t so oh okay don ' t oh right okay yeah i think
560. than i can remember so i think it ' s about nineteen do you speak any languages other than your mother tongue? ho ho ho ho ho nope gcse french education education education education education education education education does is that meant to say undergraduate? no it ' s like saying do you have a graduate degree? but you don ' t so oh okay don ' t oh right okay yeah i think it
561. i can remember so i think it ' s about nineteen do you speak any languages other than your mother tongue? ho ho ho ho ho nope gcse french education education education education education education education education does is that meant to say undergraduate? no it ' s like saying do you have a graduate degree? but you don ' t so oh okay don ' t oh right okay yeah i think it '
565. really shit they only get really great if they ' re all of the middle ground they all get fifty - sixty percent er doesn ' t make any difference well yeah no cos that ' s all education is it ' s just a money making scheme there ' s too much impetus on the teachers i think i ' d say ninety percent of it comes down to the student ' s motivation no but i i
568. transition which is working towards this and creating something different you know and if you put it in context of the bigger picture which er could be like you were talking about the idea of of the way the education market is working et cetera that one way to learn about how to do something is to talk to people who have already done it or are doing it and if you come across enough of them you '
569. you get as face to face with someone telling you the rest of the time you go off and do it all on your own that ' s at that ' s actually the landscape now of borrowing in education is you don ' t get a lot of face to face time you get you know so you ' re saying oouout of let ' s say what ' s a full time twenty - five hours
574. t even know why she ' s in preliminary year she sho she shouldn ' t be doing it should just go straight into university mm as someone who ' s had at least a a solid background in education like we would you do your a levels you go to university you don ' t have to do preliminary year if you don ' t want to no unless you ' ve got really really bad grades mm mm
575. s old style mooc yes that ' s not where we ' re going we ' re going further much further than that we ' re gonna go into the realm of edu - tainment education plus tainment gets the punters to part with their money mm so even if the universities won ' t touch it with a bargepole because it ' s too ooh it ' s left of

