Cluster 1
0. fall that way which means i am actually thinking about the potential possibility of maybe winning y y you understand that none of that is true if you see what i mean well like l analysing historical data for numbers etcetera for the lottery doesn ' t actually do anything yeah but they do bunch up they don ' t they don ' t fall like one in the zero column one in the ones twenties
1. there is just a constant stream of sounds well voice recognition has got quite far yeah it has i mean it could pick out a word out of a sentence and then if it just looks through all the data that it ' s accumulated looking for that word and then finding all the variations of it could improve its accuracy is your six - pack like that? but perhaps they ' re getting the information to find the
2. he stays with you mm yeah that ' s exactly it and then it kind of makes it difficult to record when he ' s there i wanna come i know you wanna come do they need like child data? no actually you ' re not meant to record anyone that ' s less than eighteen and i have to get my mother to write consent for him but in general they don ' t want people but i
3. send it to them alright so it ' s easy that ' s why i ' m doing it yeah so they ' re asking you to do the study for them? no i ' m doing the data collection i ' m helping the data collection yeah i ' m not doing anything else they they get asking loads of people to do it erm i guess they can ' t go into random people ' s
4. ' s easy that ' s why i ' m doing it yeah so they ' re asking you to do the study for them? no i ' m doing the data collection i ' m helping the data collection yeah i ' m not doing anything else they they get asking loads of people to do it erm i guess they can ' t go into random people ' s houses and say can we record your
9. ##m the ultrasound thing is a bit of a fail erm yeah did it feel like a waste of your afternoon? yeah he didn ' t even he didn ' t even look at the right like data if that makes sense why was he a dick then? what happened? oh he just walked in stuck his bum drawer out bit of a not really giving a shit like like the space erm what else
11. it be the performance of the shop in the last six months or mm you know undertake to do a survey of their customers or and and for the first time they really understand firsthand you know what data is how you ' ve got to organise it true and make sense of it and true never mind true the gathering of it that ' s right you know erm the kind of so it ' s very
12. the gathering of it that ' s right you know erm the kind of so it ' s very good for them unless they are going to be reading frontline research papers they may never come across data mm in its comparatively not raw but you know yeah doing in somebody doing something with it as opposed to textbooks and simply rereading mm i think that ' s and digesting it i think that '
13. something that the probation service prison service and police don ' t often have and that is an ability no that ' s true to handle that ' s true quantitative that ' s true and qualitative data that ' s true because the police don ' t that ' s true the nor police would normally outsource it or exactly so that ' s right or they ' ve got civilian employees that ' s
15. that ' s what i was going to ask mm so there is a huge amount of effort that goes into actually advertising it marketing it internally to students and selling them the benefits because we have plenty of data to show that if you use your career service you ' re going to do better mm yeah yeah but whether that ' s because the people who would do better tend to but i don ' t know er
16. like careers fairs and so on erm yes so i mean going back to the do you keep in touch? erm the gove it ' s a government requirement that erm we collect destination data for all of them and that ' s a responsibility that ' s always delegated to careers services so you have teams on the phone over a period of five or six weeks in the mm usually february march
19. on according to this mm mm it ' s not really tel i ' ll find it somewhere but i ' m not sure erm google maps would tell me but that might be quite heavy on the data it uses er no cos then is the idea that we look for the number on a? oh oh yeah so i can keep my eyes peeled for the road number road number don ' t worry if
22. that as a scientific experiment you c to see if that actually helps sort of really loosens it beforehand you ' d have to do an awful lar l large sample size to get get er meaningful data you ' d need five on each true oh yeah but s still for a small how are we going this slowly? if it wasn ' t dark and unlit i ' d be overtaking know what
23. one erm but you know right erm but yeah just because we can ' t record people without them knowing or without them giving their consent it ' s just you know really complicated even though the data is well i mean apart from the person recording the data yeah it ' s completely anonymous isn ' t it? yes erm but we erm you you ' re just not allowed to record people without
24. just because we can ' t record people without them knowing or without them giving their consent it ' s just you know really complicated even though the data is well i mean apart from the person recording the data yeah it ' s completely anonymous isn ' t it? yes erm but we erm you you ' re just not allowed to record people without them knowing and also it ' s useful to have things
25. it oh okay oh dear you ' ll have to stop pause it and start it again mm oh you can pause it can you? yeah but it won ' t it won ' t be very good data if you pause it and start again yeah unless there ' s a silence yeah it ' s yeah that ' s good unless there ' s a random silence just a bit of a bit of it looks like
28. tie it with the conclusion yeah and that ' s what the yeah yeah you ' ve really got to know how to write one yeah rather than the actual research yeah yeah i mean the manipulation of the data it just drives me mad you can do anything with it yeah well that ' s what that ' s what i was surprised about with just just make it a log value oh look now it looks better now
29. those? those points which are far far away from everybody el from the normality or something? mm oh i ' ve forgotten the name of them yeah oh we can ' t use that piece of data we ' re we ' ll just take it out of the equation oh yeah yeah even though it was somebody ' s opinion somewhere or it ' s something that happened somewhere well exactly that ' s why all
30. research agency and they know you know what i mean? even if they don ' t make it explicitly what they have to find the research agency knows what they want to find and they can massage the data in any way they want to oh yeah yeah they know what they have to find yeah yeah yeah remember that and the same applies to like government agencies or whoever remember like part of our part of our masters
31. yeah yeah they know what they have to find yeah yeah yeah remember that and the same applies to like government agencies or whoever remember like part of our part of our masters was how can you manipulate this data? yeah and everybody came out with different ideas but it wasn ' t what you came out with that was the what you got the marks for it was how you did it and how you wrote it up
32. it was how you did it and how you wrote it up and how you explained your actions of how but everybody have you got any mints? everybody erm everybody manipula massaged the data in different ways mm and they came out all different directions but everybody who did a good job in writing it up and explaining what they did and why they did it got erm a ' s or whatever
36. or chosen not it the thing is cos he ' s not completely but is a bit of a one he ' s not completely like he un but he said he said have you not seen the data? the earth is for all the years the earth has warmed up and then cooled down warmed up cooled down warmed up cooled down he ' s like i ' m not denying that the earth ' s not
37. ' s like another like climate change denier and i was just like great i ' m just going to sit here but i ' m not sure if it was a good argument because i guess the data that we know from is is over millions and millions of yeah yeah that when it ' s happened in fifty we don ' t have that position to know what happened back then yeah yeah exactly yeah and it
39. ? cos i was thinking it can sign out yeah i couldn ' t work that out cos is it going to carry on using my data? no it won ' t carry on using your data it won ' t carry on using my data okay but you can sign out on it i couldn ' t even work out how to sign out i was looking and i i ' ll show you oh thanks
40. out yeah i couldn ' t work that out cos is it going to carry on using my data? no it won ' t carry on using your data it won ' t carry on using my data okay but you can sign out on it i couldn ' t even work out how to sign out i was looking and i i ' ll show you oh thanks dad oh lovely oh this is so yummy
42. a hpi check now oh yes so that they ' re not hire purchase so that they ' re not? no it ' s the check on that ' s oh on all this company collects all data from all different places to check for things like has it been in an accident? has it been mm ah er has the mileage been clocked? and all that kinda stuff and just quite a few
43. ' s you know awful statistics and and erm and of course you have to you know when you when you will have that you do have to do a bit of reality check that actually all this data doesn ' t relate to you know the past and how things were and it probably is improving all the time erm and you know the sort of there are other factors in that yeah like the age of
44. and i can ' t remember which particular erm sect or want of a better word it it was but the women you you you you would be doing their record thing right? you ' re doing data thing collection and the woman would say her name is whatever cors but her husband is something patel and i ' m probably got that totally wrong right in terms of ethnicity mm and whatever erm and you
45. of yeah stuff and the erm the people who run it have been researching this stuff for nearly twenty thirty years or something and they set up a particular laboratory at mit and er masses and masses of data so they ' re presenting this stuff they ' ve written their own books and they share some of their their books i started reading it yesterday and one of the guys is german another guy is american and they
46. you and be like what the hell? if people if people are clear it should be satisfactory do it again can you edit this out? i could but mm but that might mean unreliable results disrupt the data yeah cos it ' s not a natural conversation but it ' d be it ' s be weird it ' d like cut if i edited it up i ' d just leave it yeah it ' s
47. snow ' s coming down no they didn ' t they said you could talk about anything they gave they gave you a list we should talk about the ethics of recording they they they the ethics of a data collection they gave you erm they gave like a list of potential conversation topics if you feel like the conversation ' s gonna run a bit dry here are some conversation topics what so you have to like try
50. ' ve got a spare one anyway it lasted two years too so that ' s that ' s a good thing yeah i know if i that ' ll why would you want to not possible to recover data you ' ve lost that ' s just someone who ' s obviously like deleted everything and yeah just been an idiot and then decided to leave a review yeah i don ' t like that it died exactly two
52. seems waste of money so what do you pay at the moment like sixteen pound no i think i ' m being it always works out about twenty - one pound a month and i usually go over my data by a little bit so it might cost me like two pound in data but it ' s always the same like twenty - four yeah say an average of twenty - four pounds a month so was the twenty
53. pound no i think i ' m being it always works out about twenty - one pound a month and i usually go over my data by a little bit so it might cost me like two pound in data but it ' s always the same like twenty - four yeah say an average of twenty - four pounds a month so was the twenty - four pound one they offered was with a gig of no it was
58. just make it really broad and just literally just chat about the balkans but i should like i need to have a focus title and i need to erm you know have an aim and analyse some data and all that so why did you choose the balkans? erm suggested it and basically it was gonna be on poverty in general yeah then it made sense to choose a specific areas cos poverty ' s
59. erm suggested it and basically it was gonna be on poverty in general yeah then it made sense to choose a specific areas cos poverty ' s so massive and there ' s likely to be more data and there there is data on poverty in the western balkans so i should focus on just that erm but yeah and then she suggested it and i ' m kind of doing it in history so and then
60. basically it was gonna be on poverty in general yeah then it made sense to choose a specific areas cos poverty ' s so massive and there ' s likely to be more data and there there is data on poverty in the western balkans so i should focus on just that erm but yeah and then she suggested it and i ' m kind of doing it in history so and then then we ' re going
68. really helped us out she ' s been doing a lot of analysis today this was her wednesday off bless her erm and er yeah but it ' s turned out we ' ve lost a lot of data oh which is a real pain basically i figured there was possibly a paper in some of the quite unique data we had but they don ' t have anything up until the crash mm only post - crash data
69. erm and er yeah but it ' s turned out we ' ve lost a lot of data oh which is a real pain basically i figured there was possibly a paper in some of the quite unique data we had but they don ' t have anything up until the crash mm only post - crash data which is a real pain i mean we ' ve got all the other data apparently were there some people that
70. oh which is a real pain basically i figured there was possibly a paper in some of the quite unique data we had but they don ' t have anything up until the crash mm only post - crash data which is a real pain i mean we ' ve got all the other data apparently were there some people that joined after the crash or something? yeah yeah yeah there w there were so we still have some
71. some of the quite unique data we had but they don ' t have anything up until the crash mm only post - crash data which is a real pain i mean we ' ve got all the other data apparently were there some people that joined after the crash or something? yeah yeah yeah there w there were so we still have some data and we ' ve still got data from the first study yeah just yeah
72. is a real pain i mean we ' ve got all the other data apparently were there some people that joined after the crash or something? yeah yeah yeah there w there were so we still have some data and we ' ve still got data from the first study yeah just yeah which is safe but it ' s just a real shame cos also it means that there ' ll be incomplete data for some people
73. ' ve got all the other data apparently were there some people that joined after the crash or something? yeah yeah yeah there w there were so we still have some data and we ' ve still got data from the first study yeah just yeah which is safe but it ' s just a real shame cos also it means that there ' ll be incomplete data for some people so it ' s just you know
74. have some data and we ' ve still got data from the first study yeah just yeah which is safe but it ' s just a real shame cos also it means that there ' ll be incomplete data for some people so it ' s just you know it ' s just it ' s amateurish isn ' t it? yeah i d i don ' t i d really don ' t understand what was
75. but i said it ' s more likely to be a three and he went it shouldn ' t be a three did he? mm that it shouldn ' t be a three oh looking at all the data and whatever cos they get to look at the data and stuff yeah and if you ' re an ofsted inspector you ' re you have the password to to get online to see where it is yeah
76. three and he went it shouldn ' t be a three did he? mm that it shouldn ' t be a three oh looking at all the data and whatever cos they get to look at the data and stuff yeah and if you ' re an ofsted inspector you ' re you have the password to to get online to see where it is yeah online and stuff like that to see yeah data and stuff
78. to get online to see where it is yeah online and stuff like that to see yeah data and stuff so we i know for a fact he would have looked at yeah cos he would the the data of yeah the school or whatever i said but you know mm so w thursday well tuesday we ' ll be able to you know see what happens on tuesday cos that ' s when supposedly we ' re
80. as well like yeah uh to do that to do them two things at the same time yeah um a lot of work you already had quite a lot of it done uh before in terms of uh the data and everything yeah that ' s true d ' you think we should put the what ' s in that pan in that in that bigger pa like that pan with the lid? yeah yeah that ' s what
82. ' t we have this discussion with where is it what is it open or closed research questions? open yeah and then what would you do with that? cos i is that quantifiable data? well i suppose not well i suppose this is it it ' s not isn ' t it it ' s put a quanti quala quantity in in boxes it it it it yeah it would so
83. back that ' s very true on a bit of social commentary mm and look back to what the british public sounded like and what they spoke about in the year 2014 you will be a part of that data mm you will be archived forever in time regardless of it ' s quite an exciting prospect isn ' t it? mm yeah regardless of whatever else you do in the rest of your life you will be marked
85. other competitive firms it might connect up the fact that somebody over here is married to somebody down there things that you don ' t see on a day to day basis yeah if you ingest all the data and start kinda shuffling everything around and throw it back it it starts making connections which is really exciting yeah so cos there ' s a lot of that i bet that goes on in the in in er
86. so to speak do you want another beer? oh no i ' m fine thanks i ' ve still got some left erm and erm i i erm work for the british national corpus collecting data erm and recording stuff with people talking so me and ' ll have conversations and we ' ll record them and send them off to erm the person who ' s head of this project yeah and what
87. that like how language is used and what it ' s used for in what way yeah stuff like that so that ' s sort of a similar thing and it ' s yeah just collecting a lot of data and then finding out it ' s what you do with the data after you ' ve collected it really is the key thing and you know people have now are catching on to the fact that there ' s
88. in what way yeah stuff like that so that ' s sort of a similar thing and it ' s yeah just collecting a lot of data and then finding out it ' s what you do with the data after you ' ve collected it really is the key thing and you know people have now are catching on to the fact that there ' s so much information out there if you can harness it you know you
89. and they end up with lots of databases of information no one ever gets the big picture and if they do it takes them months of management time yeah and a lot of organisation a lot of staff pulling data out and sticking it into spreadsheets and things like that so nobody really has a view what ' s going on across the company and they might have clients in here and clients over there and they '
90. so there ' s so much more we can do and i think every sort of five or six years something new comes up in technology which that allows it kind of blows everybody away and you know big data is the big thing at the moment it ' s a the buzzword it is er it ' s quite interesting actually now that i ' ve updated my er linkedin profile where i talk about big data
91. is the big thing at the moment it ' s a the buzzword it is er it ' s quite interesting actually now that i ' ve updated my er linkedin profile where i talk about big data and smart data i get a lot more people enquiring on my my my linkedin profile that mm are not related to what i ' m doing in my day to day job so i think that
92. thing at the moment it ' s a the buzzword it is er it ' s quite interesting actually now that i ' ve updated my er linkedin profile where i talk about big data and smart data i get a lot more people enquiring on my my my linkedin profile that mm are not related to what i ' m doing in my day to day job so i think that mm if you
93. you ' re an english speaking person it ' s easy because they know nothing about it but a lot of what i do is erm or what i will be doing in my second year is collecting data and researching it mm analysing it and then breaking it down into an essay or into a research project stuff like that and i think well a lot comes out of the universities a lot of what industry
94. first place oh that ' s not what i was gonna say can be extrapolated to different screen sizes within the same model range due to otherwise identical specifications yeah extrapolation is is using the data you ' ve got to get other data well extrapolating oh right is like taking and teasing out information extrapolate data yeah take something out yeah we ' ve got a different definition to you dad
95. i was gonna say can be extrapolated to different screen sizes within the same model range due to otherwise identical specifications yeah extrapolation is is using the data you ' ve got to get other data well extrapolating oh right is like taking and teasing out information extrapolate data yeah take something out yeah we ' ve got a different definition to you dad yes? we thought it was like if
96. range due to otherwise identical specifications yeah extrapolation is is using the data you ' ve got to get other data well extrapolating oh right is like taking and teasing out information extrapolate data yeah take something out yeah we ' ve got a different definition to you dad yes? we thought it was like if you extrapolate data you sort of take a like a mass of data and you
97. right is like taking and teasing out information extrapolate data yeah take something out yeah we ' ve got a different definition to you dad yes? we thought it was like if you extrapolate data you sort of take a like a mass of data and you l tease out the important bit oh you erm tease out the bits you need for the purpose that you ' re that you ' re looking
98. ##ate data yeah take something out yeah we ' ve got a different definition to you dad yes? we thought it was like if you extrapolate data you sort of take a like a mass of data and you l tease out the important bit oh you erm tease out the bits you need for the purpose that you ' re that you ' re looking at it erm yeah okay because we we u
99. we we u er some of the equipment we had we had to get working on when we were doing the er we had to erm use extrapolation we had reams and reams of data yeah that ' s what i and then we erm from that we could say well we want something to represent between the hours of twelve and one erm so we ' d look at a different data
100. yeah that ' s what i and then we erm from that we could say well we want something to represent between the hours of twelve and one erm so we ' d look at a different data and then say it ' s somewhere in that region so you can fill in the sort of meaningful yeah blank does that make sense? or is that a bit? yeah well you can have one of my
102. ? is she actually likely to get in at ten past six? that ' s what time the train ' s due right mm but is that er is that like by the timetable or by the current data? by by the time well by the current data as she ' s looking at it on her phone they ' re usually pretty good if they ' re running from aren ' t they? yeah it '
103. past six? that ' s what time the train ' s due right mm but is that er is that like by the timetable or by the current data? by by the time well by the current data as she ' s looking at it on her phone they ' re usually pretty good if they ' re running from aren ' t they? yeah it ' s never usually delayed between and was was ' s
105. know and work really you know a paid job should come after all of those which is very easily said i know that mm are you still doing work for? yeah mm mm gonna start looking at the data yeah so didn ' t get a reply back but yeah oh that ' s nice erm yes yeah i did that i just put two and two together and got to erm oh okay erm okay
109. of course not cos if you did you ' d expect more than that but i did do it at the time where i asked her another favour oh no i asked her about some extracting some data erm and er she ' s she ' s already got on to it oh wow she you know i re i was literally sounding her out cos i needed to it ' s for a conference next
110. ' ll be an author on the second paper and then if we do a paper out of this extra little analysis she ' s doing then you know i don ' t think there ' ll be enough data actually to publish it but anyway well it ' s a start is the other thing dead in the water? the erm moods thing? i still need to get data from australia yeah yeah and that said
111. think there ' ll be enough data actually to publish it but anyway well it ' s a start is the other thing dead in the water? the erm moods thing? i still need to get data from australia yeah yeah and that said i i have got it on my task list yeah i just need to ask to do it yeah but erm yeah well it ' s not like you ' re not
112. it means and stuff and he he was he wasn ' t sort of erm making out like it was a waste of time he was proposing how else to look at it and what other kind of data and whereabouts yeah yeah this activity could vary according to geogrgeography so it was quite you know he didn ' t laugh at me yeah yeah yeah not not dead in the water no no no that
113. how long it takes to get a curric a unit into curriculum mm and validated yeah and accredited so it is quite potentially it ' s it ' s it ' s possible that the the data that you taught is just out of date right and the idea though is that a university system should be flexible enough to allow people to to look at the coalface and look at what is up to date
115. what kind of things are you doing in linguistics study? just general elt style stuff really sorry i don ' t know it ' s just a bank of building up a bank of um data that they can just use in the future so is it searching out seeing what kind of words people use? or how they use words or? how they well yeah how how you use words or kind of
117. s supposed to be mm mm god actually you know erm here? so like this is going to be hard to describe mm what are you talking about? it ' s too much like kind of data and information what was that thing about living longer though? that looked interesting things that affect living longer life quitting smoking and things like that mm god oh my god these are like common mis common miscon
118. imagine one thing that i have been doing is erm is using a software called spss which is erm a statistical software to do the different types of texts and oh yeah erm using processing data and that type of thing oh right mm mm you ' re getting above us er inc in incidentally i nearly brought my kodak printer back uhu yes because printer right i got so far ' s
121. she did it she didn ' t get paid for it and then no i ' m thinking maybe if they do like a erm some sort of internship for transcriptio transcribing or like data collection and stuff like that i ' d be more than happy to do that yeah cos i find erm transcribing stuff really interesting i really enjoy it yeah enjoyed it but she never got
122. a nou add a zero on seven hundred and twenty no? oh i dunno babe god it ' s just doing my head in no but um i think you ' ve got all the raw data there that he ' ll need to be able to do the but this isn ' t including vat i just haven ' t had time to and the only other thing the only things i need to do
123. that would be easier for your dad in fact we could work this out i could do this today yeah but i mean he do you know how to f er make formulas for different columns of er of data? no you see my dad ' s brilliant at stuff like that is he? or what what we could do well i could shall i um what we could do is do it with him so he can
125. i don ' t use the wifi on there doesn ' t fucking work anyway everyone just uses data yeah i know fuck ' s sake well actually i don ' t because once i used so much data that i like incurred about like a hundred pounds yeah yeah but i just text people if i need to communicate with them like so i have to get social media yeah i know the bus journey ' s gonna
126. a table of kind of estimated kind of earnings and stuff and i said well ha you know have you got this because it sseems and i was like er basically it ' s based on historical data but now i ' ve kind of look at it a bit more i kind of think maybe erm maybe it ' s actually it ' s a little bit it ' s it ' s easier it '
128. i read a lot of crap on it and i watch a lot of yoga videos no i ' m talking about documents here lots of pdfs papers like journal papers yeah cos i have all my data in in in in digital files you know i know but it ' s not it ' s not a good way to store them either i mean y now there ' s a drive and you can store things
129. of course but what kind of details? well just you know your name the and and your signature to say that i ' ve allowed i ' ve allowed erm you know you agree to this sensitive data being analysed yeah but not to be published? no yeah just some little academic person is just gonna look over it er yeah it ' s no yes then do you want a pen? mm hm
130. genetic erm information mm so all this information ' s been gathered but unfortunately yeah i ' m not gonna profit you know and and it ' s not gonna help but did did they give you your data? no no no so it you d you can ' t use it for any personal thing but they ' ve mapped my genes they ' ve done everything so it they they ' ve ddone had loads
131. you can ' t use it for any personal thing but they ' ve mapped my genes they ' ve done everything so it they they ' ve ddone had loads of testing done of stuff loads of data ' s gathered and every now and again i do another thing oh okay er they do everything all sorts of things oh and then they will map presumably your erm over your lifetime er and y and you
132. study which will then group people according to whatever genetic things they have in common or alcohol consumption you know lifestyle factors and other factors genetic factors and then they will e no doubt extract some amazing kind of data out of it in terms of you know modern how modern lifestyles influence health or you know longevity or genetic flaws or it ' s ggonna be really interesting yeah but what ' s the point if
133. know modern how modern lifestyles influence health or you know longevity or genetic flaws or it ' s ggonna be really interesting yeah but what ' s the point if you don ' t get those data? cos it ' s not a personal thing it ' s part of a huge research exercise yeah so you ' re just contributing to kind of erm the m like model model organism of of your
135. degree so she helped her with hers yeah yeah that ' s really good like so maybe more yeah and my sister did dance but she did like a she had to do like her own like own like data clip or whatever you call it like she had to find out her own results from her hypothesis and stuff so she was able her able to help her so your younger sister she ' s how she ' s
138. at the time like you obviously know what you ' re talking about yeah you need context it ' s really peculiar yeah but it ' s really interesting to do what are you actually gonna do with the data? we are just gonna add it to the yeah our corpus that we ' ve got already yeah do you i don ' t know if you need i i know like bits of it but like is it
139. university yeah erm i think i spoke about it briefly with in the last class mm erm and they ' re just collecting i was listening i promise they ' re just collecting as m as much data as they could they had like er a written one before but now they need a spoken one what? so people can see what different dialects are like yeah oh okay so they ' ll go what does somebody
140. it was like a technically specific word or something erm but kind of the process of transcribing is supposed to kind of like when you start to think about what is erm in the data which is significant so when people say the same things or whatever or similar things mm really good so there you go so i ' ve just been looking at ' s cas thing he ' s got this like
141. m trying to tell you something and the other thing at this thing anyway they said with four credit card transactions they could identify you did you get that that? that i think it was four pieces of data surrounding a credit card transaction okay that they would literally be able to find you yeah not yeah y so so knowing this is somebody who ' s shopping they ' d be able to find okay your house not
142. thing i don ' t think it was they could find you online i think it was that yeah er you know somebody buy yeah if the person buys milk the at night yeah they take a set of data and compare it with other databases and see where it overlaps mm yeah but anyone can do that if they had all the data well the point is you need the data to do like all the data we
143. if the person buys milk the at night yeah they take a set of data and compare it with other databases and see where it overlaps mm yeah but anyone can do that if they had all the data well the point is you need the data to do like all the data we do have all the data most of this yeah is an open database this oh you ' re right the yeah the supermarket yeah doesn
144. yeah they take a set of data and compare it with other databases and see where it overlaps mm yeah but anyone can do that if they had all the data well the point is you need the data to do like all the data we do have all the data most of this yeah is an open database this oh you ' re right the yeah the supermarket yeah doesn ' t doesn ' t it so and
145. data and compare it with other databases and see where it overlaps mm yeah but anyone can do that if they had all the data well the point is you need the data to do like all the data we do have all the data most of this yeah is an open database this oh you ' re right the yeah the supermarket yeah doesn ' t doesn ' t it so and they also have these two lists
146. databases and see where it overlaps mm yeah but anyone can do that if they had all the data well the point is you need the data to do like all the data we do have all the data most of this yeah is an open database this oh you ' re right the yeah the supermarket yeah doesn ' t doesn ' t it so and they also have these two lists of like things that basically clever
147. course that ' s like a good deal of money right? if you ' re if you just keep it on can you do that? people tried it on right right and it skewed the data so the project managers and the lead researchers went whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa yeah okay we have to rethink this now so they limited it to sixty hours per person which is a cap right it '
148. s about erm english language teaching and about erm idiom and the corpus is a way of er of seeing what the current language really is mm and because computers can manage huge huge piles of data you can you can collect all of this stuff erm and just just see p how people are talking or you you can analyse the whole range of different aspects of of language mm they ' ve been
149. we need about fifty hours in a we a month so it ' s quite a quite a high target to get to oh i see so hope that ' s when we ' re hoping to finish to data collection obviously the like the quicker you can collect it the tighter it is now yes language and pedagogy research yes right? mm erm i fell out with the university of over the word pe
151. ##ly powerful a hundred and eighty - three horsepower engine yeah well a proper boy racer car tiny little car and we ' ve just i ' ve just been like taking it apart and like logging loads of data cool um plotting it in matlab and doing analysis and stuff like that so that ' s kind of sounds pretty awesome it ' s quite basic stuff it ' s pretty basic stuff but i ' ve actually
161. cos searching for planets have become a big thing over the last ten years using the analysis like like they can see like ships in front of stars yeah bubbles but these algorithms are such big da big data to kind of find these you know for it ' s fascinating really yeah technically it ' s yeah but like it ' s not that like you know yeah i know no i no astrophysics i know it
162. and processing literature i mean what are you meant to say about that? the different ways in which people find and process literature linguistic evidence argumentation see it ' s all preparing you for a linguistics review data collection yeah i know this is just it ' s blatantly what they ' re gonna do this is just one of two modules preparing you for it i mean that ' s nice cos i have
163. like the oscillation mm so obviously you can relate that to that time period okay cos my period oscillation varies depending on what my size of delta t is and how often i print data yeah okay yeah oh yeah i don ' t know yeah yeah i was gonna do energy and how how that changes with respect to oh delta two yeah that one i think it might s like you don '
165. ' t responded properly mm they just say they ' re investigating but it sounds like probably they don ' t pay their workers in india very much so they got bought out like to oh to farm the data out to somebody else i expect mm somebody just siphoned it off probably for a payment i reckon that ' s what happened mm cos that ' s the same scam but less obvious is when
171. if he ma if he makes us redundant he has to pay our pension up to sixty - six then also the issue i think they ' re gonna find is that you organise the examinations and do the data that ' s why over but over twelve hundred students erm what happens when you go like? aha the problem the problem that there is you see is that he has erm h problem he '
172. follow up based on you know you have bought my product here are some other products that you might like and that kind of stuff yeah yeah now if they ' re amazon ' s customers amazon has that data you will only have that if you have got to ship stuff to them if you don ' t ship stuff to them then how do you get hold of that data? mm i see what do you think
173. amazon ' s customers amazon has that data you will only have that if you have got to ship stuff to them if you don ' t ship stuff to them then how do you get hold of that data? mm i see what do you think of the curry? yeah it is good reliably spicy mm so mm so you who are you expecting tonight then? well tonight we are having a chat about
174. i say codify it is that you can find out how many times somebody goes er you know and okay yeah what they ' ve found out so far from the data collection is that this amazing has been replaced with the word awesome yeah so everyone says awesome awesome awesome yeah yeah i noticed that it ' s horrible all the time it ' s horrible yeah not any but it
176. he ' s almost obsessive about it yes he is yes but i i ' m a something else a marine biologist or something but i help him from time to time with his research or his data collection i think she was trying to say this and oh i see yes yes cos if he is er we ' ve been in touch with him for years but he ' s always been slightly eccentric right
183. it was a oh right yes yes yes that rings a very strong bell yes and it was a it was a typical piece of strategy work where we sat around drawing graphs and looking at the internet for data and deciding how to make people ' s lives better yeah i ' m sure that ri that rings very strong bells but erm i didn ' t know it was called the prime minister i might have called
184. of the yeah we yeah a couple of years ago yeah it was a few years ago yeah but it ' s like such a great book and this land regiregistry still has no aggregated data that ' s amazing it ' s so interesting yeah yeah it ' s really it makes me really depressed it ' s so shit yeah like both on a sort of like wider principle level yeah but also really
187. until next june they need that many recordings so they ' re gonna have thousands of hours of recordings so they they need thousands and thousands of hours basically so can you can someone ask for access to this data or is this? once it ' s published yeah it will be a part of the corpus but as you read in that part the google say can i can i have all this data? cos obviously
188. access to this data or is this? once it ' s published yeah it will be a part of the corpus but as you read in that part the google say can i can i have all this data? cos obviously there ' s a lot of voice automation stuff that ' s been going on mm yeah yeah yeah yeah and will they ask? i think i wondered if this is from what they '
189. meet you we ' ll probably erm need to record again no that ' s no problem i mean you know i i mean i can ' t be a researcher and not erm give away my data no no of course yeah do you know what i mean? so erm and if we can help with any research you ' re doing at any point well oh no i ' ve written the wrong thing
190. for about three or four minutes so then it kind of changes it could be really interesting as well like you could if you could define the areas of topics you could start i mean you have all that data you could see how long topics last and then and then you you probably work out what and you can start thinking about what yeah yeah definitely depending on do topics last longer if there ' s only two speakers
191. yeah yeah have you been there before? yeah i have i have i didn ' t realise well that ' s some the thing i remember from er somebody was trying to get some concept of how much data is involved in having a complete genotype mm and somebody said well you need about a terabyte hard drive to hold it mm so that gives you a pretty good idea how much information is involved rather
194. er and so i ' m just trying to look at the reasons why poverty exists how we can solve it but i don ' t wanna get all into statistics there ' s so many studies and boring data but you should don ' t shouldn ' t you need to know statistics and stuff? yeah yeah so i ' m gonna include statistics on the what should the eu do? because they ' ve done all
196. ##ield merged with co - op oh did they? and safeway merged with morrison ' s or it might be the other way round yes cos we did this class the other day er sort of data description writing and we looked at the big supermarkets five years ago and there were more big supermarkets then now there ' s actually less competition than there was five years ago oh yes it ' s really there '
199. how it works so it ' s erm press have in the corpus that we have we have two billion words that ' s been collected for about twenty - five years and we also collect learner data yes so we can search for example they they get all the exam scripts from university exams from spain all all round the world and then we can find like the top ten errors for example of spanish speakers at
201. usual stuff i guess if you ' ve had participants mm that are people they ' re gonna know the purpose of the research and that you know they will remain anonymous if that ' s what they want data protection erm data stored when it ' s destroyed all that sort of stuff yeah erm the purpose of the research yeah erm the fact that they have a right to withdraw at any stage yeah er
203. own that ' s your own corpus that you made is it? no it ' s my thesis oh thesis itself i thought i might frame it or something as a little reminder ' s the biggest then data then dialect then english then uh construction um eg ' s quite big but they haven ' t got n - grams and if they did there ' d probably be in terms of like about uh you can
210. would do to justify your further research and development is you would actually do erm er a you would do a erm a swot analysis no you would just basically list financial state er st financial data so you ' d go how much is the world market? erm how much is the you know? how much is? so you ' d find out how big your market is and yes how much
214. there ' s no theory involved yeah it ' s basically just reading one book for each language and then the other one is very it ' s an empirical one where i just have to do loads of data so oh yeah that shouldn ' t be too bad it shouldn ' t be too i have to compare it to a theory but it shouldn ' t be too bad it ' s just the sociology one the
215. ' s just like er er erm it ' s lancaster lancaster will you shut up? shut up in pa in partnership with cambridge they ' re just doing like partnership they ' re doing a corpus data of people speaking for a research thing okay so i ' m just getting paid for sending them recordings okay fuck fuck corpus thing will you shut up? will you shut up? you got a text you got
219. and when i put develop this i just when you put here that the email newsletter is an illustration of this maybe it needs another part of the sentence to qualify why so just develop that there ' s data in here that ' s missing that you haven ' t seen that explains it oh okay so i think that wil be okay i ' ll check okay cool and then was there yeah cos that that that

Cluster 2
5. so she said that ' s what it says so i can ' t pay that it is very high she said for your one gig then she looked at she was going to take me down to less data but she goes oh you are only on one gig that ' s low anyway does she know what phone you ' ve got? i said i ' d got a iphone six i told her all this i
6. another twelve months happily that ' s crazy look at that it ' s saying that ' s the amount that ' s going to come out so it ' s saying oh like so a gig left of data so i ' ve not used any i think it refreshed ttoday oh i see oh right okay so oh so it refreshed so it says extra charge nothing but it had it had
7. oh oh yes because you are on a different person mm how much do you pay again? twenty - eight pounds you pay more than me cos you have more erm allowance and you have bigger data allowance yeah i don ' t know how this has happened i think i think it ' s crazy yeah because you it is correct it is are you impressed with that? are we are we mega impressed with
8. really have anything to do with her now but i mean i used to erm but she does she ' ll she ' ll do a proper job i ' m guessing she ' s got all our data in that account so i guess she ' ll yes yeah yeah prompt her i suppose to meet up and to chase that up i would have thought mm she well she should do yeah because it ' s always
10. your admin you ' re at work and blah blah blah and then say oh no we can ' t give it to you because em yeah yeah because of what ' s that stupid law? the data protection act or something yeah but then having said that it ' s probably not their fault but what else? em i ' m not sure i can ' t think of an example now but em what do
14. s erm home secretary mm she erm a lot a a within the remit of her role is intelligence services mm so i thought it was something to do with erm that and sort of data privacy as well as erm maybe imprisonment of a terror suspect as well i think so you know this erm how you can hold people without charging them for a longer period and things like that? which
17. taken down the notices already there was a notice there that was coming across here yeah running up up there on the left - hand side but it ' s probably in the pavement there is erm a data cable really? yeah ah did you put that in? no no we kno we know it ' s there though cos i ' ve seen the erm the droid with all the services marked
18. not quite sure why that is yeah there ' s another school can you go on your phone and find out whwhat the road number is for? i certainly can yeah i can get mobile data yeah like as in a a something something look coppers yeah oh my eh it doesn ' t understand the word have to type it again is it a real main thoroughfare? yeah it is it '
20. eyes peeled for the road number road number don ' t worry if it won ' t come up we ' ll get it on my phone yeah that ' s it i have haven ' t reached my data limit yet yeah oh well me and are on this one pence per megabyte setup where they ' re taking oh you pay for it as pay it as you go or that sort of thing yeah
21. and town city yeah city yeah yeah now then we don ' t know the name of that road yet do we? no we don ' t know i forgot about that okay i better just turn my data off so it ' s not munching it away and as is it on or off at the minute? erm it ' s off at the mo erm city centre er there ' s a
26. engaging with the internet so yeah they ' re taking information off you that ' s why i don ' t like so yeah i get the same with my phone right it ' s always saying you know data will be trans you know data will be shared with this and that and the other yes i don ' t like that it is a bit worrying but i i think you can there ' s a lot of
27. they ' re taking information off you that ' s why i don ' t like so yeah i get the same with my phone right it ' s always saying you know data will be trans you know data will be shared with this and that and the other yes i don ' t like that it is a bit worrying but i i think you can there ' s a lot of things you can click so it
33. loading up m roads or mm let it load up and i ' ll see what it says so how did your how does your price plan work with that phone you ' re using? er is the data just included in your or have you got well i pay seven fifty a month but it ' s but i ' m paying an extra fiver for free internet okay so it ' s eleven pounds twelve fifty
34. been doing it without knowing about it it ' ll cost me a fortune so er actually that ' s the point maybe this phone could ' ve i get two hundred minutes five say megabytes of data which i never use anyway cos i always buy the free internet free to free voice minutes so if i ring someone with the same network as me yeah it ' s f that ' s also it '
35. yeah the ipods can do it as well can ' t they? yeah i think so like er watches all his videos on there yeah he watches youtube everything so providing like i can ' t receive data i can ' t get internet anywhere but if there ' s a wi - fi i can use the wi - fi for free oh right and then it acts like a like a phone i thought that was
38. skype to my phone does skype carry on working? cos i was thinking it can sign out yeah i couldn ' t work that out cos is it going to carry on using my data? no it won ' t carry on using your data it won ' t carry on using my data okay but you can sign out on it i couldn ' t even work out how to sign out i
41. lying who the fuck is to say that? who? wait wait wait shall i pause this or shall i just? but i can ' t even voice mail him cos i don ' t have data i ' ll voicemail but you can do it if you want or will that seem weird actually it might just be like yes i ' m gay twenty eight percent boom i like i like penis i like
48. unlimited then cos it ' s yes not yeah um but you can check mm to see how many minutes you ' ve got left but there ' s always this disclaimer that says um the data might not have been updated for four days mm so you never know no what data you no and it doesn ' t put a time mm dear god that um the dongle i ' ve got for using
49. to see how many minutes you ' ve got left but there ' s always this disclaimer that says um the data might not have been updated for four days mm so you never know no what data you no and it doesn ' t put a time mm dear god that um the dongle i ' ve got for using mm for my laptop when i ' m down at the boat um i got on
51. but when we did it on the laptop that was with wi - fi mm mm mm mm i think they prefer you not to use wi - fi because it does require quite a bit of sort of data energy from the the wireless system and generally it would have to be a ninety percent strength which is maybe yes just a little bit of a high expectation yeah in real life it doesn ' t need to be
54. was with a gig of no it was a four s but that was with a five hundred meg and five hundred minutes is that more than what you get now no i get like something a gig of data and unlimited minutes and i ' m just not used to worrying about how many minutes you use but you just i mean do you make that many phone calls now i do have other friends no i know not
55. ? cos you ' ve got like a lot of experience going yeah she knows what she ' s doing like she is the only person who can use sims she ' s the only person who does data she is the only person who knows how to organise an exam and do like all the data entry sheets for the grades so i ' m not entirely sure what they ' re thinking of doing no but like
56. ' s doing like she is the only person who can use sims she ' s the only person who does data she is the only person who knows how to organise an exam and do like all the data entry sheets for the grades so i ' m not entirely sure what they ' re thinking of doing no but like mum ' s worried that they ' ll make them both redundant and then get them to like
57. on this sort of deal yeah and sh you know got all the literature through oh this is your this is your horse your about fifteen years later i ' m obviously on the my address is on the data base yeah cos every year i get this sort of stuff going inviting me to sponsor a horse yeah mm you know help do you know what? and it ' s still got the same picture of the
61. course you can yeah and i just thought oh this is this is painful this is yeah tick tick tick tick tick yeah tick t tiny s and and that ' s all perfe yeah that ' s data training what we have to have i went have you got our have you got our numbers? d ' you need us to sign any th any bits of paper? and he went no no we ' ve
62. ' ve got i never tried myself no could be easy don ' t you have to connect first? dad roaming is off connect er okay same as you so connection is this one i guess connectivity mobile data cos i was thinking yeah whether i should not swap sims because i will have all this mobile data with that one yeah but not with giffgaff so i have it anyway it doesn ' t
63. dad roaming is off connect er okay same as you so connection is this one i guess connectivity mobile data cos i was thinking yeah whether i should not swap sims because i will have all this mobile data with that one yeah but not with giffgaff so i have it anyway it doesn ' t really matter that i haven ' t got wi - fi but mobile data just takes more battery and stuff
64. will have all this mobile data with that one yeah but not with giffgaff so i have it anyway it doesn ' t really matter that i haven ' t got wi - fi but mobile data just takes more battery and stuff okay so let ' s see oh i ' ve got mobile data well the irony is it ' s you that needs the dual sim and i ' ve got the phone data
65. have it anyway it doesn ' t really matter that i haven ' t got wi - fi but mobile data just takes more battery and stuff okay so let ' s see oh i ' ve got mobile data well the irony is it ' s you that needs the dual sim and i ' ve got the phone data roaming ' s off ah hang on creating a secure connection but i think it is on roaming so
66. just takes more battery and stuff okay so let ' s see oh i ' ve got mobile data well the irony is it ' s you that needs the dual sim and i ' ve got the phone data roaming ' s off ah hang on creating a secure connection but i think it is on roaming so oh maybe not a good idea yeah i would red that ' s not red any more it used to be
67. huge amounts about configurations and all the rest of it it was mm one specific set of rules if you like yeah for setting up these computers building them installing drivers erm and then you know transferring the data from yeah one user ' s computer to another and just making sure it looked as it should do er and a lot of it also was to do with kind of customer interaction you know erm which is
77. the data and stuff yeah and if you ' re an ofsted inspector you ' re you have the password to to get online to see where it is yeah online and stuff like that to see yeah data and stuff so we i know for a fact he would have looked at yeah cos he would the the data of yeah the school or whatever i said but you know mm so w thursday well tuesday we
79. know yeah it is no you you say that though but the sim the the simplicity tari the simplicity tariff is twenty - five pound you get like you get unlimited texts five hundred minutes i think unlimited data which is pretty much the same as a contract isn ' t that only to o2 though or is that the other one? that ' s that ' s for o2 but you can but you know
81. run down within a day? quite quickly yeah not within a day but every er much more than it erm the other one used to well i think cos you don ' t use the background data do you you don ' t don ' t have your emails coming through and stuff like that no i don ' t which runs down the battery no i don ' t check emails on it but i do
84. got or product is this forensic analysis tool and it was developed in south africa for er fraud prevention yeah and now we ' ve got ex coppers that work for us and we ' ve got these data architect types and you know techie really techie people but also that understand erm investigations so i ' ve a real mix of people i find it very exciting actually cos it ' s kind of
101. to sort out how i ' m getting to erm dunno your wi - fi ' s turned off no wonder everything ' s taking forever i tend to keep it off why? i use mobile data well that ' s stupid you stupid man all about the all about the base dad don ' t shoot me with insulin please? no treble so what do we have to get today? from town?
104. signature so you can forge it? or are you just gonna make it up as you go along? no i ' ll just make it up they probably only do know it so they can use the data or something like that it just shows that you ' ve given permission doesn ' t it? if you ' ve gotta reduce the time the only way to make it balanced is either you reduce the scope or
106. ? no right so green underground how deep is the world ' s deepest hole on the kola peninsula in russia? roughly twenty thousand forty thousand or sixty thousand feet? mm well this is a no data area but i wanna go for the no i wanna go twenty thousand forty thousand fuck i was gonna go for forty thousand known as the kola superdeep borehole it is forty thousand two hundred and
107. horribly wrong so i ' m gonna go for a right big old bet there jesus christ is that twenty - five? er well it might be that ' s thirty in computing what type of bus carries data hey one bit at a time? what? in computing what kind of bus carries data one bit at a time did you say? yes a computing bus? no it ' s a serial bus ah wait
108. is that twenty - five? er well it might be that ' s thirty in computing what type of bus carries data hey one bit at a time? what? in computing what kind of bus carries data one bit at a time did you say? yes a computing bus? no it ' s a serial bus ah wait er wait i was thinking i was er wait wait wait i wasn ' t giving the
114. presented as a play yes rather than read in a classroom out of a book yes i think one of the funniest things which erm wasn ' t really a set piece of the erm data production mm was that one of the people were walking down the steps yes erm i think it was the erm the inspector mm was kind of like a a metal erm fence around the house but
116. i would want to use facebook for absolutely yeah yeah um because you just get a mhm wealth of information in one area it ' s a little bit confusing or complicated it can be yeah yeah yeah data overload or information overload yeah yeah yeah i would call it mm but so facebook in a way is faceless isn ' t it well it it ' s n well because it can be are you
119. we ' re the same and you ' re not giving us the credit we ' re the same i have been given a complete job which if i was doing this job as a standalone job yeah as data management a standalone job i would be earning thirty - five thousand pounds a year yeah i ' m doing exams and data management and you ' re on and i ' m twenty twenty twenty twenty - eight twenty
120. a complete job which if i was doing this job as a standalone job yeah as data management a standalone job i would be earning thirty - five thousand pounds a year yeah i ' m doing exams and data management and you ' re on and i ' m twenty twenty twenty twenty - eight twenty - eight and that is what ' s really upset me and it because i can ' t get it sorted out before
124. more because they have wifi i don ' t even nee it just is the most ridiculous thing ever i don ' t use the wifi on there doesn ' t fucking work anyway everyone just uses data yeah i know fuck ' s sake well actually i don ' t because once i used so much data that i like incurred about like a hundred pounds yeah yeah but i just text people if i need to
127. of money by eliminating the kind of manual labour but er er creating er an intelligence you know yeah almost artificial intelligence yeah yeah to erm to to to have this kinda automated system to deal with mass data yeah yeah you know and that ' s more like the longer that ' s the kind of approach we have now in anything any processing but any any don ' t you think though the it industry is kind
134. just kind of all these things which seem like really arbitrary pieces of information no they ' re really but you ' re right actually they ' re not they ' re no they ' re not just kinda data mining yeah i know plus it ' s quite precious i ' m glad i don ' t do facebook actually or any of that rubbish mm oh i ' m so glad you know stepped out of it after
136. ' t it? i don ' t know the i ' ll tell you what you tell me if it ' s the same if you send that in you ' ll have to get rid of the data protection details right at the front what? say that again? if you send the erm recording in to or whatever you ' ll have to erm delete the data protection deals at the front where
137. to get rid of the data protection details right at the front what? say that again? if you send the erm recording in to or whatever you ' ll have to erm delete the data protection deals at the front where i say my date of birth and my oh yeah i will yeah i edit them anyway i listen to them and edit them and get the stuff out that erm remember the
150. erm cos it ' s not erm working and then or it ' s really slow and then i notice a little arrow up here which keeps coming down oh and it ' s er doing data which means it ' s updating and that and i ' m like oh that ' s why er there ' s something going on here ah when was the last i don ' t remember that oh that
152. runs at a super such a big hard drive it ' s going to overheat but can you imagine the marketing possibilities like how to really get like with these computer software now with the amount of data you could really like the data mining possibilities would really intense yeah but can you believe that they spend all of this mm that ' s that ' s what it ' s about but can you believe that this
153. big hard drive it ' s going to overheat but can you imagine the marketing possibilities like how to really get like with these computer software now with the amount of data you could really like the data mining possibilities would really intense yeah but can you believe that they spend all of this mm that ' s that ' s what it ' s about but can you believe that this kind of marketing can produce so
154. to have to type http dot www yeah oh right right that ' s all gone right oh has it? now it ' s just www but if you want high security security where their access to your data mm oh i want security yes please it ' s now i don ' t know if you ' ve noticed now if you want high security hotmail are asking me to do it google are doing it what
155. asking me to do that for high security and google do that now and they ' ve just had that erm big european legal battle haven ' t they with like the hmm mm with all of your data storing all of your data mm and storing while you ' re logged into google they wanted access to anything that you ' ve searched on the internet mm mm and i ' m stopping using google chrome i '
156. for high security and google do that now and they ' ve just had that erm big european legal battle haven ' t they with like the hmm mm with all of your data storing all of your data mm and storing while you ' re logged into google they wanted access to anything that you ' ve searched on the internet mm mm and i ' m stopping using google chrome i ' m not going to use
157. all yeah so if you um if you go into settings oo if you turn your phone on um applications mm and then settings mm um accounts and synch and then this this information here this background data mm that ' s constantly checking things mm like your e - mails and mm it ' s er accessing the internet all the time mm so disabling background data extends battery life and lowers data
158. this information here this background data mm that ' s constantly checking things mm like your e - mails and mm it ' s er accessing the internet all the time mm so disabling background data extends battery life and lowers data use mm so your me your amount of downloads mm that will be um that won ' t be used up as quickly right when you ' re not using that okay cos
159. mm that ' s constantly checking things mm like your e - mails and mm it ' s er accessing the internet all the time mm so disabling background data extends battery life and lowers data use mm so your me your amount of downloads mm that will be um that won ' t be used up as quickly right when you ' re not using that okay cos it ' s not accessing
160. well how how long have you been gone? er an hour and a bit just to drive there and back really? that ' s stupid with traffic? yeah mm and then my fucking phone just the data just disappeared so i needed the sat nav to go somewhere somewhere else and it just died it just won ' t come back on so fuck knows anyway i ' m gonna go and cook some food yeah
164. right okay we ' ll tell them if we get a chance well er they ' ll know now when they that ' s interesting in schools they ' ve brought out on th when they brought out the data protection thing and so on they for schools they ' ve brought out a erm a regulation where you weren ' t allowed to ask the same parents for the same information twice more than once if you '
166. went i didn ' t i don ' t even have a phone like yeah like she doesn ' t normally she has like like a day or two abroad or something but yeah the sim card only had data like five hundred megabyte like a really pathetic amount that cost loads of money so she didn ' t take the phone out during the day and stuff and she was like well normally i ' d send
167. like yeah normal that you don ' t get it which is weird well that ' s the strange thing actually cos i didn ' t i don ' t use my phone abroad cos obviously the data costs so much money to use but wifi i do in bratislava everywhere had open wifi like did they? every cafe every bar every museum you could get wifi in naples you generally couldn ' t
168. well how much as that again? it ' s er well the three network is three pence per call minute two pence per text and one pence per one penny per megabyte of data that you use on internet that ' s what these two are on can you pass it over now? show me do you like that? sound of that? what? your your the pay - as -
169. internet or five pound something that ' s without the internet you can ' t u yeah but internet ' s free in most places it is free like it ' s free here you would only use mobile data if you were really pushed and you didn ' t have anywhere else now i want you to come with me with my erm laptop and i want us to go into either or nero ' s or somewhere
170. something like that i think they ' re i think i i think you ' ll get you won ' t like the screen i think erm your tariff would be good yeah but to be honest mobile data when you ' re on a pay - as - you - go you ' re reluctant to use it cos it just sort of disappears you ' re better off just using your wi - fi ain '
175. you twins triplets uh no person with whom you are in a relationship oh a long distance relationship um polygamy yes um the the the thing you do at a computer when you wish to input data type yes the place where stop oh got five nice nice five bastards did i pass? i don ' t think i did no you get five out of five nice yes five okay five damn it yey
177. re all gonna run things in the future yeah instead of computers at each desk it had a little terminal which is wire connect there ' s no hard drive in it it wirelessly connects to a big data centre yeah yeah is that like virtual yeah virtual desktop? they ' ve yeah they ' ve er they were all issued with these blackberry phones when blackberrys were in vogue right and now they ' re not
178. was a deal on the back of the times magazine thirty - six pounds a month a hundred pounds one off for a phone but it had this subtle attraction that you got two thousand minutes unlimited texts unlimited data ah that ' s good so that was quite impressive it ' s pointless having an iphone without unlimited data to be honest because that ' s the point no it ' s not you don ' t need er
179. off for a phone but it had this subtle attraction that you got two thousand minutes unlimited texts unlimited data ah that ' s good so that was quite impressive it ' s pointless having an iphone without unlimited data to be honest because that ' s the point no it ' s not you don ' t need er that data on that i mean it had a one gig data contract a month on my ipad i never
180. ' s good so that was quite impressive it ' s pointless having an iphone without unlimited data to be honest because that ' s the point no it ' s not you don ' t need er that data on that i mean it had a one gig data contract a month on my ipad i never exceeded it yeah quite a lot depends what you ' re doing with it cos i only ever text so i
181. s pointless having an iphone without unlimited data to be honest because that ' s the point no it ' s not you don ' t need er that data on that i mean it had a one gig data contract a month on my ipad i never exceeded it yeah quite a lot depends what you ' re doing with it cos i only ever text so i was gonna say i never ring people mm so that
182. ' t know if there ' s nothing on anywhere in the country that we fancy seeing is there? i mean i have the ipad but the 3g contract and of course you can ' t get data without it ' s a bit short - sighted and they should give you it ' s very short - sighted a full capacity to do that yeah the capacity to get on and say you want it because otherwise
185. sort of phone was it? oh it was only a it was b it was a bit like yours think it was an htc it wasn ' t like a great phone it no but it had data and and like she just rang up her cos her contract was the same as her parents ' contract it was all mm built in to the same it ' s cheaper if you get your oh actually we
186. at her saying you ' ve been weird with me the last two days it ' s like yes cos she hasn ' t had a phone well she has a phone but it doesn ' t have data so she can ' t message you every minute of every fucking day you controlling possessive c twat face er she ' s annoy she ' s i do i do get so pissed off with people i
192. i put that on and zone two i can put it onto the radio which means i ' ve got the radio in the bathroom when i ' m in the shower these are all the lights erm data usage i don ' t know what that is sleep oh that ' s so i can put my music on and it yeah it and bt sport i wanna have the lights on my phone how do i get
193. or something i ' m surprised no one ' s reported it well no there ' s various things it could be cos it it ' s the it it ' s coming up dep er the data execution prevention mm there ' s a programme in there that stops and they said you you may have when you when you say what could be the problem they say it could be when you when you run up
195. he asked me and i oi can we make a snap story on your phone please? pass me your phone whose phone? your oh no i have no signal i ' m on i have no data so i can ' t do it oh struggle yeah but you can make it and it can i mean i can i can yeah and then post it later do you wanna do it? yeah yeah you can
197. a ppi i said er can i ask where you ' ve got this number from? yeah and he goes erm well i got this number from er er there we have a a colle data collection link i said oh right so who is who is it who ' s given you my number why? yeah and and he said he said well i just need to take your details sir but you '
198. s book he does that yeah your dad does that all the time doesn ' t he? can i ask where you happen to have got my? do you realise that ' s a breach of the data protection act? yeah yeah my son works for the insurance fraud bureau you know he keeps wheeling that one out he does doesn ' t he? as if that makes a lot of difference with the people he
200. leave all the information about the photograph on the computer mm in the blank and all you got is a blank space but the information of what er what the photograph was yeah all the metada d er data and everything er mm is still there so we have to go through the program to delete it you can ' t delete it through windows or any other programme cos you can you can you can
202. if you ' ve had participants mm that are people they ' re gonna know the purpose of the research and that you know they will remain anonymous if that ' s what they want data protection erm data stored when it ' s destroyed all that sort of stuff yeah erm the purpose of the research yeah erm the fact that they have a right to withdraw at any stage yeah erm so you '
204. wow there ' s money to be had there and that was like that takes time at twenty - two k and you you will be making more than fifty k if you ' re a qualified engineer a data engineer would you fancy doing that? yeah you need quite a bit of training erm to be you ' re up for that though aren ' t you? yeah potentially erm i know some people are
205. ##erning now i ' ve got dvd ram and they won ' t play on the blue ray no dvd ram is erm they ' re if they put it i think they are maybe for storing data is it the ones that? no i can store a program i can sti and play it on the other dvd recorder but the blue ray won ' t play it no because blue ray is only for
206. your computer down if there is something still running and if it terminates well how do i know what ' s running? well if it terminates a program half way through it running you might lose some saved data so it waits for it to close down properly it is doing it for your favour really i don ' t mind that that ' s some but then i go back to my you know i will go back
207. a cloud server the teachers using their nokia education delivery software already installed in nokia smartphones can download the teaching resources to smartphones using the 3g network they then connect them to the tvs or data projectors and display the materials as teaching aids okay do you want me to continue? yeah yeah yeah i ' m li ' m listening okay with the power of mobile technology students can now explore state -
208. to have access to it or maybe on a daily rate or whatever it is erm through a pay - as - you - go service or you look at it via the internet which is on a data - related service mm so if you ' ve got enough money to pay for the data you would access it through there mm but presumably the text message delivery system is the cheapest possible way to get the
209. through a pay - as - you - go service or you look at it via the internet which is on a data - related service mm so if you ' ve got enough money to pay for the data you would access it through there mm but presumably the text message delivery system is the cheapest possible way to get the message out there mm erm okay who knows? there might be other ways to deliver
211. with all sorts of supply chains as well really yeah and it ' s the same with tesco yeah it wasn ' t just shop floor it was warehouse warehouse management as well and managing all the stock data codes and everything like that i ' m sure mum will be thrilled with the prospect of your flying out to saudi i ' ve already told her that i ' d i ' d do it if it ca
212. ' s gotta i i asked him erm er i sent him an email last night and got a reply this morning and erm and er you see he ' d be able to transfer the my data windows and malware that ' s perfect erm and he said yeah that ' s perfect that ' s what you want yeah yeah it ' s it ' s the only thing is is you won '
213. third one it ' s printing properly but the first one takes ages to print? or just to come up? no to come up the printing symbols to come up you know i w is it receiving data? is that what it says? well no look i ' ve i ' ve got the erm the email on my computer yeah and i go to the little sign for a printer saying print and i
216. present yeah erm what would it be under message from ah sweet erm oh i ' d better text back how are you getting erm how are you managing to get you must be using your data cos you ' ve got your wi - fi turned off oh yeah silly billy well i ' ve got enough data so it ' s fine yeah but turn it i ' ve turned it on for you
217. are you getting erm how are you managing to get you must be using your data cos you ' ve got your wi - fi turned off oh yeah silly billy well i ' ve got enough data so it ' s fine yeah but turn it i ' ve turned it on for you thanks erm going to bed yeah breakfast oh dear what are you doing on my phone? i ' m trying to
218. i haven ' t done it yet out tonight? oi we are out do you know what time the villa match started dear? i can look if you want me to it ' ll cost my data no then are you sure about this? no look at that that ' s quite blue isn ' t it? looks alright that ' s what you do i liked it said what did you do that for
220. the pen? it depends if it ' s difficult for me to know what ' s superfluous cos i don ' t actually understand it i think that might be there this is the actual data information about the company so that ' s fine that explains what they ' re doing how they ' re doing it in terms of visual communications erm okay err what was that you oh yeah you suggested

