Cluster 1
1. ##mbucha with uh petals floating in it and the the guide to the graduation is just inside the frame so you can see that it says ge graduation in japanese but you can't see what school it is or anything just sort of like stock photography style perfect there we go yeah you can post it to a stock site s uh oh yeah w no no i don't think i can cos
2. think of a different kind of plain brown one which is meles leucurus which is the kind you get in china and russia i'm guessing that somewhere down the line some compiler of like school science textbooks wasn't very precise in their badger types that's terrible it's very terrible and you do get badgers in japan which are meles anakuma anakuma anaku
3. t really notice it's there no unlike your butt whey unlike oh dear my poor blisters oh dear i've got no shoes that i can wear tomorrow now oh yeah so what school are the kids coming back tomorrow? no thursday good i hate so why are they coming on thursday or cos they've got two days of training we've got why not just bring them back
5. that's better i'm just sort out my new book erm and then we did churches churches yes didn't you already go in like year one year two to a church when the school came? there we go yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah but then sometimes we didn't yeah yeah yeah so after history mm mm i'm gonna go and get changed it was where that then it was
6. one god more tea anybody? um no thank you yes i'll have some thank you er that's the one atlantic that's the one i was thinking of you muppet a primary school an infant school child would know that i wasn't taught that really? yeah i don't know it what were you taught? about the tudors mostly what were you taught in geography? um
8. full i've had sort of three or four sushi rolls four sushi rolls and three sandwiches i can't see the point of egg in sushi oy oy um huh mm school geography has really taken a plummet um so what er what what were you taught in school geography? school geography? um do you know what a tectonic plate is? yeah what? so the
11. it was just um yeah so what did you do about the victorians? lots of stuff about chimney sweeps and um children in victorian england and things might that have been because you were in a victorian school? mm we had victorian day so we had to dress up in kind of victorian clothes and we had like a sort of er you know a a morning of what would've been so we had like
12. day yeah that was did you have one? no oh okay cos it's obvious so we had to pretend to be evacuees ah yes now we did have er have something in primary school where um where there was a sort of sh show and tell thing bring in something from if you've got any sort of world war ii artefacts uh - huh this is when you lent me um amongst
16. quite rightly so mm you know cos she's yeah from what she's from what she's said it sounds like she's of that mm er um mm s type of school i was in when i first came back from china oh okay can't help you schools that do every yeah yeah yeah that do everything okay and nothing yeah well what do you want? we do secret
17. s obviously s got a lot you know like a conservative um yeah business - driven sort of guy but they closed down didn't they? well yeah well no he actually he's now a school in er ah so to give him credit they have gone on and made themselves quite a nice little school there okay but the the school they were sharing with was more dodgy i think it was run by
18. they closed down didn't they? well yeah well no he actually he's now a school in er ah so to give him credit they have gone on and made themselves quite a nice little school there okay but the the school they were sharing with was more dodgy i think it was run by iranians who were running this dodgy medical school which closed and there's always a dodgy
19. they? well yeah well no he actually he's now a school in er ah so to give him credit they have gone on and made themselves quite a nice little school there okay but the the school they were sharing with was more dodgy i think it was run by iranians who were running this dodgy medical school which closed and there's always a dodgy git behind it isn '
20. gone on and made themselves quite a nice little school there okay but the the school they were sharing with was more dodgy i think it was run by iranians who were running this dodgy medical school which closed and there's always a dodgy git behind it isn't there oh yeah but if they've closed a lot of they've closed the twenty hours a week loophole
22. you're in higher education higher education not in the language cour yeah see that's why i think a lot of places got less longer - term people yeah mm mm cos in that school in london mm we had koreans who came for like a year absolutely yeah now they won't because they can't work that was the thing wasn't it mm you know have a year work
23. of getting your feet that's true yeah in the country and then disappearing yeah that's just it yeah which is mm well yeah mm people abused the system didn't they absolutely er er school owners and students yeah were oh yeah school owners particularly mm mm mm mm to be honest with you mm mm mm i wonder so fio um looking for some research stuff? i think she's yeah
24. yeah in the country and then disappearing yeah that's just it yeah which is mm well yeah mm people abused the system didn't they absolutely er er school owners and students yeah were oh yeah school owners particularly mm mm mm mm to be honest with you mm mm mm i wonder so fio um looking for some research stuff? i think she's yeah yeah yeah maybe we should go into a
25. particularly mm mm mm mm to be honest with you mm mm mm i wonder so fio um looking for some research stuff? i think she's yeah yeah yeah maybe we should go into a school and do some res what were we talking you were gonna do some article thing the other day you mentioned? about um oo i've i've forgotten now i was all passionate about it wasn
26. and at the end of it they were able to sing bohemian rhapsody no they weren't perhaps not no it's funny you said er to mention bohemian rhapsody cos of the website the last school i was in they had a video of the students all singing it as well did they? yeah bohemian rhapsody? mm but you know deach student doing a different part but it was so bad it was
27. there mm no but it's funny isn't it yeah i think um i mean also you get the a lot of continental students come here with the idea that it's a fun summer school yeah and we're yeah but yeah the koreans or from the far east or middle east the they come it's different concept of what they're there for isn't it absolutely yeah some
30. neighbours i think probably eventually if we had millions of pounds i would be able to persuade you to move out of this house and go into a bigger nicer house no no but we have a great school well no in the village still in the village no mum that's what i that's what i said to i just thought of something amazing mm? we could build a giant mansion around so we
34. ve won um er not one part of me's ever doubted them but i suppose that's because i grew up so close to relatively spea like compared to you mm we had loads of school trips to the science museum and the huh history museum and i would've loved that it's pretty exciting like we did loa er you are you do sort of take it for granted when told
35. do sort of take it for granted when told me she'd never been to until about a year ago mm cos she'd lived in yeah and it's just too far like your school trips wouldn't be able to get there no in a day so we yeah er i never considered it wasn't real yeah i was saying to ever actually because we were going there i said the
36. bad with directions so she's been with her best mate two of her best mates and her she er she and her husband eloped like it's all very romantic basically they were together as school hearts sw school sweethearts he was a bit of a knob and ran off with another girl but she's you know she was like cool we were just kids she moved away had another partner for ten
37. so she's been with her best mate two of her best mates and her she er she and her husband eloped like it's all very romantic basically they were together as school hearts sw school sweethearts he was a bit of a knob and ran off with another girl but she's you know she was like cool we were just kids she moved away had another partner for ten years moved to
39. their at that point thinks that they know it all but of course they don't mm actually needs their parents as m more than ever mm was spending half their days it mi might find it off school in the social security office yeah trying to explain to them that i couldn't get them yeah you know er er a s either a s what's the person called? who? what your social
40. she doesn't read them stories she doesn't do times tables with them like all the stuff that your parents do with you oh my god in the evenings you know like it's er school isn't enough is it like you're a child you're brain is a sponge you're constantly yeah absorbing information so you know don't just put them in front of the tv
42. ' m i'll bump it down but people have turned up got this big space and have gone wow mm oh she's not marrying no no looks like she's just going to her school prom but how i love the way that they complain like you're the one who wear this ridiculous monstrosity of a dress that's her boyfriend hanging out the back he's a beau
43. you're the one who wear this ridiculous monstrosity of a dress that's her boyfriend hanging out the back he's a beaut oh my god right good so she went to school to get that dress mhm is what she's saying yep she doesn't care that she can now read and write mm she never gonna need that again mm not where she's going mm
46. did change the words what was the actual song? the snowman's got his hat on no the sun has got his hat on no the snowman's got his hat on is the school version of it? yeah that's my version the sun one is real mm the snowman one is the one that's made up mm mm alright you can have mine clear it up do you
47. party like a roman right shh lovely sit down and finish your yogurt please yuck last spoon last spoon what's that song from? have you been doing the roman's at school? no huh? where's that from then? ccccavemen cacacacavemen writing writing letters shh right leave alone let her eat eat please have you been doing the roman '
48. ? where's that from then? ccccavemen cacacacavemen writing writing letters shh right leave alone let her eat eat please have you been doing the roman's at school? yes no is that where you learnt that song? there was roman day in year four oh the year fours have been doing romans? no oh year three and yeah four oh so did you not have
49. it i remembered this time hey look gonna tell you how to make a cute reindeer make a cute reindeer oh that's nice i drew her l i drew on the eyes did you do that at school? and somebody got face paint on it and then i had to paint the eyes green because the face paint was green oh dear cos they had holly on's not in the good books then?
56. though didn't he? well yeah what playing chess? yeah yeah good love this chair mm so we've been trying to sell these stupid chairs outside it was so annoying these like really broken school chairs no one wants to buy them even for like five for twenty - five quid five or twenty - five no i no five for twenty - five oh all five of them they're the kind
57. not getting any reaction off me i was blissfully ignorant of the whole thing so it didn't affect me at all i had no idea what was happening there was like a scary one at our school er when i was younger like you happy smile mm oh and like the they had a knife oh god oh like they were just like that's awful chelsea smiles that's horrible no that's
58. the well yeah yeah and she's developed this nervous twitch as well which varies you know tends to be keeps pulling her dress up like that's habit that yeah mm see is everything alright at school? yeah yeah no problem so i don't know why she's doing this the teachers say anything to her? yeah yeah mm we had to give them presents for teachers'day oh did you
59. at the beginning of term so you've got a new teacher mm so it's not like he's a well she's back in er no she's back at the same school she was in before right so she had that teacher before? cos well but yeah but there are four different teachers so yeah it's a bit weird to have a teachers'day at the beginning
65. hope so i haven't seen her haven't even seen her about the village actually mm i haven't passed her so i don't know but cos she cleans up at school now she's like oh does she? the cleaning supervisor so she comes down to do duty mm goes back and then around three o'clock she's back for cleaning till about six oh right
66. ' ve since learned had a conversation with somebody at the hospital yesterday who was grew up in like me mm didn't go to no that's was another conversation went to the sch same school as me yeah yeah okay and she was saying how it's like an academy status and it's one of something like five and it's right a really sought after school oh so the and
67. sch same school as me yeah yeah okay and she was saying how it's like an academy status and it's one of something like five and it's right a really sought after school oh so the and are they in and the prices have rocketed the catchment for it? oh yeah gosh yeah yeah yeah so they've paid about hun i think it was a hundred and
68. himself and we're like well you do realise that all the other teachers yeah have like yeah i know i know mr is a bit of a weirdo and he would be better as a primary school teacher but and he bullies yeah but she just exaggerates a bit too much yeah and then she always like bullies him i feel really bad for him yeah it's like really awkward yeah
70. my french she was like i'm proud of everything you do i'm like oh this is this is mm why he needs to be a primary school teacher this is what you need a primary school the compliment teacher to be yeah and he tries to he would be a perfect primary school teacher i know maybe we should suggest all of his ideas everything he does how he treats his pupils like if a primary
73. s though? it's because it offers people who don't who aren't clever at all progress it offers them a chance to be better yeah it cos some people'll leave school with no qualifications at all go to mcdonald's and be summat and have a wage otherwise they wouldn't be anything would they? so for that sort of thing i can appreciate what it is
78. round i was in a position of power and i took on cockney yes cos my mum was gonna send me to elocution lessons elocution lessons were the all the rage at my school my junior school elocution classes fuck knows why well because people still maybe it's cos everyone had a west country burr had that had that as a it's not so much now because
83. so what i thought is i'll go through go up the and try and get in get in loop in that way yeah okay and i think on a on a on a not not at the school you know picky uppy time it's actually fine going in on the yeah i think it is it is just you have got to pick your time mm mm mm but it is quite good to
84. going to a yacht club without having a yacht everyone's like who's that guy there? yeah that's the advantage of having a yacht yeah there's a guy in my secondary school that always used to pretend that he'd had yachts and he's carry round like what? yachtyachting monthly what really? oh no that's so barking up the wrong tree
85. ##s and he's carry round like what? yachtyachting monthly what really? oh no that's so barking up the wrong tree yeah they always have a like sticking out of this school uniform pocket have a yacht like a yacht magazine did he have an expensive watch as well? no but he he's quite funny cos he and just talking about yachts all the time no way
86. ##sh voice did he have a posh voice or did he just pretend? he had to man i think he pretended when he spoke about yachts or always my dad pretends always is this the school you went to in? yeah fucking hell oh man did he get beaten up a lot? no i'm worried about this cos now it's alright where is he now? what is he
87. how did you know that he didn't have a yacht but not monaco monaco you could just tell he didn't have a yacht you know cos no one has a yacht like goes to school in but what if he had like a really eighties yacht but like one i want you can get for like seven grand in greece that's possible he always used to talk like he was trading in yacht
89. you perhaps move around or don't move around schools you'd still drive in from here through to wouldn't you? yeah but erm every time we moved we moved to the local school so you know i had about ten schools actually but erm yeah so we moved out to aha yeah and that's where i lived for a while and then got married so er and then came
90. many people of our age group now have got bunions and things from wearing stilettos and goodness knows what people i know have operations for bunions yes yes mm but apparently there is now a school of thought which says that's nothing to do with the shoes you wear it's genetic really? oh really? mm really? mm mm interesting what did you do in your work? erm
93. maybe a few days because if he's been given a week of half - term to do his homework and he's gone on holiday and you have to take your holiday in school in the school holiday time and you can't take it any other time ah cos they will fine you therefore he's on holiday so she's erm i'm willing to write you a note
95. so i just i think it's fair comment to ask for a few more days i think that's fair comment i see what you mean but i i'd i'd fight the school over that well i do think that if they're fighting you over days off in school time i'd fight them over that without a shadow and was quite anyway the point is i think he could
96. think that's fair comment i see what you mean but i i'd i'd fight the school over that well i do think that if they're fighting you over days off in school time i'd fight them over that without a shadow and was quite anyway the point is i think he could have done it all the friday night before he came out well he had saturday morning as well
97. s a new one next saturday and she's only gone and booked into that oh you've not been to garden centre you've missed every event they've had it's like school dinners but worse really worse and like school dinners with really uncomfortable chairs mm that's very true it's really horrible and she wants to book in there again auntie? apparently uncle but everybody said
99. ##able if takes i can maybe walk outside for some fresh air with mum you'll just have to deal with it for you've not been to this place it's horrible it's school dinners but worse mum school dinners there are so many places you could go even is better uh yeah in fact why didn't they why didn't they just choose? it's very similar to
101. they'd find families to adopt them so even if they wanted to keep their babies yeah and they thought they were keeping them sometimes and then they'd gone oh so that's all old school again isn't it? it's stuff i don't like well when did it's just about the sixties that this happened so you know not that long ago yeah the decade i was
102. apartments have you seen those? yeah mm like tr they advertise them sometimes at unis they usually for like young families and stuff must be really hard yeah and then they usually have a play school on university campus and they do here ah and they've got a nursery do they get free nursery then? i'm not sure if it's free i don't know it might be
106. perseus that's polaris are you making them up now? no puretone that's annoying like that one it's called road trip duh duh duh this is school that just sounds like school to me yeah was gonna say i don't remember my school sounding like that that's that's called spinning around quite like that no this one's called wine
107. s polaris are you making them up now? no puretone that's annoying like that one it's called road trip duh duh duh this is school that just sounds like school to me yeah was gonna say i don't remember my school sounding like that that's that's called spinning around quite like that no this one's called wine bottle though which i think
108. that's annoying like that one it's called road trip duh duh duh this is school that just sounds like school to me yeah was gonna say i don't remember my school sounding like that that's that's called spinning around quite like that no this one's called wine bottle though which i think might be quite appropriate i wonder whose job it is to name the
113. sixteen sixteen pounds so that one's a bit more expensive than the other two yeah give me a five and a one and a ten so are any of the thank you people ask you questions at school about your presentation? nope no? did you get a round of applause? just and a five ah two hundred well i think you did very well to write that presentation i need to land there you go
118. rugby have like got girls no you're crazy mum it's but you're only like thirteen exactly what do you mean you've gotta get when you go to an all - boys school that's like that's like the age where do you find these girls? the and then well i'm glad you didn't go then why? cos you're a bit
122. it once school stops finishes the it's you don't have that that k thing shadow hanging over you any more and that there's only they only have a tiny bit of power in school though school that's all you know to th to throw their weight around a bit and look popular it really doesn't last just doesn't last do you kn we have like people from each
123. school stops finishes the it's you don't have that that k thing shadow hanging over you any more and that there's only they only have a tiny bit of power in school though school that's all you know to th to throw their weight around a bit and look popular it really doesn't last just doesn't last do you kn we have like people from each group like
126. m not good at sports at all i should never ever do sport ever again i've never been like oh er the first time i went skiing in artificial snow was when we went somewhere with the school and it was like the summit was like two thousand metres mm and it was march so there was like a great deal of there was no real snow so they had to put it on artificial and i hated
128. metal kind of thing or like skrillex or something oh like a skrillex song how does it go again? i can't remember i remember there was a phase when everyone in my school was obsessed with skrillex yeah he has a funniest squeaking voice i've ever heard in my life really? what's it like? he sounds like a girl he goes you
131. ##ed me for both subjects and then i looked on my timetable and there's no seminar for physics mm i have it for creative writing i think it's cos they've got a school going today so yeah i think they're going to the power station today oh fun so it's like then there's that or oh what an exciting school trip i know that must be i
134. they cut her phone line out fine they're ridiculous though cos my f cos she was six when her mum moved her and her sister to and she grew up in and she said the school they went to it was proper segregation there's a pocket of school kids who were english and all the rest of them were welsh and they didn't mix the welsh kids used to bully them no
135. my f cos she was six when her mum moved her and her sister to and she grew up in and she said the school they went to it was proper segregation there's a pocket of school kids who were english and all the rest of them were welsh and they didn't mix the welsh kids used to bully them no end really? they were horrible to them yeah absolutely it's er
137. ' s bred there you know they just do not like the english er still to this day it's ridiculous they used to be truly horrible so her friends from school are the english girls from the school because the welsh girls never used to mix completely segregated it was all and this was what? fifteen twenty years ago appalling why do they hate us? um who can say? the i'm
140. ' re not taught about religion you er do you mean like having a religious m religiou no er religion separate to s to the state? i mean they have a thing where in any school any government any it's anybody employed by the government so police teachers all that shabaz mm any school they're not allowed to show their religion so no turbans no crosses mm no
141. religion separate to s to the state? i mean they have a thing where in any school any government any it's anybody employed by the government so police teachers all that shabaz mm any school they're not allowed to show their religion so no turbans no crosses mm no anything no nothing at all mm that says your religious beliefs mm mm nothing that's what they do in america
145. twelve and what time is it? twelve oh twelve yeah but it always goes down in the end it does just near the end and then an extra few minutes but you can't walk through the school you have to walk round and it takes a good five minutes erm was parking on the other side do you know where that is? so yes i know where to go in no but you know that
146. side do you know where that is? so yes i know where to go in no but you know that you can park on the entrance way that opens to the ro main road like this is the school yes and this is the house yeah and you can park there on the road yes but you can also go all the way round to the other side that's what you have to do you're
150. really be sure that it's okay because the teacher didn't say that i i'm not sure and i'd texted and didn't reply in time so i took it to school and when we got there the teacher said yes they are oh no so we went and changed her in the toilet funny oh funny it's quite isn't it? but i mean i think it
153. i i stayed behind for dt coursework sessions just so i could talk to the guy that i kind of liked yep yep we all do things like this standard very very weird yeah i miss being in school though there was a i didn't realise but er well not but like erm had a girl in on work experience oh yeah? so had kind of said oh yeah we'll go out for
154. back together after their big break up and what have you and blah blah blah yeah and then all of a sudden she's she through facebook reconnects with this guy who was her friend from school okay turns out he's living in london great so they meet up they live in they when she goes to london they have a great time he comes to oxford they have a great time erm and
159. i can't remember who asked my question yeah but someone did i i was gonna i dunno was just gonna ask him about cos you know how recently it was the anniversary of the the school school shooting in pakistan in where? oh pakistan yeah yeah i was just gonna ask him cos like when the when the media reported it they were like oh it's because they don't want
160. can't remember who asked my question yeah but someone did i i was gonna i dunno was just gonna ask him about cos you know how recently it was the anniversary of the the school school shooting in pakistan in where? oh pakistan yeah yeah i was just gonna ask him cos like when the when the media reported it they were like oh it's because they don't want people
161. where? oh pakistan yeah yeah i was just gonna ask him cos like when the when the media reported it they were like oh it's because they don't want people to go to school which is not the reason why it happened at all it was because of something else i was just gonna ask him like how people simplify like narratives in other countries oh that's interesting i was gonna
162. ' m gonna say no okay yeah you can go for it alright so so right now you have the opportunity it's a limited opportunity and you have to decide within a couple of weeks to leave school as it is right now into a slight risky situation starting salary is fifty k with the potential fifty? yeah fifty k with the potential to expand it to it's a business basically selling products in london
171. really? oh okay it's really weird she just she doesn't enjoy it doesn't want to do it no i mean she has quite good lunches because obviously she works in a school and they've got an independent canteen oh she has does she have the school dinners there? mm does she go for the school dinners? i think so yeah well they're they're heavily
172. it doesn't want to do it no i mean she has quite good lunches because obviously she works in a school and they've got an independent canteen oh she has does she have the school dinners there? mm does she go for the school dinners? i think so yeah well they're they're heavily subsidised so probably a good good thing to have and then yeah yep
173. mean she has quite good lunches because obviously she works in a school and they've got an independent canteen oh she has does she have the school dinners there? mm does she go for the school dinners? i think so yeah well they're they're heavily subsidised so probably a good good thing to have and then yeah yep have your main meal then have a li have a
175. ' s so she's responsible for that because she does she does all the finance doesn't she there the budgets? yes she's like she's just the business manager of the school yeah taken on their own cl private cleaners she basically does nothing for council any more because i think it's not as competitive i think a lot of private firms are much better oh right mm i
177. whole cast of eastenders like oh okay used used to go there right right yeah okay yeah mm yeah back in the day performing things yeah yeah so he went to a very good sort of theatre school drama school as a young kid wow super talented boy and then and from there he he my good he was getting getting er some breaks yeah yeah yeah so just kind of sort of yeah rolling from one thing to the
183. ? i mean in their roles sorry? well what they would do really at at the time mm was a a change of ethos cos you had right you had like a lot of the old school right who yeah really couldn't identify with the pace of where you know we yeah wanted to take them and that happens yeah yeah people get replaced yeah new people yeah absolutely so in local government mm you
184. try to bring them along with me mm and j and just you know? try to build them up but some people don't wanna get built up mm because they're used to the old school yeah of doing what they want when they want yeah yeah and and taking the p yeah if that's the case then you've gotta taken them to erm a disciplinary cos you've
185. t so much fun ah my cousins are going there he's like obsessed with lego i was too old to go so i couldn't go on anything but i went on the riding the driving school that was good i've been to spain loads of time i have been to spain countless times i want to go i want to go to spain and see where lived cos he lived in but now
189. stricter over there though in the ireland is really strict though isn't it? but is their education standards better than yeah yeah it it is though it's not necessarily the university standards but school you're a - levels are i'm sure they have more detail but we technically do more a - levels than you therefore without choice if you know what i mean i think the demand i was
190. and she got this special crisps that she liked called pickled onion meanies and i was just like you're did she did she give you one? oh that's like me in school you know in school oh man all all the people in sc all the people in school would get like it was so horrible they get hampers from home and erm oh god put like f in the
191. special crisps that she liked called pickled onion meanies and i was just like you're did she did she give you one? oh that's like me in school you know in school oh man all all the people in sc all the people in school would get like it was so horrible they get hampers from home and erm oh god put like f in the post ah they were
193. wanna watch come on let's have it old jews telling jokes on the t projector? yeah it's all funny okay ready? mm my brother zachy used to tell when we were school children in paris what? er a man calls a waiter in a restaurant and says a whiter? waiter you slag keep going keep going it's a waiter a what? keep going keep going
194. ' t that cos i remember my i hhung out with this jewish girl in berlin a lot who was like really jewish then she told me those jewish jokes and then when she went to school and she was like o her friends were like oh jewish jokes do you wanna hear one? yeah and they were just like the really like terrible ones like they're the ones i got how do you
195. that around? or are you doing any other play here yeah like finding nemo bit of finding nemo? yeah yeah? aladdin trouble aladdin trouble? aladdin trouble that's his school play get sit down yes that's the one we haven't seen yet we will ha let's do that over half - term all next christmas discovery all i've forgotten what it '
197. have to worry y do plan to plan them tonight then? mm yeah yeah wwhen you say always had sunday night anxiety is that through your life? i don't think through sort of school but mm probably when i started er a levels definitely at uni yeah which i found really weird cos uni was sort of such a relaxed environment yeah whereas didn't have to go that often
198. think you know where when they're at the primaprimary? yes you know everything that's going on don't yeah but then th we do know everything they're at school yes and then he first leaves from there and you adapt to like really know knowing anything mm and then i think with the younger ones you you really don't care don't no no we don
201. shakespeare in your life i suppose so mm but you're sitting on hay bales mm so we've been advised to take cos it's at it's in the grounds of school right so that's the park it's not in park i always no i don't know why i always assumed it was park but it's not it's in the grounds of
202. so that's the park it's not in park i always no i don't know why i always assumed it was park but it's not it's in the grounds of school so there's and it's hay bales so there's no allocated seating so was telling me you take a waterproof mm or a bin bag or something and they take pillows as well
217. ##a i think that was when was saying they treat us like children oh okay yeah and i said that's just a timely talk two days mm before the england match being on in and half the school not turning up anyway so they decdecided to stay in school and they were str i don't know whether was watching it it they were streaming the football weren't they? and
220. said well i've arranged to play at two o'clock mum will you pick me up from morrisons and take me to the tennis club? i said well er what have you told the school? cos just the day before he'd said oh miss the pe teacher has said i've gotta play as much tennis as i can and i need to be recording it because it's
221. teacher has said i've gotta play as much tennis as i can and i need to be recording it because it's all gonna count so i said to him well what have you told the school? cos i said if you've got no lessons and it's a match and w i could come and record it i said i'm sure they wouldn't mind no i '
222. so of course he talked me into it so i picked him up from morrisons at twenty to two and dropped him to the tennis club and i said well well what what shall i say if the school phone? he said they're not gonna ring you i said do you know what? i'm not gonna answer the phone because i don't know what to say yeah i said i '
226. i know it's difficult are finished it's the summer yeah was ddevastated he he said and the head teacher said he w er he would happily let us watch the game in school but he said he would get too many complaints mm so he's not going to it's a shame but then i suppose that's real life innit if you're at work well
230. me cos his wife from who he's left for yeah does some sort of volunteer work at our school i dunno who she is oh really? but apparently she does some work at our school oh n i didn't realise he was he was even married and that i mean i er got the story that i know he lived in a bedsit well maybe he'd moved out into that
231. ? oh god another fifty years oh we'll be there scary isn't it? yeah i got was coming back i'd been out walking and i just happened to bump into all the school traffic and saw and erm oh i've forgotten his name what's the husband called? with with the couple of children and i said to her still doing the same run? i mean you
232. ' s the husband called? with with the couple of children and i said to her still doing the same run? i mean you know how many years has she been walking up and down to that school? it's like i know i mean are they mad or what? they must be mad how old is the little one now? i can't even remember his name he's lovely he
234. a girlfriend hasn't he? i know oh gosh doesn't seem five minutes really does it that they were at playgroup it's scary i mean i've been over the school today oh we had a we had a laugh today and they've got like this dressing up box and brought some music in to and they've been doing and all that sort of thing for them
235. that to me the other day i can't remember what we were talking about but she said she said it doesn't seem five minutes since you and went off to asda to buy a school uniform for your three little boys starting reception i know you all went together i did we? yeah oh she said it was li it was like a special outing little outing yeah to buy a uniform for for
236. your three little boys starting reception i know you all went together i did we? yeah oh she said it was li it was like a special outing little outing yeah to buy a uniform for for their school for reception oh let's have a day out i know i know did i tell you she's getting married? yeah oh i did? are you invited? no i haven't spoken to
237. know's getting married i said oh is she? mm mm is she? oh already? twenty past three is home? is he skiving then? it's not the end of the school day yet just check it can't be who are you expecting? oh oh okay what? might be next door might be next door gonna say it's not the end of the day yet i
239. ##nily enough at one point did suggest to him when he doesn't know what to do how about a pe teacher? i said but you know the irony of that because he's hated school and he's hated every minute of being in school mm that's all he's ever wanted to do is leave i said if he went back as a job well i said we just wouldn
241. university you're talking four years mm i mean's excuse me not completely ruling out apprenticeships yeah he's been looking at a they've they've obviously had a talk at school about mm mm the cost of university and making sure it's what you want and it's not the be all and end all they must have had something because he's like come home saying
243. school he he was a bit you know messed around and all the rest of it he came out of there and i think contcontinued to mess around maybe a couple of years after school then he decided to do engineering so he got an apprenticeship i think for an engineering course so he did three years'engineering and he did his fourth year which got him a higher qualification then he decided to
247. august so i've got thr nine months it just goes to show how many times a day i go up and down to that yeah blinking tennis club that's all i do tennis clue school gym so what you need to do when you take out insurance for because you you can say how many miles yes yeah you can reduce them you need to take that into account well once he's passed
251. the time you're just sitting there with people you don't wanna talk to well he should do it he should do it of course he should do it he's good i said the school needs you to represent them because you win for the school yeah yeah but he's like mm my friends aren't doing it this year so is he gonna do it? i dunno we need
252. don't wanna talk to well he should do it he should do it of course he should do it he's good i said the school needs you to represent them because you win for the school yeah yeah but he's like mm my friends aren't doing it this year so is he gonna do it? i dunno we need to talk to him he's been a bit vague
253. i dunno we need to talk to him he's been a bit vague he hasn't shown me any letters just can i just stop you for one thing? what did you represent your school for? i didn't cos i was no good at anything nothing nothing at all nothing sporting wise but i mean i would have represented my school for anything because very much like i'd have
254. for one thing? what did you represent your school for? i didn't cos i was no good at anything nothing nothing at all nothing sporting wise but i mean i would have represented my school for anything because very much like i'd have seen it as an opportunity to get out of lessons well it was i wouldn't i'd have been like oh my goodness he's out
255. the loads he's out of lessons i saw him outside of lesson time the other day i said i remember when we got home what were you doing out of lessons? just coming back from a school meeting yeah he's on the council he does all the sports he misses like it's shedloads but that's good though that's not bad for him to go on the council
257. of school and you thought he'd already missed too much but in fairfairness to he misses a load in in but he's in year nine cos he does everything for that school the year doesn't matter he does every sport going but he well he does he does it's he wants some bound to eventually because he does every sport going he's good at every sport
258. every sport going he's good at every sport and they pick him for every sport and he misses shedloads of days because oh i'm doing this i'm doing that for the school well i think if if the the i suppose the difference between you can communicate quite well whereas he has still got that oh he can't yet he can't think clearly enough forward back well yeah
259. able to talk to people dunno but you quite enjoy coaching don't you? it's alright why wouldn't you like to do teaching? no because you'd be in a school yeah kind do you know what? as a teacher fundamentally it's completely different from being yeah i know that's against being in a school see they'd probably sit in the common room and
260. teaching? no because you'd be in a school yeah kind do you know what? as a teacher fundamentally it's completely different from being yeah i know that's against being in a school see they'd probably sit in the common room and absolutely howl with laughter yeah they do the pe department love the banter yeah they probably just laugh at students yeah they do they they probably ta well
261. banter yeah they probably just laugh at students yeah they do they they probably ta well cos they've all been there haven't they? they've all been students that have hated school probably yeah is that what wants to be a pe teacher? well er he says he'd rather join the police the police? yeah he came up with that over? he came up with that the
263. hard to tell with him isn't it? oh i dunno his sister's not doing much better his sister's a lot worse than him his sister's been at a special school she's and she's been expelled not expelled what's the word? they tried to put her on a excluded managed mmove a manage a management move they moved her but it didn '
264. been expelled not expelled what's the word? they tried to put her on a excluded managed mmove a manage a management move they moved her but it didn't work out at the other school to another school's it didn't work out then she's come back she's just cheeky she's actually like naughty whereas was like yeah he'd take the banter
265. expelled what's the word? they tried to put her on a excluded managed mmove a manage a management move they moved her but it didn't work out at the other school to another school's it didn't work out then she's come back she's just cheeky she's actually like naughty whereas was like yeah he'd take the banter a bit too
268. come out this month this month? how was he with that? he was like oh cos he was playing again were playing cup final today oh oh was he? mm they won with their old school? i dunno what? who?? yeah that's their nickname cos it's the pub and that's what they're called?? well they're called the pub
269. best who's? it's like it's an academy where you play football matches and just because it's er it's just a big academy and you can go and do school there and everything that's where went you erm you just play matches in front er the h like loads of scouts and if they like you a scout says do you wanna come and play for trials
272. friends oh what say he's slow and can't run? yeah saying oh yeah it'll take you fifty years to get to that why don't you play central midfield for your school? don't know did you ask to play there or not? no i don't he's never see any player there who hasn't? but next year when the new manager comes
275. around he just doesn't like it he doesn't like that no he doesn't like that right okay well erm no they were all in good fettle yeah there was a disco school discos oh yeah erm so had to go to his first yeah and then i had to take with me yeah could stay at home and then to get ready yeah erm so er and is such
278. was my holiday at that time yeah erm but now i'm so glad not to do it during school holidays yeah so erm i can just erm yeah er just just just forget about school holidays and where are they going again? said they were going back to turkey oh right and it's it's the all in one one oh yeah and i think they're going on the
283. ##ad or your grandad? your grandad okay er it's getting confusing um they he couldn't afford to stay on to matriculate which is the equivalent of a - levels did school cert school certificate which is gcse o - level but then couldn't afford to stay on so uncle ernie got him a job virtually as an office boy in an insurance company mhm and
288. i mean were there people who were? well h you know people who were oxbridge candidates and things like that yeah we had people going to oxford every year from our school oh right like the big school? yeah and they but it was they were former grammar school students mm? you know in our school going to the town centre? mm? we're going to the town centre oh we could probably
290. like that yeah we had people going to oxford every year from our school oh right like the big school? yeah and they but it was they were former grammar school students mm? you know in our school going to the town centre? mm? we're going to the town centre oh we could probably but what you did have was a strong sense of erm the education that you have the prospects you
291. have the prospects you have had been bought for you not given to you by the government but bought for you by your forefathers cos they struggled to get er education i mean i the primary school i went to is called the school and the school was not oh ststate funded it was funded by the chapels was it? they built the building in fact the you know that's that's
292. bought for you not given to you by the government but bought for you by your forefathers cos they struggled to get er education i mean i the primary school i went to is called the school and the school was not oh ststate funded it was funded by the chapels was it? they built the building in fact the you know that's that's one of the major differences to the
293. not given to you by the government but bought for you by your forefathers cos they struggled to get er education i mean i the primary school i went to is called the school and the school was not oh ststate funded it was funded by the chapels was it? they built the building in fact the you know that's that's one of the major differences to the working class today
294. like it's what it's not only you know it's it's what's taught as well i've always been a firm believer that politics economics should be taught in school as yeah compulsory underprivileged black people in america for example even yeah they they it's a vicious cycle of mm crime and drugs that is very very hard to break free from it is
298. just thought when we used to do the bond books he knows all about that do you remember when he was a child we did all the bond books and er you know because he got into mm er school which is a boys'grammar erm and then he just sits down and and has been out of the the educational system for some years mm and then just sits down do one of these test without doing
299. days a month at least yes so what what else do you do now? you go to these art classes which we'll talk about another time mm mm yes yes erm oh i was the school governor at oh right that's very worthy oh very good erm what else have i been doing? i've been doing some family history but that's that and that's really quite
300. yeah i've played cricket there before ah that's it's a really nice pitch actually yeah i believe it is my ex - wife used to be the headmistress of the primary school in? yeah primary yeah mm and we did a gig at that very school a few weeks ago ah yeah she wasn't there it was a new headmistress cos she's retired no
301. a really nice pitch actually yeah i believe it is my ex - wife used to be the headmistress of the primary school in? yeah primary yeah mm and we did a gig at that very school a few weeks ago ah yeah she wasn't there it was a new headmistress cos she's retired no that was good it was good what was the gig like? what? what
304. on lakes rivers streams just seems to be something that would be quite fun canals yeah played there a few times up here yeah? i've done a few gigs there yeah so how do you get school fundraisers and things done? how do people find out about it? bebecause erm knows a lot of people in the local business community i see yeah and they tend to be the people
305. don't they? oh they do certainly know how to party there's a lot of people well erm not a lot of people but there's a one or two people at our school who are involved with that and they always seem to have things going on yeah and and's cousins they now and again go along do they yeah? yeah well there's some you know? they
306. gosh new stop added to the leeds bradford line it says there a new station oh right oh amazing amazing gosh something's happening over there eh yeah it's a pitch it's school i think the school oh yeah i think it belongs to this private school up here they're having some kind of football rally or something nice view now just down over the next bridge it i used to
307. added to the leeds bradford line it says there a new station oh right oh amazing amazing gosh something's happening over there eh yeah it's a pitch it's school i think the school oh yeah i think it belongs to this private school up here they're having some kind of football rally or something nice view now just down over the next bridge it i used to live on my boat
308. new station oh right oh amazing amazing gosh something's happening over there eh yeah it's a pitch it's school i think the school oh yeah i think it belongs to this private school up here they're having some kind of football rally or something nice view now just down over the next bridge it i used to live on my boat oh yeah? past the canal i used to live
309. for some reason i get a text message from the operator saying your message has been sent oh yeah seems to be a lot of bus stops yeah not quite sure why that is yeah there's another school can you go on your phone and find out whwhat the road number is for? i certainly can yeah i can get mobile data yeah like as in a a something something look coppers yeah
310. s not an insignificant amount of money um and you had to buy all your costumes and and stuff so i think it was sort of taken as reasonable but like yeah i had to get a day off school every time i did a show really? yeah how on ear you earth were you allowed to do that? i think it was argued to be a sort of enriching experience oh i figured it was
314. just keep er cos they are legally obliged to provide for a full education or at least access to a full education i think you could be arguing that's breaching their duty of care the school can't legally stop them mm but social services probably could yeah i think it would be a case of if you're doing it and it you know and it's not being it's
315. of anyone who has any power to do anything about it then whereas if it was every you know two weeks every term they'd probably say something but you can do it it's just the school doesn't like it do you find at work that there's er that the office is a lot quieter during school holidays? mm not really yeah cos most people's kids are still quite
320. past houses on either side and there was kind of ones like that yeah it was kind of in like a spo like a spoke sort of shape d'you know what i mean? yeah the school was in the middle and there was like sort of the s the spokes of these like uh yeah like uh yeah anyway and i went to this sleepover once and we were watching these horror films and
325. like sort of like some euthanizing like yeah they had like a thing with the you know the pop the population was too so in a in a way to do this with er like they put school children onto the yeah and the game is called battle royale yeah yeah battle royale is a great idea apparently er when the suzanne is it suzanne collins or something like that yeah who wrote this the very sh when
326. so in it he's erm he's like a science fiction writer but it's so low budget but it's about that kind of do you remember like do you remember your school library when you were a kid and like the weird book covers you'd have like seventies? right like do you w do you know what i'm talking about? yeah well they do you remember
328. other people have put on their pin board and put it on yours i see and then and like you can use it to like if you were creating you know did you ever do it design like at school where you were creating mood boards and stuff? uh yeah i think i've used uh whether you can use it like a wiki you mean work with other people? so if you were like looking
329. ? it was like loads it was about this was so weird like from there was about tw mm twenty maybe like fifteen people who live in in s these mountains and they all went to the same school and they've all ended up in just completely coincidentally oh right okay like it's so weird so like who's the friend's house i went to and then who's he was
330. like so do you think that you do you not think that it might be easier to learn if your friends speak german to you? you're forced into learning? yeah but everybody speaks english at school isn't but it's germany surely i mean i know they choose to but surely generally speaking they have to speak german yeah they do but they also want to speak english like people who want to
332. is so high you need to be earning their salary but obviously she wants to have a rest and a break and yeah erm it's gonna be fairly hard i mean obviously unless she teaches summer school mm what is she really gonna be doing? yeah quite until the schools go back in september or whenever they start back i mean luckily the curriculum doesn't sound like it's that different to ours
333. she would erm the pgce is recognised globally so right so she shouldn't have much of a problem she wouldn't it's just i mean how many jobs are there for primary school teachers? well this is it i mean certainly in the uk if you don't have a job by the spring the summer term yeah you won't have a job for september oscar in or out
335. nice i think that's a good you know with aims to be i couldn't see that cos of the i know that's why i threw it with aims to becoming head of school nice like professor yeah what would you be? oh i don't know i'm trying to walk through and see all the all the places where i oh nice are we talking are we talking realistic
338. the work the day before and you pass it that day you don't have to study yeah definitely definitely and really work and go over the same subject what what most surprised me when i was in school doing er the training was that kids don't have a any kind of work eth work ethic they they seem to come to school to widen their social circle yeah and that's it they
339. same subject what what most surprised me when i was in school doing er the training was that kids don't have a any kind of work eth work ethic they they seem to come to school to widen their social circle yeah and that's it they're in class talking about some what someone posted on facebook the night before and you're like er excuse me can you kind of like
342. mm and my dad worked in the post office all his life so i came out with a fairly mm mm you know normal upbringing i went to solihull school and i went to solihull school because my brother got a full scholarship so my parents uh - huh with the help of granddad could pay for me basically so i was very lucky with that you know so i came from a mm mm
343. the circumstances you know um parents er kids i speak to that's right people um some parents i speak to sort of say right well i've got to get my kids into solihull school so you know people there don't you? and i know the headmaster i play golf with him really? so they say so you know if can we bung him some money and he'll
345. good actually those long films i can't remember what they were now have we not watched them together? i should i brought them round to yours once nearly crashed into me then i know yeah that school bus yeah why didn't he stay still till i repositioned myself? i think laurel and hardy is so good yeah well i'll if i bring my boxset that'll that '
352. right through aren't you? yeah no it should be fine cos i think i don't know what'll happen but we'll probably have alternate weeks to go and visit the school so it should be fine i just work around it it won't be a problem oh okay so i can go go out for a few days yeah yeah a camper van in the country park sounds
353. she's in? yeah er no she'd no she doesn't no cos she goes straight home to mm mm we've got a second year yeah er student from her that school school mm wh we're not we're from it's not called in sixth form isn't it? oh right mm it's called in sixth form yeah she just as you
354. ' s in? yeah er no she'd no she doesn't no cos she goes straight home to mm mm we've got a second year yeah er student from her that school school mm wh we're not we're from it's not called in sixth form isn't it? oh right mm it's called in sixth form yeah she just as you may
356. really good teacher erm she was easy on the eye which'll go down well with the italians and the spanish students coming across and of course what happens? she got poached by another school and we offered her a more permanent contract oh right but erm ah these things happen mm mm but er no going back to your computer erm you've got no excuse now not to use pre
365. massive desktop with that humongous monitor that took up the whole desk oh my god yeah and i told them at middle school i was the computer girl cos we had one computer in our middle school and that was the library computer that every night was locked away and every night i went in and got it and i was like the computer girl i had to set up the computer make sure the program was
366. was like the computer girl i had to set up the computer make sure the program was working for the library books and it was new and everyone was really excited we've got a new computer in school am i really that old? oh my god and i told them that erm i told them that i didn't have a phone till the second year mm was it second year i got a phone
368. yeah just to keep going yeah just to earn a back and mum used to say well you home already? oh yeah haven't you done anything? but she she cos because she was old school and they were always brought up to do like an eight hour and eight - hour day at least eight hours at least yeah but the what she didn't take into consideration was the fact
372. one mm that will allow me to go into all the different schools i've got to go in to oh right do my training but i've already got one yeah i already work in a school with kids why have i got to spend out fif and so it's fifty - two quid on this dbs i've got to have the medical the health questionnaire that i '
373. it's charged but it's not working with vulnerable like if my dbs was from like working with yeah vulnerable adults yeah and then going to children but mine was done to work in the school did you have one for when you came to? no they just took my one from the school oh did they? yeah they photocopied that because you never they they they always pay for cl
375. that because you never they they they always pay for cls what's the difference between dbs and crb? yeah that's the thing i've got a crb at the school which i then carried over but it's what's a dbs then? i have no id it's basically the same thing but i just think it's oh maybe a bit more
376. that's probably why the nurses always pay for your crb check for people who are yeah oh start working there don't they? no they just photocopied my one from the school because like you say it's just to check i haven't got a criminal record yeah and that's the same yeah whether it's working with kids or with vulnerable adults oh coming and
377. not too bad with bills and stuff yeah it's just like t two minutes down the road oh so it's really close perfect yeah sort of roll out of the bed and go to the school in the morning and is it a small place? it's er what what was it that about the other place that you didn't like? or was it just the price? do you you
379. they've got a good pass rate but that's probably just cos they whip their students until they pass the damn thing so you will pass your test you will bring shame onto our driving school if you don't it seems like that gosh yeah i know i probably should try a few others and just out of interest how much extra did it cost your parents to put you on their?
380. yeah you need to go home or something breaks down then yeah it's a problem mm but yeah but it just seems here even um the one of the newly qualified teachers at my er at the school i was in before december she was struggling on a teaching salary okay she'd started off on the the lowest what is the lowest? eighteen? twenty - two eight hundred? i think the cost of
381. yeah and the other thing is there is still quite a big language barrier i mean i would have t i feel like if i made a commitment to going back i would have to go back to language school mhm just to improve my spoken but i'm always gonna be have the huge barrier of reading and writing yeah because that is not something you can make up that's like prr ten years
382. marginalized doesn't it and yeah er i'm not the brightest when it comes to languages they're pretty hard like especially japanese such a difficult language though surely there's different alphabet school's expensive too it's like a hundred and sixty thousand for three months oo ff that's like three four hou four hours tuition a day and i was doing that and working eight
383. it was when i've done it cos they the majority of the time they would take her side not the same even social services yeah even that teacher now speaks to oh yeah? what at school? it yeah taking side? yeah believes every single thing she says but she wants to stop doing that that's not a good idea crikey it's terrible well i the think it was
386. be a bit more well he he level - headed his mate is he's at his best mate oh yeah yeah yeah he said he's oh is it? he couldn't remember which school he went to yeah well it's the only one i can think of? oh there's there's like there's i think it was going to probably but he went although there was
389. way described it i was like that's like that's literally like something for social services to consider they went to the superm er went to the supermark shop whatever to get his new school trousers and they picked up nine to ten not because he's a he's he's not very tall but it's because of his waist yeah and they still didn't fit him
394. have anything with bones in cos of the little kids well could swallow them easily well they're not gonna swallow these easily but well you could get those little bones yeah are you talking about hot school dinners? yeah oh what about when you see granny? does she still do roast dinners and things for you? yeah but sometimes we don't get we get drummies you get drummies? no
396. see where you win and you win the teddy as a prize cool so i'm going to almost join is it at lunchtime? erm it's in the afternoon afternoon in the actual school day? uhu yeah mm classes come in mm? classes come in uhu and like one at a time? yeah of course year sixes won't mm yeah cos cos they '
398. you still got your wallet? parents are allowed to come well then it's after school then isn't it? and erm erm i think there's a bit aafter school okay i think i saw and something about it in the bulletin but i haven't read it yet got a the chicken stuck in my teeth and that's what dental floss is for erm
399. i would never have thought in a million years that i could do something like that so i would never have considered it as an option oh but if i went if i was now if i was at school now i'd be thinking do you know what? i might go and join the circus for a little bit i might do but never join it i would only do it if if you were with me
400. yeah i mean that feels familiar but it's not where i grew up mm but where i grew up that area has changed the most like they've completely changed that area and like built a school there now and the bypass through it and everything? and do you remember? yeah i remember but i haven't been back there i don't i don't doubt that it's changed
401. travel around the world yeah it bothers me as well that i feel like at the age of four you kind of have to give your child up for the state and just kind of like oh yeah school is now notary you've got to do it you got to give your child up and i don't really agree with the way they teach in schools or how schools are in general and the
402. push them it's terrible what they put their children through it's horrible they may have the second best schooling in the world but it's horrible i mean if you take the average high school stu they have no childhood none whatsoever they all do private schooling so from the what do you mean? they don't play? i mean they play at school i guess but it's chores when
404. from the what do you mean? they don't play? i mean they play at school i guess but it's chores when they come home and it's not chores it's school again i mean oh studies yeah if you take the average high school student they pretty much in a lot of the schools live on site they'll go to school they'll go to school at like
413. to uni in fact this is they call it school they don't really see it as something different in england we wouldn't we wouldn't say universities as schools it's not school it's almost mandatory yeah it's just like school yeah no yeah so they kind of call it school yeah and they don't really understand when i'm like no uni is not
415. england we wouldn't we wouldn't say universities as schools it's not school it's almost mandatory yeah it's just like school yeah no yeah so they kind of call it school yeah and they don't really understand when i'm like no uni is not school then they're like yeah it is but like yeah i mean the word means school and university is which
418. ' t really understand when i'm like no uni is not school then they're like yeah it is but like yeah i mean the word means school and university is which means like grand school you know what i'm saying? yeah it's school you know? so on the one hand some of their society it's quite regimented in their studies yeah absolutely very important and it
419. not school then they're like yeah it is but like yeah i mean the word means school and university is which means like grand school you know what i'm saying? yeah it's school you know? so on the one hand some of their society it's quite regimented in their studies yeah absolutely very important and it's sad because they're very naive and very like not
420. travelling more and travelling more is opening up their eyes to ways other people live and what's going on so the society i come back to england and i say oh they've built a new school or something but really england's changing very slowly it's not it's not really changing like is changing very very quickly and they like they don't leave any buildings to stand every time
421. i'm on a boat that's going to sink i'm not going to stay inside yeah but three hundred people three hundred children died whatever happened to those children that were abducted from that school? we heard any more about that? in? no not in in england? oh i'm not sure what country it was now erm yeah i don't think i ever heard about that
422. ? in? no not in in england? oh i'm not sure what country it was now erm yeah i don't think i ever heard about that they were just taken from the school weren't they? yes yeah no i know that's about several weeks back now yeah yeah months i never heard it where's your toilet? it's just down around the corner yeah
424. fly yeah yeah you tell us too much we know the things you ought to tell us all lies all lies i was always try trying to be one of the boys mm yeah no it's our school was on sky news on friday sky news was it? yeah well they had just published this thing about obesity and how it's dropped in the last couple oh yeah of years et cetera so they
425. principal she's the principal of this the academy she can do what she wants yeah be but the problem she's having is when you when you're a head or principal of your own school yeah it is different to being principal or head in a federation because the federation has rules yeah of what we can and can't do where so if you need to do so if you need to do
426. you parents said no you do it you do it i mean i had a a problem when i was student his parents had says he couldn't have his picture taken yeah and it was a whole school photo and he wanted he wanted to be in it yeah yeah and his parents said he couldn't and then he he asked me could you phone up and say what it is and i went yeah of
427. say what it is and i went yeah of course i can if that's what you want so i phoned up and they were like well what is it i said it's a whole school photo and he would like to be in it with all his mates yeah with all his mates and it was like oh what's it gonna be used for i says it's not going to be
428. mates yeah with all his mates and it was like oh what's it gonna be used for i says it's not going to be used for anything it's yeah it is a whole school photo yeah you know and the problem is knowing some of the parents they don't want the pictures taken because if their son or daughter does something wrong you've got an image of them saying who
429. they decided that was fine at the end though yeah well we were we filmed our kids at the nativity yeah i mean i think i think one person if i remember rightly on person in the school kicked up about it one person yeah and it was only one and because one person kicks up then because the way that headteacher was and knew what was going on with the press she went no blanket no
430. sure but they're all gonna have to do it right and this is the year group that wasn't allowed to pick its options last year in year eight to go into year nine because the school had gone back to a traditional way of picking oh i see yeah mm right so there will be some disruption there right so and because the new principal had used this course at her old school which was relatively
431. because the school had gone back to a traditional way of picking oh i see yeah mm right so there will be some disruption there right so and because the new principal had used this course at her old school which was relatively successful which is back to two worth two gcse's you know oh i see yeah doesn't personally yes it's a it's a qualification point that has no
432. you got a warm coat? wow because if you haven't got one we'll buy you one with your pupil pre premium what? and i'm thinking what pupil premium goes into the school designed for the staff pays for some of your staff yeah cos that's the way the bosses used it yeah yeah it doesn't go to the students it brought staff on so you had more
433. right now when you've got x amount of schools within your federation yeah all that money goes into a pot and then it gets shared out shared out with erm i don't know yeah school equipment's more important really than buying coats and that i always thought books and equipment yeah are education you know mm yeah we've got all these ipads and everything yeah and she's taken
434. on it oh i see oh okay where are we? where are we? okay now i i think have they blocked facebook and all them sort of things? well facebook is supposed to be blocked in school it is yeah but if you've got a smartphone with internet connection you you pay for it so it don't make any difference does it? no what about twitter and all that if you '
436. ploughing enormous amounts of money into education but there was no improvement in results mm so it was kind of throwing money at the wall and you know like for example when i taught in the secondary school they had all these laptops that they brought in erm and we never used them because someone decided some health and safety committee after they were bought that it wasn't safe to have all these leads
437. for her and you but not for me then the following week one day yeah we'll go to yeah? and you can get anything you haven't already got cos i think you need school trousers yeah but you might get those in yeah anyway i need to go to the as well in as well yes the building society yeah cos er i've got a bit of cash to put in
438. coming up again and they've asked but can't make it what a surprise well yeah so she wants to go there and i said to d oh i hate it there it's like school dinners it's a horrible place to go yes so he told me this morning it's not very nice and then erm i said well have we gotta go? and he said well yeah i
439. wanna go i hate it there it's horrible you feel quite ill as you're eating yeah it's vile it's always cold it's uncomfortable yeah yeah yeah it smells of school dinner well you know don't you? yeah yeah yeah i might not go it can't be worth breaking the diet for that can it? no i don't think so what you doing
446. whether that's gonna be something that you have to worry about but she said she's looked into it and it's not but i don't kn i suppose it's primary school really know it's a bit more well they um flexible with her visa they said are you gonna be teaching for longer than three months? and if so give us all your health records and you '
448. explain everything whereas they don't elicit things it was it was interesting mm and i think it will probably have a place in a classroom but i don't think in an adult private language school you could use it as the wh sole no method no because i mean you can't use anything as a sole method can you? if i was set work for the thing though but as i
449. ? it's a bit more predictable wouldn't it? yeah so you would have an idea with kids from the curriculum that they've already set it for the first five years of their school or ten years you'd have a really clear idea of what yeah they will have been exposed yeah to whereas adults you wouldn't would you? but that's a good but the idea of
450. other questions which keeps coming up again and again and again oh no that's not relevant actually so one of the things he did was he gave us this list of ways to represent information that state school teachers use all the time uhu and asked us to try and work out what what each of them were erm this was my favourite so this is this is a tree diagram this was my version of
451. oh they do the sort of experimental things to say mm i'm gonna look at what happens if you do this okay or another way of doing this mm and then they keep trying things and the school kind of just supports them with i dunno and then they share their oh okay what they found out and one of them was an example of this woman who tried to use she said when she asked concept
452. and i sai they mean whiteboards rather than tablets really? yes wh this may have been a while ago okay yeah maybe maybe not yeah but then tablets? really? for the whole i know school? but a mini whiteboard yeah that's what it was but then she sort of tried various initial little snippets and she found that that it was actually they wou found it a
453. oh really? mm it was erm his basic point was talking about what he was saying basically was kind of standardisation okay was the key he was saying that erm you have to have a school needs to have well a house style okay that that was his thing okay a house style that erm like a a brand he was saying you know all language schools kind of saying we're a friendly
454. ' s a really good way to well that's exactly what he was saying protect your teachers well look i know that this happens in your class yeah but that's what he was saying every school should be able to do is say yeah i know yeah yeah that these basic things happen in yeah every class we have mm which is true you know when you think about it yeah you do need to take
455. which is true you know when you think about it yeah you do need to take responsibility with what's happe you can't just say this is true it's nice working at the school because they don't interfere too much mm but you can't just say i have no idea what's going on in the classes yeah so he was saying and this way you can guarantee okay
456. the classes yeah so he was saying and this way you can guarantee okay yeah and you can say to students there's a minimum guarantee that this is however this will happen in every class but the school have just got an outstanding for their teaching yeah so there's got to be lots of good things going on and there's got to be well that's what i never got to raise with
457. say he was talking about certain teachers who won't do this and will do this and blah blah and i said i said if teachers are very popular yeah and they teach well uhu would a school really want to get rid of them in order to get teachers who will do things the way that you mm that's quite extreme isn't it? want to? mm cos he was basically
458. ' t say that but you know you'd have to if you need this interesting wouldn't you? and he said erm he sai mentioned this something about the charismatic teacher he said every school has one you know the charismatic teacher the one who plays the bloody guitar the one that all the students love but the one he said the one that whenever you're talking about students and problems with classes
459. won't follow any rules cos they'll say well why should i change what i do? what i do is great erm i think there is more than one team breaker at the school i just yes i can pinpoint two yeah oh that's bad isn't it? well it used to be more than that to be honest did there? mm i think another one who was
460. wanted to say he'd be lucky to have the choice though that's where i wanted to say i don't know about all your schools but or i was gonna say in a certain school cos i was in a room with dosses so i we know you can't say it then which so i was going to say i think in some schools mm the choice between doing these things
461. annoying those teachers and losing them yeah not just getting rid of them but yeah them leaving yeah yeah in order to create this team that you think you need well going with managing change erm my old school when it was taken over i would have thought they'd leave because they all hate it and still yeah hate it and have had all of these changes completely thrust upon them which they are supposed to follow
462. ##ack just from anything he says and does uhu from certain people and okay and it would be really hard work but you do think it is kind of the responsibility do you know what? of the school and there should be certain things that we all do you know what? one of the things that came up bearing in mind it was a very minor thing one of the things that came up on our last
463. responsibility oh okay that that must include all teachers and i was just trying to imagine any of that stuff at work what do you mean? what do you mean the collective responsibility? that that that the school that everybody takes collective responsibility for what happens oh that's in the school but then but then if you're going to take collective responsibility then you have to have you have to this sounds ridiculous you
464. imagine any of that stuff at work what do you mean? what do you mean the collective responsibility? that that that the school that everybody takes collective responsibility for what happens oh that's in the school but then but then if you're going to take collective responsibility then you have to have you have to this sounds ridiculous you have to you have to have collective responsibility you have to foster the culture of
465. from mm they just nothing ever changes i was thinking today though of the it's just always the same core people isn't it? amount of variety yeah in this job in the kind of school mm general english school where you have yeah have kids adults all those yeah different kinds of courses yeah i though god imagine if you're teaching in like a proper place where all you do is one type
466. nothing ever changes i was thinking today though of the it's just always the same core people isn't it? amount of variety yeah in this job in the kind of school mm general english school where you have yeah have kids adults all those yeah different kinds of courses yeah i though god imagine if you're teaching in like a proper place where all you do is one type of you could really
467. so the variety with that comes from the the variety in that context comes from the subjects the different subjects you're studying mm but it's not as wide as you get in a general english school mm it would be boring yeah it would but i would like a little bit more chance to even remember how i used to do things and start do that again before yeah doing the next thing cos sometimes
468. s standardise yourself yeah give yourself a board plan but iwbs oh i just can't write anything on them that looks even vaguely organised i was talking to at the it's so school about iwbs actually and i was mm well my point was i rea i think they're great but in the when i was teaching in the summer i didn't have mm have the
469. yeah right erm improved productivity motivation sense of community student results mm improved students'results maybe at a university not quite sure it's so hard to measure student results in a continuous enrolment school mm definitely how do you know if they had a different teacher that did things differently? they would have well quite often they do have different teachers but then oh a lot yes but then they always see that
470. yeah so he just said it was all so he said it was down to teachers are not in isolation no don't work with students in isolation okay then you've also got the students outside school time you've got their all this other erm and and you should not think of themselves a victim of forces beyond their control that sounds familiar ah when teachers are s sort of saying i don '
471. saying i don't know what that was actually erm but variable quality i think with i think so he's talking really about standardising certain things i think with those and and for a school to be able to say well all our teachers do this yeah in a class and all out teachers do that in a class but i think with those teachers they just they seem to forget that they've
472. quietly gets on with it yeah yeah yeah okay what else did he say? oh yeah he got us to erm make a circley thing yeah and think of yourself and two other teachers in your school okay and think of that's a then where that's a then diagram okay is it? yes it is that's what i learnt in my clil and looking at these things think about
473. most of them just had me and for the whole summer mm so it was well the pre - intermediate forever er behaviour has to be seen to be shared oh what? they should so the managers the school have to do the same as well? should be able to provide certain guarantees for lessons no matter like what? what teacher you have well that'll be the same oh for students? no matter what
474. guarded guarded atmosphere compartmentalised involves personal is and emotive posh word group non - posh word group conflict involves personality and motives if you're looking at the whole team of the school as a whole big time especially with the directors erm oh forcing decisions there we go motivation personal goals ignored individual achievement valued without individual achievement valued without concern for the group is that on the part of the
475. praise i would put it's quite hard to offering praise do that lower than three with that team i would put it at two well i was thinking about towards students oh wait oh not to the school oh i was thinking within the team oh to each other? yeah that's what i was no i was just thinking in terms of what they do with the students? well i don't know
476. here but then other ones i mean you throw into the mix and think yes mm well i don't think praise is anywhere there though even if you put in the next no not not about the school no i d i wasn't thinking about that though no about about i so i'm thinking of it within the teaching team how people work together that's wh i don't i
477. but also so i would put that lower i was very aware that i was sitting in a room of dosses yeah who yeah yeah are not gonna say who know i'm at a really shit school oh yeah that's true actually it's really crap at my school and we all hate each other and i don't have any kind of team because that's what they're responsible
478. sitting in a room of dosses yeah who yeah yeah are not gonna say who know i'm at a really shit school oh yeah that's true actually it's really crap at my school and we all hate each other and i don't have any kind of team because that's what they're responsible for so i thought well i can't that's interesting actually and
479. don't have any kind of team because that's what they're responsible for so i thought well i can't that's interesting actually and the person that was with me european school oh? she said she she was the assistant oh she's actually dos the dos though she's been there for fifteen years she's the assistant dos the only reason she's not the
480. much works there by herself she's the o the only teacher really right so's position she's been the a dos for years like ten years mm well she's been in the school for about ten years or fifteen years she's the a - dos and effectively she does a dos job but she doesn't have the delta so what they have is and this is what i '
481. bit of film then innit? same a bit of film yeah yeah yeah yeah that's that's quite amazing absolutely amazing mm we can always talk to about it oh yes because at the school that she was at in was a was a school which i think became part of their big academy oh yes that big academy yeah yeah it's quite a big one now isn't it? yeah
482. of film yeah yeah yeah yeah that's that's quite amazing absolutely amazing mm we can always talk to about it oh yes because at the school that she was at in was a was a school which i think became part of their big academy oh yes that big academy yeah yeah it's quite a big one now isn't it? yeah the the labour party are just as bad as the
484. winter then nineteen forty - seven oh yes we nineteen forty - seven was a really bad year yeah yeah i remember walking er trying to walk to school and giving up because it was just this is primary school yeah erm yes we sent a a larger boy oh not we personally but the parparents got boy he got down there and he got back and he said you know not possible i mean the the
485. number from the website as a bookings officer for the hall and she's doing a project looking at rural schools old well oh present and old rural schools and of course the village hall was the school the old school yeah the old school so she wants to meet she wanted to get into the hall and i said it would probably better if i meet you mm and then i can show you around and you
486. website as a bookings officer for the hall and she's doing a project looking at rural schools old well oh present and old rural schools and of course the village hall was the school the old school yeah the old school so she wants to meet she wanted to get into the hall and i said it would probably better if i meet you mm and then i can show you around and you know if you
487. ##s officer for the hall and she's doing a project looking at rural schools old well oh present and old rural schools and of course the village hall was the school the old school yeah the old school so she wants to meet she wanted to get into the hall and i said it would probably better if i meet you mm and then i can show you around and you know if you have questions so er
488. weren't it? yeah and the other intriguing thing which i came across where i ha because i haven't read this bit for a long while was that erm it was always a small school because of course itself is is is very small yeah and er they didn't have a problem exactly but the younger children from were being sent to in preference to the school oh right where i imagine this
489. it was always a small school because of course itself is is is very small yeah and er they didn't have a problem exactly but the younger children from were being sent to in preference to the school oh right where i imagine this it was perhaps a more i don't know informal comfortable situation than having a a very big school well there were there were three weren't there? there was the
490. but the younger children from were being sent to in preference to the school oh right where i imagine this it was perhaps a more i don't know informal comfortable situation than having a a very big school well there were there were three weren't there? there was the one and there's the one and there was the one that by oh right yes the erm yes what school? it is
491. very big school well there were there were three weren't there? there was the one and there's the one and there was the one that by oh right yes the erm yes what school? it is called what's what's the name of the little? there's a one of the lanes fire erm there was a school there that was a school was it? which
492. oh right yes the erm yes what school? it is called what's what's the name of the little? there's a one of the lanes fire erm there was a school there that was a school was it? which remembers as existing yes talking to him oh right he's coming along to meet her actually cos he'll he'll fill in any gaps he
494. it would have filled the building quite a lot yeah the main hall there mm and the other thing which i think is wrong in the book there's a photograph which they claim is of the old school and i don't think it is isn't it? because the buil they there's a the most significant part of the building is the bit which is on the front well that isn
498. mum always loved him mm ah and so erm i've forgotten where we were going with this and then pretty much his dad died and then he's thought like what was the point in school? his grandad's still alive? no because his dad and then and then good question though yeah and then he thought oh what was the point? and so but he wanted to do art how
501. ##fore he joined the army? mm he erm he was assured that er that er a jew person was head and told him that he could not er he couldn't be allowed into the school and so then er he he also had sort after that he heard someone else saying that the jews just take their jobs and everything and that's where his hate for the jews became really? because yeah
502. he heard someone else saying that the jews just take their jobs and everything and that's where his hate for the jews became really? because yeah because a jew wouldn't let him into art school? yeah so where did his hate for people that weren't of the true blood what the blonde hair and? yeah yeah the blonde hair and blue eyes? no he thought he thought like that they
505. film did you find out who else got the forty - two pounds? no i told you that's my forty - two pound no it's not cos me and went to war at school complaining about the place oh you said it was just went to war yeah it was me and no you said it was just i said it was me and i did not go into a meeting without me a
506. ask him i can't believe they're gonna give you compensation when you broke the window no nor me i can't believe that either are you sure? i can't believe the school would send us a cheque without any explanation as to why i mean just to sitstick a cheque in an envelope and post it to us and leave us to work out why the school is paying
507. the school would send us a cheque without any explanation as to why i mean just to sitstick a cheque in an envelope and post it to us and leave us to work out why the school is paying us yeah for all we know it could like even be about i i i have no idea why i've never received a cheque from a school before i think it's good i
508. leave us to work out why the school is paying us yeah for all we know it could like even be about i i i have no idea why i've never received a cheque from a school before i think it's good i think that's a new trend i mean they're they're always asking for money they don't would you would you they don't give
509. don't give it out they always ask for money would you raise questions if you got a cheque for forty - two pound every month like? well we were all i was gonna ring the school on monday and say why have you sent us a cheque? why would you do that? because it's not normal for a school to send you a cheque just a cheque no explanation
510. like? well we were all i was gonna ring the school on monday and say why have you sent us a cheque? why would you do that? because it's not normal for a school to send you a cheque just a cheque no explanation mum i've told you i got kicked off the french trip because my my french behaviour wasn't good well i'm telling you
511. but some of it says non - refundable doesn't it? i don't know he's not got that's not our decision he hasn't got kicked off the school trip it's just weird for the school to send us a cheque i will buy a swegway didn't we? what? sorry i didn't understand that? we would buy
512. ##ble doesn't it? i don't know he's not got that's not our decision he hasn't got kicked off the school trip it's just weird for the school to send us a cheque i will buy a swegway didn't we? what? sorry i didn't understand that? we would buy a swegway wouldn't we?
513. s not show us you look like a plonker too let me see where were you? what is what is going on with your eyes? they just look weird where were you? so the school just gave us forty - two quid what does that mean? why has he got the question mark did he not get a cheque? i don't know i don't think so he
514. ' s not my fault that sh no i'm joking yeah i miss the days when bullying was like a thing no i'm joking good old bullying good old bullying was there much in your school? not that i can remember can you remember anything from your school? remember any of the i can't remember the the lessons at least i can't remember much no it's quite bad
515. i miss the days when bullying was like a thing no i'm joking good old bullying good old bullying was there much in your school? not that i can remember can you remember anything from your school? remember any of the i can't remember the the lessons at least i can't remember much no it's quite bad really isn't it? i can rememremem
516. or two things like happening i remember like the the last days of term were always the most scary because the year elevens used to do their leaving things and they used to just run riot around the school and i remember really? going and hiding really? yeah they used to just like the teachers used to try and stop them and they used to just do stuff what like? like mess things up one one
517. leavers'thing like then? did the year elevens do anything? no oh no you didn't do anything? you didn't like behead anyone? no no oh quite tame school very civilised nothing really happened yeah i was just kind of happy to leave yeah just standard stuff we had like a er assembly but where we had like a video of like all the pictures from like the
518. together we all live in the same house ridiculous it's i dunno i don't think i keep in contact with anyone from mm actually oh wasn't from he was from the other school wasn't he? he was from the other one the bad school you talk about no his school was much better his was like his was like middle of the range middle of the range to upper of
519. ##o i don't think i keep in contact with anyone from mm actually oh wasn't from he was from the other school wasn't he? he was from the other one the bad school you talk about no his school was much better his was like his was like middle of the range middle of the range to upper of the range like it was an academy okay and mine was literally bottom oh
520. i keep in contact with anyone from mm actually oh wasn't from he was from the other school wasn't he? he was from the other one the bad school you talk about no his school was much better his was like his was like middle of the range middle of the range to upper of the range like it was an academy okay and mine was literally bottom oh it was like my school then
521. school was much better his was like his was like middle of the range middle of the range to upper of the range like it was an academy okay and mine was literally bottom oh it was like my school then mine was like yeah like it was called a community college oh so was mine yeah community school or community college can't remember community definitely co john smith as er as in the beer? no no
523. er oh okay don't know who that is there's a plaque saying he was some man who did something but don't know what he did sociopath dunno why he made a school yeah's was a a comprehensive as well but like it was a nicer one academy deemed yeah that's er that's good that's cool no just slightly cooler than us like they
524. actually well no nor have i well there was lots of ones at but i was never like they used to have these huge organised fights against oh yeah no er we've spoken about this before my school used to do that with erm oh yeah they used to like i think it was oh oh oh yeah well but you never used to get involved did you? no no i was out one night when
525. it's like he it's about a guy who's who's gay stephen fry is gay so obviously okay he's gay at like he's an all - boy grammar school and he's a bit gay there and then he leaves and like goes to university goes to cambridge and he kind of doesn't do anything he just kind of makes it or like plagiaris
526. day today do they have that in china? oh yeah oh what same day? i presume so so it's the end of their new year now yeah it's finished everyone is back school is back to back to work when did when does that finish? i think erm half way through february oh right well went back to school this week so maybe i don't know maybe most of
530. ' m lower intermediate in spanish yeah education you went to secondary school? yeah did you go to sixth form or college? no no i went to u er college at work but er not at with school i did that further education when i was yeah that's fine that counts as college yeah that's college in what's your job title erm i'm now a customer services agent customer
533. sorry actually she she had a private education it was private oh so does that not count? in secondary school private you were privately educated weren't you? you were at yeah which is a private school well what difference does that make it's still secondary isn't it? it's still well it's not well i well yeah i suppose so but it's not it's
534. summer but then off season it'll be about twenty pounds for like one thing what? oh no joke it goes up to like forty thousand yuan like twenty pounds god did you buy in bulk from school yes yeah i have to so i buy celery when it's cheap and then i get home and i freeze the leaves so i use the leaves for like soup and stuff and then i blend
536. ' s not very cheap between here and i remember you saying that before it's about forty pound and that's a day return did your erm did you get a reference from your your school with it? my last job? yeah yeah they still owe me quite a bit of money cos you had to forfeit your erm erm wwith your first time you were out there you
537. him then but erm even more remarkable one have any of you flown in a plane out of korea? not one of them and you think if you said that even in a sink erm hole school here replete with council chavs half of them in that s class would put their hands up and say yeah we've been to spain or something like that these are the top people's in
541. two different types of pancake mixture so hey i guess we'll be reusing it that way mm? we'd erm soon we might need to get my a container for the forest school for the forest? for what? might need to get a container for forest school for forest school? what do you need a container for? you know the small container for drink you just need a cart
547. i'll get you some water thank you sit down but dad's in charge of that because daddy is going to be taking you guys into school on the same day as's doing forest school so i've told him that he needs to do that when is it? i beg your pardon? when is it? it's this thursday morning woah so that's in one day
548. isn't the best thing to have bins in the shape of animals or mushrooms but anyway it was the most expensive one yeah was it? yeah how do you guys know that? because the school councillors decided er decided it and it was mentioned in assembly what? and they chose the most expensive one? yeah the school councillors chosen the most expensive one i want to be a school councillor have you not
549. one yeah was it? yeah how do you guys know that? because the school councillors decided er decided it and it was mentioned in assembly what? and they chose the most expensive one? yeah the school councillors chosen the most expensive one i want to be a school councillor have you not been one yet? no oh not everyone in the class can be a school councillor no you were weren't you?
552. you know come and stay for two or three days you know it's like get the right and he sort of said you know okay but he's a doctor right? and getting back to school was in the end but when said no you worry and still talk about aches and pains he must be absolutely sick of it yeah he must be mustn't he? yeah cos it '
553. er i finished with it and then mm robins nests cut the robins nests but they will come a back again next week so they're at the back of my garden where they er the school is a place at the back they planted it they laid the hedge oh right yeah cos i'd been complaining all the triangles were going through and the kids were hurting themselves and and couldn't
555. hear is your own voice yep no that's not standard that's probably not standard is it you fucking retard twat oh huh i spoke to my sc high school today your high school? about getting your certificates? yep huh r bearing in mind i have called them twi on two different occasions before and they've told me they don't have access to mine cos they
556. resp um a duty of care yeah you were a student once yeah do you know what i mean? it's not like you you you exit out the door it's not a big school liz really? it's not a big school it's not like a city school with thousands of students mm in the entire school there's two thousand students four hundred of those are sixth former
557. a student once yeah do you know what i mean? it's not like you you you exit out the door it's not a big school liz really? it's not a big school it's not like a city school with thousands of students mm in the entire school there's two thousand students four hundred of those are sixth formers oh right so it's not no it
558. i mean? it's not like you you you exit out the door it's not a big school liz really? it's not a big school it's not like a city school with thousands of students mm in the entire school there's two thousand students four hundred of those are sixth formers oh right so it's not no it's tiny yeah i can't
559. you you exit out the door it's not a big school liz really? it's not a big school it's not like a city school with thousands of students mm in the entire school there's two thousand students four hundred of those are sixth formers oh right so it's not no it's tiny yeah i can't believe they need your certificates from school when you
561. school when you've got a degree i know that's mental but they've said you know if we don't have the certificates this is the next best thing a letter from your school you'd think thanks for that bit of leeway yeah come on school buck it up no huh i mean i'm really ridiculous with things like that so i've kept all mine but i
563. having to actually you know strike up communication with your mum yeah so that was well worst case scenario then that's a trip to er the north so worst case scenario gonna go where's your school? wrexham? yeah near sheffield um uh also in ad in addition i rung the navy people mm and said look i don't know i'm i'm stuck now and i need to
564. m gonna fill out all the paperwork in the world they ever need and just give it to them there yeah nice instead of posting it well er hopefully you'll at least have your letter from the school by then mm fingers crossed fucking bastards huh i mean it seems unlikely i don't s they're probably they're probably passed on that probably was quite a challenging conversation for her i think that
566. know but vermillion is a very rich red also mm there's erm maroon maroon yes which is a type of purple also brown mm mm no there's some brown pens at school which are called maroon no well that's wrong cos maroon is a very dark purple yeah i know oh it's not proper brown cos remember i've said my joke there was a
568. go to the office then? she pulled it out of out of thin air i didn't know you and had gone to the actual office she's a magic monster did you go through the school to the office then? oh and what did she say? did she have a look and then realise? she said that she was i'm not talking to you no she she just gave it to
569. ze de de de de de de de de de de are you reading a book? what book? blah blah blah blah blah finished blah blah blah i remember i got really busted actually in my primary school cos you know there's like workbooks so like i had these really good orange pens so i just coloured all the pages in orange finished finished finished and then they used to hire hire? i
570. like right near the beach? i think we are i think we're just going to like dawdle our way the rest of the way yeah like go along the coast yeah from everybody off school bus kent is next to devon right? i don't totally not totally not is it next to it? london and then what what about on there? i don't know let's have
572. kid in the because he was like went through a phase when he was always working in the bakery and like i don't know why she started doing it she calls him mr i went to no school school she says oh intuitive i went to she didn't even get to who's? what's doing these days? he's doing this project for like some company which is like developing
573. in the because he was like went through a phase when he was always working in the bakery and like i don't know why she started doing it she calls him mr i went to no school school she says oh intuitive i went to she didn't even get to who's? what's doing these days? he's doing this project for like some company which is like developing er
574. not no no as you've heard this morning i forgot you were here sorry about that no i didn't even hear you erm i'm i i swear myself i went to drama school years ago yeah and we did a lot of swearing because we had to swear on stage yeah so you know you you you just tended well to to carry on swearing erm so getting back to this stuff
576. friend from school? was there as well and we kept on saying to her run run and she and she had to keep running with us sounds a bit scary to me and then we got to the school and then they arrived there and we got to this like mountain and er and there was one of these people where we could change ourselves into disney characters and stuff did you get? and and me were the
578. and then we went to this weird place where everyone is kind of happy and i had a dr previous dream before that which is where there were some people who needed to buy something to get into a school but then they filled up the school so they made the so it was first of all bless you it was like one pound to get the thing to go to the school mm and then since the school er
579. place where everyone is kind of happy and i had a dr previous dream before that which is where there were some people who needed to buy something to get into a school but then they filled up the school so they made the so it was first of all bless you it was like one pound to get the thing to go to the school mm and then since the school erm got filled up mm? either
581. school but then they filled up the school so they made the so it was first of all bless you it was like one pound to get the thing to go to the school mm and then since the school erm got filled up mm? either you were gonna buy a fake one or you could get the real one for a million pounds only a million pounds eh? yeah erm and first of all and
582. get the real one for a million pounds only a million pounds eh? yeah erm and first of all and your er second go was one pound mm and mm? then it was not at that school but there were some weird candy people that were always happy and if someone's always happy and they're a candy it's weird do they do they not get eaten by other people? er
584. so how many how many are they going to have? how many are they going to kids are not going to have many are they? mind you that's what i i was ordering them for school huh? were you? what do you think? three three billion i'm not saying three billion no i don't think it's that many that's that's three thousand million
586. have really straight roads yeah but do you know i was thinking that? route 66 it said it in that book and i remember telling me you know in like the southern states? erm so like school stops like a month early to just for the harvest basically cos children have to work on the ranches and you know the farms? oh and erm er you can get a driving licence as young
587. nice here that's the you what? really? i never tried there's a market there dad oh no it's closed oh there's little places down the back looks like a school it's just a little town isn't it? we'll sit and have a glass of wine or a drink do reckon we're there? that's why we're close
588. could drink out of it it's come up through through so much self - filtering seventy - seventy metres of kalahari sand apparently these are the night owl oh aren't they sweet at primary school which is in hwange national park and this is as we've arrived they're singing and dancing for us and then they took us into the classrooms and showed us their workbooks and er
595. play in the band but he didn't want to? no mm mm what was his sport? did he play any sport? no no he did music i'm i'm talking about school now you know? not not necessarily in erm like he did like he just plays school band cos at his age group you all had everybody had to do sport oh yeah i guess so like he
599. just saying well done chappies you know? i didn't know if you recognised did you recognise him? i did who was it? who's? he was he was from my school but he was like a year below so he's like he's in but he's like first year oh okay i thought he would have recognised you from erm he lives in does he
601. re they're doing a fair bit of research there is yes university mm in er in the medical on the medical side yes mm that's that's with isn't it? medical school partnership that's right mm mm mm so that is university er there as well? mm they call it that anyhow yeah right i think medical school or something medical school yeah mm mm mm and they
602. ' s with isn't it? medical school partnership that's right mm mm mm so that is university er there as well? mm they call it that anyhow yeah right i think medical school or something medical school yeah mm mm mm and they're they're doing a fair bit of research and and having some success like yes making some breakthroughs mm mm mind you on the medical side
603. ' t it? medical school partnership that's right mm mm mm so that is university er there as well? mm they call it that anyhow yeah right i think medical school or something medical school yeah mm mm mm and they're they're doing a fair bit of research and and having some success like yes making some breakthroughs mm mm mind you on the medical side now there's
607. you can sleep yeah so you can have a sleep thank you so you can have a sleep oh that's nice oh so things are really busy at the moment? well things are not good really school? things are not good oh no are you looking for another job then? er i'm asking about what about that one at? was it? where? no it weren't was it?
608. s let themselves down is the kids nobody else yeah mm i didn't you know poor woman she's only young but god she's and she did her first teaching practice at girls'school did she? there is a big difference there is a big difference isn't there? yeah yeah mm yeah huge difference mm oh dear so so i k i kept them back for ten minutes at break
609. give them the shortest amount of notes that you could ever wanna make yeah you know mm and it's like this is too much work this is pardon? what are they gonna do when they leave school? pardon? too much work? you've done one page of writing yeah well mm there's no bleeding discipline nowadays that's the problem do they? just suspended or whatever they don '
610. need this cos it's not gonna get me a job mm you need as many gcses as po i'm never gonna use this in my job er when i lleave school am i? mm so why am i having to do this? yeah yeah it's not it's not that you'll need it er it's the way you have you think ain
615. yes that's a bit er stupid ain't it? your breakout space is well sorry breakout spaces are not well over the years they must've had so mu so many formats to the school that they know exactly what it should be you know so why? and then they s don't put walls in one one one group of one group of erm academies want it one way and one
616. ' s a bit s that's daft ain't it? daft i thought they were you know cos you complained about it didn't you? s when they built the school yeah built the academy and then i d this great big f they haven't changed it then? no this great big space which was the ideal of you put two or three classes in there and you
617. wall up but they couldn't finish it off because they haven't got enough money so you know it's like they cost millions these academies don't they? you know this high school here's another one this high school is sitting on one point three million in the bank really? and they're happy to make people redundant what? well mm is that not? you're
618. it off because they haven't got enough money so you know it's like they cost millions these academies don't they? you know this high school here's another one this high school is sitting on one point three million in the bank really? and they're happy to make people redundant what? well mm is that not? you're not supposed to be making a profit in
619. t you? or was it? mm as a teacher you don't see you don't even get grades any more really? all the grades as it goes as a general for the whole school oh not for the teacher? no well that's a bit rough ain't it? yeah so you don't get the s you don't get a score right so you might as
620. you? yeah oh how many people you expected to be off? did they know ofsted were coming? yeah? they did oh dear oh dear oh dear that's not very good for the school is it? that don't fare well does it? mm that don't fare well at all no i got i got confirmation i got confirmation last night that one person would be off yeah?
621. seems a rough old job to me nowadays teachers mm this is here we go mm mm yeah said to me as we left today she said i didn't want to finish my teaching career in a school in special measures er she's thinking about retiring is she? oh she's gonna go in a couple of years'time yeah? i think she's two i think she's a
622. s four days a week mm mm where'd he teach then? yeah? oh it's in special measures is it? it's erm's a rough place yeah got a school of around a hundred and fifty stu er fifteen hundred students mm and they've come in from all over the and whatever yeah yeah they would do mm and they're bussed in and stuff like
625. teach no i wouldn't have to teach so much no i'd teach twenty - one out of thirty i think er she said yeah are you likely g be able to get one at that school? mm from what's been said yeah but if they don't cut the senior management down yeah well where are the senior management gonna go? well they're gonna go to those roles aren
626. do that for two years that'd be nice it would solve again it would solve it would solve it might just solve the problem yeah yeah it'd be well if you can get at that school that'll be easier won't it? if you have to travel too far to go to another school well that's the other thing ain't it? you know i've always
627. just solve the problem yeah yeah it'd be well if you can get at that school that'll be easier won't it? if you have to travel too far to go to another school well that's the other thing ain't it? you know i've always liked it there yeah erm i've always liked it there but see what she's got mm don
628. be on around about a hundred and sixty a hundred and seventy grand yeah mm with that sly little smug smile that she's got mm so got who was the head at when it was an lea school decided to go with her as took to be an acaacademy under their remit remit yeah she's been there and been made chief er executive principal of and oh wow and? yeah
631. ? to put well the boxes we found up there they filled up the little room haven't they? they have always good for moving mm? yeah good for moving mm yeah why is someone from school phoning me? excuse me hello? that's right right right okay right okay do you know when? okay be bett it'd be better one and two period three is year eleven and
632. ' d be better one and two period three is year eleven and they're doing coursework yeah okay yeah yeah okay yeah no problem cheers thanks bye bye i've still got it er as school as a number that comes up oh right i'm gonna be watched in the morning are you? well that's okay ain't it? iit it would be better if it was like
633. no er because you don't because yyou don't have somebody to bounce the ideas off yeah oh i see yeah yeah right so with i mean although we didn't really speak about school and i you could all because we were doing the job yeah you were always doing something to do with education yeah mm alright? yeah and even to a point yeah yeah yeah and then when i stopped seeing
635. because they've just gotta make money yeah but when it comes to teaching or nursing or you really need to be yeah you need to be a dedicated yeah i love teaching i love teaching the lower school and i like teaching the groups that want to learn yeah you know my year ten electronic group mm i have a lovely time with them do you? mm yeah i love teaching them that's my highlight
636. wanted to do i could just about i would just about survive yeah mm so my next my next my next thing really is if i don't get well if i get the position of head of school then that gives me a little bit of leeway i might have to go to the bank and say look i need to renegotiate some things here so that i can balance things out that way
637. i thought was sensational i've just watched the whole lot of that is that comedy? yeah yeah comedy they do comedy well and the um tut the one with the the programme with the school kids in it the boys the young er teenage boys what was that? it was a really rude programme what was that called? um do you know what i mean? was that the one where they had
638. the idea is well thir thirty or forty is the maximum speed that you should do mhm or f or fifty or whatever that is the maximum they they ta very they take you out when the school kids are out uh - huh so and like you're dri it's true i mean sometimes twenty miles hour you're going down a little street with parked cars mhm and a little
642. i've learnt more since l you know re in recent years than i ever did at school so in er er what from travelling around? yeah well just just just just like from going to night school and going yeah from cds and that and mhm that's that's how i've learnt it yeah where have you studied at a night school? in in in um in the brasshouse
644. ' s timetable was absolutely perfect like she's in full time two days a week full full time like yeah from nine o'clock in the morning till five o'clock at night mm like school but that means that she doesn't go in for nothing yeah and i i want it to be like that but i'm gonna go to the library way more yeah me too to do my work
645. ##bles on the end right okay and i really liked it so i made some big bobbles and i'm thinking about putting them on but i'm not sure i remember making bobbles at school is that where you wrap it round the cardboard yeah yeah circle circles yeah yeah and then just cut it round the outside or something don't you? yeah and then you ta so you have two like
648. such a old school old school thing to say you fucking it was from like so unlike you it was from like the scary movie was it? i just was thinking it was just from like the nineties it was a nine
649. such a old school old school thing to say you fucking it was from like so unlike you it was from like the scary movie was it? i just was thinking it was just from like the nineties it was a nineties thing
650. that you pull your experiences from where your experiences are really mm yeah mm mm erm well i think it's possible if there's the right building yes so say if there was a disused school yes or an old or a ho not an old hotel but a hotel yeah yeah or erm or an ol or a an old inindeed a cottage hospital that is disused yeah yeah an old nhs
653. the main in other schools in other schools i kind of get it because you have in other schools you'll have three hours in the morning and an hour and a half in the afternoon whereas at school it's three hours in the morning and two hours in the afternoon so there's not actually that much difference well there is cos they you don't have friday afternoons but yeah i suppose
654. tell me it's not a word i'm pretty sure it is but i just wanna check it might be the sort of word that's not in the learner dictionary though not secondary school yes it is in the dictionary i don't think i've got any other dictionary have you not? i suppose if you were playing it really seriously you'd have to agree on there you
655. i'll do all the spelling it's i would be okay until they get to algebra do they learn algebra? well at some point yeah i don't remember that what er? secondary school really? x y z x y three xs two ys oh god well i'm totally gonna leave it to that stuff i was alright at the time but now no i can't even
657. you really doesn't it? all the worry about the house and stuff house job everything yeah you haven't thought about looking for a job then i will be looking for a job a different school yeah yeah there's nothing about there isn't if i move if i can move areas there is likely to have something going what about renting you renting your house out then in the interim
660. ' ve seen that on your instagram yeah probably i've put all of these up it's mostly a lot of postcards that's me and my friends on the last day of school oh my god can i see which one is you? yeah let me let me choose you try and guess it's not difficult i think last day of school when? in year it ss eleven?
662. as she's got older she's er quite changed a lot now she's er yes that's good isn't it? chattering away but i suppose your dad being a school master yeah chats to chats to everybody out there s yeah well i d she didn't really have much to do with the school did he not? no i suppose cos it was in
663. ? chattering away but i suppose your dad being a school master yeah chats to chats to everybody out there s yeah well i d she didn't really have much to do with the school did he not? no i suppose cos it was in a different down and it's different isn't it? so of course we were at we were at school with him i suppose yeah
665. cos it was in a different down and it's different isn't it? so of course we were at we were at school with him i suppose yeah yeah yes but it was the school was twenty miles away so she wouldn't've picked us up from school or oh no you know seen any of the parents i suppose it was a bit strange like that i suppose there's
667. bit strange like that i suppose there's always having to have er chats with some of the parents i suppose yes yes that's right yes okay i suppose it's different when the school's down the road cos you would mix with the parents more wouldn't you? yes i think was it he got on quite well with the pupils didn't he? down there yes
675. and i like i dunno i dunno i think erm cos you go t just i can ask you guys i would never ask them this i mean cos you go to the same school you see them all the time and you have to deal with that side of them more i think mm when you let like when you go to uni next year and you all go to different places even
676. head at one what is that? that's why he did it in half term because he he he knows that if it's shit he can regrow it you know? who left our school? yeah i remember his erm his doctor said that he might h he might have erm an allergic reaction to some shampoo or something mm so he had to get his all of his head shaved
678. you or just just? not against me just just like just so many ah yeah i know so m so many people do that though do you think you'll ever like come out fully to the school? to the school? well what's the point? like yeah i was about to say like no point just jujust to there's no point just for the experience because i mean if now
679. ? not against me just just like just so many ah yeah i know so m so many people do that though do you think you'll ever like come out fully to the school? to the school? well what's the point? like yeah i was about to say like no point just jujust to there's no point just for the experience because i mean if now people ask me or
681. i wanna fuck you and then me and were sitting there yeah just laughing i was laughing so much jesus we were just sitting here thinking okay what the fuck is going on? does still go to our school? yeah yeah? can you believe has had sex? yeah she's off half the time yeah yeah i'm sorry that make that actually ddisgusts me she's had sex with
682. but i used to like proper like like i wanted her to be head girl oh my god i think i remember you saying this to me yes yes oh my god listen when i first came to the school and they were in my form class so they they were like i used to sit next to mm i d this is when thought i was a year thirteen i used to sit next to and erm thank
687. up when you were thirteen or twelve? yeah you were a man by the time you were eighteen so yeah i know bby the time i was eighteen i was okay but like thrthrough school after that yeah like things went bad and then they never really got better but i'm sure like a lot of that was through my own choices and decisions yeah well it's a combination isn '
692. did? did you? g i don't think i knew what you ate at school oh you never took an interest did you? what you i can't hear he's talking about school meals and oh said he used to eat a lot of pizza and garlic bread and what? chips? chips gravy turkey burgers mm well that's it and you don't have that
693. they do them on the telly when they do these things about people yeah and they give them all awards and they're people you don't know oh yes like headmistresses send a school around and yeah that's lovely and people i think the ones that that deal with all the disabled ones are the ones that need recognising don't they? definitely well they they just
694. bit they'll still come back wet wet and soggy they will have to warwarm them up quickly so they don't get sick don't want a bunch of sick babies off school do you? i was surprised er didn't have a cold we went she went we went to erm a play session at the school cos the children's centre they have like events running
695. sick don't want a bunch of sick babies off school do you? i was surprised er didn't have a cold we went she went we went to erm a play session at the school cos the children's centre they have like events running all over the summer holidays mm and erm er went to the well they both were going down to this one wet and wild one which is
697. yes and will just say no there's a lot of people who can't be bothered yeah that's not good but i am pleased that younger people in schools are taking yeah because our school have had the candidates in yes and younger people are getting more involved in politics yeah which is a good thing that's what we want you can see here there's more younger mps as well it
703. of mice and men? steinbeck's book have you read it? oh no i've not read that no i think's read it no i didn't do that one in school i've not read it i've not read it but i mean they made a big film of it and it was at the time in those days i mean all these film stars they all jumped
704. hasn't it? sure it has remember you know where sort of sainsbury's is now? mm remember we used to park behind the old shops there along well not the old shops school road? and that was where we used to everybody parked it was sort of open and don't think we paid anything i've now got very hazy memories of that cos i can't
706. yes so i can see that i can teach people language but i can also teach people how to argue mm more effectively yeah in academic world okay and we could even go to sainsbur secondary school with this as well so cos it's poorly done so that's what i think is how it could work yes okay so you're interested in delivering a message to the masses about how
707. those are some great candid shots of you they're very camp just pungent shit who's that?? fire king what? ah he ah you the same we were at the primary school in second and first have you seen on the back of this? what am i doing there? oh i made i made a go i made her go of that did you see that one the black and
712. airhead there's not much up here? i think it's probably a bit of a like a marrying of both but even though that's one comment that sticks in my head from school mm i see him now and i think why the hell did you even like him? mm and he's not even that hot mm like if i saw him now i would love to go i was
715. it's important oh no get it in there no i agree i find it quite stra i suppose we don't use it now because nobody does but i find it quite strange that at school you're not the teachers don't speak that way like somebody should and that should be people that are mm professors teachers bbc mm i think it should be like rp like mm mm you should
716. mm mm you should just if you pronounce things properly then why aren't you using the? mm i suppose people don't read so much mm clearly well at nicky's first school which she's a primary school teacher her head of year was also the head of literacy and her opinion was it was fine for kids to read magazines as ev even if they weren't reading books
719. reminded me i was in year four i think when this came out thirty - five three years six yeah year four in school and my friend best friend at the time brought a magazine into work er into school that had the lingo from this and the translation like really? she was such a and what a was and all the different words i can't remember what they were now but i remember us sitting
720. own because i'm cool like that my mates never copped off with anyone we always stuck together did you used to have these parties right where it was normal it was all like everyone from your school to snog like seven boys in one night? how what say again? i recall like when we were in sixth - form that everyone and anyone turned eighteen they'd have parties at the local
722. th that was never at school i was never like that i was always a shrinking violet when i turned eighteen and i went to uni it all changed and when i was that age i think because school was a like really hard and i used to get really picked on then i was i just became more and more introverted so that was never i was never that girl growing up never ever but as i
728. landed on the swings erm it was including me and okay they had for four seats wait which? there are well the in's class in my class well there are three's in the school that i know of there are no only one and o there's only one oh no the other's still in there isn't she? there's two s me and so there '
729. reasonable about it but i know that they er they were i would know that they weren't going to be reasonable about it so and it's difficult for me cos i work at the school mm the all of the children that were there the teenagers were there also go to the school so i kind of don't really want to attract attention in that way erm now what was our decision
731. really want to attract attention in that way erm now what was our decision about world book day? are we? see what the books were so we're gonna just get the tokens from school and then we'll go into when is world book day? it's today's bikeability that's balanceability today isn't it? yeah balance? and i can't
733. are specific books aren't there? that you can get with them so that'll be good yeah so momother's day secrets will be announced soon won't they? at school i wish i could i'll buy you something and i'll also make something could ask daddy for the money don't bash the table yes well you know anything would be lovely cos i
737. being erm we we got erm side - tracked and you were telling me about your course do you think you can remember or? oh just the reason i cos you were talking about private school and one of the lesso lectures one of the lecturers we had he was brilliant he was called and he could just speak for an hour on a subject like no notes no references no books just speak
739. so everyone said if she had said erm hang on what was it? how could i have forgotten that? that's my main point if she had said i would send my children to private school but i really think all schools should be erm yeah of a of the same level that they should be but given that they're not i'll still send mine yeah because i wouldn't
749. yeah so and our and had a good talk huh ah er they want er they want their to cook for them and so that she can play with the kids and she can teach cos was in school in but they don't not allowed to go to school until they're three and they're potty trained oh he's not potty trained because she had another baby she hasn '
755. yeah they put in for now you know where you go up and that and that and the road stopped? yeah mm they've put in for houses on on the rest of that land behind the school? yeah bebehind the s behind the school yeah but this one is a private one really it's just the guy that moved in there but i didn't know they had a great
756. up and that and that and the road stopped? yeah mm they've put in for houses on on the rest of that land behind the school? yeah bebehind the s behind the school yeah but this one is a private one really it's just the guy that moved in there but i didn't know they had a great big protest along that road mm loads of loads of people
757. out there doing it mm yeah well to be honest eighty - odd houses is no good because it's just gonna all as they say it's gonna overrun the doctor's and and the school because the school isn't built for it yeah but the problem is we have there aren't that many children in at the moment of that school age no? but they so the school in theory
760. the school because the school isn't built for it yeah but the problem is we have there aren't that many children in at the moment of that school age no? but they so the school in theory could close because there's only a small number coming through yeah oh so the the effects of not having cos if you think about it the village hasn't got that many young people
764. ' s not that hel there's a couple of things in there that are a little bit helpful but they're mm there's er bits in there about how people are coping with school or later on right yeah because that's what i find most interesting that how some of them were saying that they were having real problems with the school because they were erm labelling them as er
765. bits in there about how people are coping with school or later on right yeah because that's what i find most interesting that how some of them were saying that they were having real problems with the school because they were erm labelling them as erm like lazy or all sorts of other things because they were doing stuff that yeah they already knew or mm mm mm they would gaze out the window or
766. or they're one of them had their kids chucked out because they didn't or but then mm other kids have said their schools other people have said they've said nothing to the school and that they've picked up on it and they've been fine and other people have said mm mm that they've said something and they thought they were a precocious parent who were
768. ' s it's it's because mm and if he were er in anywhere in britain yeah erm the erm say oh well at infant stage as long as it's a kindly school and it's not too yeah bad erm you can go to it because erm the child will pick up stuff mm erm the er but when they're actually learning to read in irish
769. that's it you can't join again yeah yeah and the the other streams just aren't aren't as great even with even though i was definitely considering him to go to the school here yeah but it was the english side but because you've got no other kids who are erm or very few other kids who er er who are academic really it's it's ba
770. s nobody really talks about this but it's all anyone who's mm got parents who are in any way bright or academic mm they they'll if they've got a good gaelic school they they all send them there so they the other lessons though they've got to cater for the majority of the class haven't you? so yeah of course of course and er so then he
774. yeah yeah so it won't be if he if he was if he was just a sort of general child then mm the i'd definitely want to ssend him to the irish - speaking school i actually i wouldn't really be happy with him going to the the english - speaking schools right right right really th i'd rather h i'd rather him go into town and go to
775. ' t really be happy with him going to the the english - speaking schools right right right really th i'd rather h i'd rather him go into town and go to's old school right which is an english - speaking school? yeah yeah yeah mm yeah i mean the teachers are generally kind of okay that kind of thing but yeah it's not not as good as i'd
776. to the the english - speaking schools right right right really th i'd rather h i'd rather him go into town and go to's old school right which is an english - speaking school? yeah yeah yeah mm yeah i mean the teachers are generally kind of okay that kind of thing but yeah it's not not as good as i'd hope i mean i just know nothing about
778. like him i think that's what he'd lo that's what he'd revel in right right i suppose they do maths and things but was at an irish - speaking school? no he didn't he erm at that time it was different here and they didn't have the irish - speaking school er and i don't think erm cos i think
779. do maths and things but was at an irish - speaking school? no he didn't he erm at that time it was different here and they didn't have the irish - speaking school er and i don't think erm cos i think it's new thing erm the it's like welsh schools it's you know the erm there are certain countries who
782. of resents quite a lot of time he was yeah he was taught irish erm but you know he er i know he likes is the fact that his girls have gone to the irish - speaking school not becau not really because it was it's irish - speaking but because it's the best school right and there's er mm that's what i've noticed more than
783. know he likes is the fact that his girls have gone to the irish - speaking school not becau not really because it was it's irish - speaking but because it's the best school right and there's er mm that's what i've noticed more than anything in ireland since i've moved here is that everyone i work within research they all sent all their kids to
784. academics and right everyone did and people note that i think as well if you go on erm the university and things yes like like erm like in scotland you could tell whether it was a catholic school of a protestant school yeah in erm so erm but just by because you know the schools so that you yeah know if it's an irish - speaking school or a non - irish - speaking
785. did and people note that i think as well if you go on erm the university and things yes like like erm like in scotland you could tell whether it was a catholic school of a protestant school yeah in erm so erm but just by because you know the schools so that you yeah know if it's an irish - speaking school or a non - irish - speaking school yeah and because
788. - speaking school or a non - irish - speaking school yeah and because arrived speaking english at erm kind of junior level yeah erm they you had to send him to a an english - speaking school you know yeah but erm erm and there again you probably will f were you fairly near it i was erm i was when you were at the time when you first came over? yeah i
789. you probably will f were you fairly near it i was erm i was when you were at the time when you first came over? yeah i was erm at the time erm to his school yeah yeah erm yeah no very near that school erm cos we both lived there and it was it was known to be a good school as well yeah so i knew before i moved here co
791. was erm at the time erm to his school yeah yeah erm yeah no very near that school erm cos we both lived there and it was it was known to be a good school as well yeah so i knew before i moved here cos i'd phoned up and they said they'd accept him and i knew that there was a good school yeah yeah and i knew
792. to be a good school as well yeah so i knew before i moved here cos i'd phoned up and they said they'd accept him and i knew that there was a good school yeah yeah and i knew that erm the and then when i moved here i didn't change in part because of that cos it was a good school mm yeah and cos it was mm
794. i just but er it it i mean er i think nowadays erm it's very hard for chi for parents that erm cos you don't just go to this next - door school you know er yeah and and in england you can't do it eith er you in a way you can't do it either erm it's getting more competitive here actually as well
795. t do it eith er you in a way you can't do it either erm it's getting more competitive here actually as well mm erm that the to the gaelic - speaking school there's a waiting list now i mean i should've mm had his name down when he was one or something and i haven't got his name down yet erm there's yeah
796. just he hasn't sort of got his yeah we haven't talked about it yet head round it i think er i think he'd like him to go to the the irish - speaking school mm but erm that's one of the reasons why i got this assessment done it'd be quite good to mm talk to other people and see what they think actually yeah about somebody mm like
797. yeah erm but certainly in the erm the secondary schools i mean it's erm yeah like er because erm i mean it's just my gut feeling is that the nearer a school is to where you live especially in the early years like he's gotta learn a whole new language the trouble is as well mm there was an irish school used to be round the corner when cos
798. my gut feeling is that the nearer a school is to where you live especially in the early years like he's gotta learn a whole new language the trouble is as well mm there was an irish school used to be round the corner when cos when mm's kids went there like mm part of the reason probably here mm it's part of the reason mm there's quite a nice estate
799. when cos when mm's kids went there like mm part of the reason probably here mm it's part of the reason mm there's quite a nice estate here but then mm the school moved oh no and the school was actually it's quite a long way so it was really really? like sort of too long to walk actually right right right which is really annoying but er but er
800. s kids went there like mm part of the reason probably here mm it's part of the reason mm there's quite a nice estate here but then mm the school moved oh no and the school was actually it's quite a long way so it was really really? like sort of too long to walk actually right right right which is really annoying but er but er even though it says in mm
803. a it's a very it's it it ggets terribly complicated doesn't it? yeah mm yeah it is getting a bit tricky yeah cos the actually where they put the school was right on the back road which you have to go right the way in i'd have to go right the way into town and then out again cos the back road's just mm down
806. ##m erm yeah i'll have to have to think about those things er but is but but i mean that's why as i say would it be easier for you to go to a school in? cos yes you've got a bit of a walk to yeah the the bus mm but then it takes you into which is yeah quite a bit place but er yeah mm possibly but then
807. ddoes feel like a big decision because erm mm he would the future that the girls er went through would then be cut off cos once he doesn't go to an irish - speaking school yeah yeah yeah erm i mean they might be able to squeeze him in after a year or two but that mm that that would be it the cut off yeah yeah that's not really fair on
808. after a year or two but that mm that that would be it the cut off yeah yeah that's not really fair on the kid yeah after that but how would you get him to the irish school for instance? i've no idea actually i don't know i mean cos mm even when would just be hasn't even got enough room in the car it's m yes er
810. oh yes is she going to is sh yeah she's still living in it's just she's right er next to the school oh right right right she's gonna move into the school mm mm the the irish - speaking one in mm mm right but just into the village right erm which makes it a lot easier for the school yeah erm cos then it's the h
811. right right right she's gonna move into the school mm mm the the irish - speaking one in mm mm right but just into the village right erm which makes it a lot easier for the school yeah erm cos then it's the h it'll b it will be walkable then for her right yeah but at the minute it's not really walkable even for her right
812. to one and it's not so good for the child because it means that you're not with your peer group yeah erm and erm yeah it's a shame though shame this school's not round the corner and it's not mm the good english - speaking school and then there would be no problem if it was in the last you know yeah yeah that's right and
813. re not with your peer group yeah erm and erm yeah it's a shame though shame this school's not round the corner and it's not mm the good english - speaking school and then there would be no problem if it was in the last you know yeah yeah that's right and actually it would be really nice and kind of erm taking him mm for that yeah walk
814. and's like oh yeah you know it was who'd er kind of asked for the test erm and looked at me and said oh yes you'll you'll be thinking of school won't you? i go yeah oh yeah and that's what i've been doing now just mm yeah but it's not that god knows what it w might come back with nothing
816. yeah cos he is's child yeah right? it's not as if yeah it's just your child yeah you know? yeah so to get to get say say to the irish school right? yeah erm he'd have to sort of say sorry i can't take you to university oh yeah i mean would be the first one to go i would have thought yeah yeah and
819. go to school you know when he mm he and got together they they did what i kind of need they married yeah she her name was on the bank account her name was on the mortgage mm the school was down the road mm that's right the family were around yeah yeah all those kinds of things and i suddenly have got i'm not near the schools with er i'm not near where
821. ' t have someone near who would actually be willing to sort of erm help with like yeah the childcare or anything like this yeah that er erm er so in a sense him going to school will be yeah and this i'm i can be quite sort of sure of this will be another transition bit mm of both and to think about mm you know erm the i've got no
825. unsettling for the children as well yes to keep moving them yes school after school after school yes yes erm that's it got no roots have they? no or go to a boarding school you might not want that yeah and expensive as well boarding schools well they pay for it don't they? oh do they? yeah oh that's good yes yeah it's difficult mm yes
836. is a bit but you can never get to the bottom of anything with well i know that's the problem when they're responsible and you can't it's not like being at school when you can ring up the teacher is it and ask? he i mean he swears he he gave it all in and they yeah they have no record of it so so he's repeating his
839. you're not no when do you ever use a calculator? that's true i do at the minute mm in everyday life i use a calculator every day at work in school when you're doing and you do don't you? invites i was gonna bring that camera to get pictures up on it customers'invoices yeah but sometimes it was on a spreadshee
840. the morning and is that that little like kid with curly black hair? and then there was like kelly kapowsky who was like the brown - haired sort of one is it's a school drama right? then then and screech is it like a school? is it like a little kid with dark curly hair? mr belding screech screech powers what? sorry?
841. and then there was like kelly kapowsky who was like the brown - haired sort of one is it's a school drama right? then then and screech is it like a school? is it like a little kid with dark curly hair? mr belding screech screech powers what? sorry? screech what are you talking about? that's what he
842. don't know what you're talking about aw we're talking cross purposes oh right i don't i just don't know um saved by the bell is like a like a school drama is it? sca saved by the bell was like a ear i early nineties school american school american bit like grange hill maybe? but i suppose like an american version cos they don '
843. i don't i just don't know um saved by the bell is like a like a school drama is it? sca saved by the bell was like a ear i early nineties school american school american bit like grange hill maybe? but i suppose like an american version cos they don't wear uniforms over there do they? no that's true um but anyway kind of like
844. ' t i just don't know um saved by the bell is like a like a school drama is it? sca saved by the bell was like a ear i early nineties school american school american bit like grange hill maybe? but i suppose like an american version cos they don't wear uniforms over there do they? no that's true um but anyway kind of like the uniform
845. other people's poems you recite yeah yeah erm and yeah it sounds quite interesting and then you kind of progress through stages so if like i think it might only be one winner from the school it might be two then you go to like the regional ones and then right yeah bigger ones so you're you're just keeping to the same two poems throughout the heats then they're not
846. right so h is the selection? have you looked at the online selection yet? no cos i didn't have the link to it before but i've emailed the lady at my school who's doing it who's also my english language teacher yeah i thought she hadn't emailed me back so i went to my english lit teacher who told us about it in the first
850. to see milan it was like i love the i love cathedral yeah i love the i love the big cathedral and the stained glass wind yeah all that stuff i'm quite yeah i'm old school like that no no i that's what i agree like when we're going to paris like it's culture isn't it? so it's isn't coming it's
851. them so there's there's there's and there's's the oldest one she's thirty - five right's twenty - seven who lives in? i think the school teacher in at but i'm not sure how old she is and she's not having a baby till december okay anyway was the one that was due first so was the one you know? fed
852. yeah he's seen the other results so yes yeah and when does start his refereeing? tonight oh are you still on for next monday? tonight? what's he started it tonight after school tues monday monday did you? do you remember last? do you remember i sent you a text? yes i put it was it the ninth? it's yes it's next monday i
854. boy and and buys everything for him apparently so then after had a major meltdown about paying for turkey he did pay and they did go er and's erm oh she's found a school nearby where she could teach english she's gonna she reckons she might in turkey? yeah she reckons she might move there at some point will she she might go out there? but she works
855. ' s doing part time this year as well because then he wouldn't have to start yeah but is is he teaching oh yeah he's going to some other it's four year term school like erm yeah just to do maybe clarinet lessons yeah isn't it? but he said they're really expen they have to pay they get twenty - minute lessons and they have to pay
856. muppets mm people that think they own the roads and they don't i own the roads i think that time of the morning everyone it's like rush hour isn't it? school run everyone's going to work going to school got to be somewhere dropping someone t on the way yeah i know and and they do people get all wound up you think the the best thing is if
859. i was hopi i mean always when they've done shows before i i've always brought my art along whwhen when they were in the schools like they had one in the school erm several years erm and i brought my art arou along and erm exhibited it but i didn't make any sales because it's not that sort of show i do think though
863. to for the strings to never come in contact with the floor that's that's what it's all about so are you doing a erm a sort of eh trial trial at that school yeah i think i will i think i will i think i'll say it to him that i've got a better idea or i've eh potentially what what have you given him at the
864. to help is he not the stressed out teacher? he probably is a stressed out teacher but he's at least got time to email me occasionally so he can't be that stressed out primary school? pardon? primary school is it? no no it's a secondary school oh second of course it's mm but it's in so yeah they you you wouldn't have the problem
865. the stressed out teacher? he probably is a stressed out teacher but he's at least got time to email me occasionally so he can't be that stressed out primary school? pardon? primary school is it? no no it's a secondary school oh second of course it's mm but it's in so yeah they you you wouldn't have the problem in a primary school because
866. teacher but he's at least got time to email me occasionally so he can't be that stressed out primary school? pardon? primary school is it? no no it's a secondary school oh second of course it's mm but it's in so yeah they you you wouldn't have the problem in a primary school because a the kids don't play badminton in the same
867. school is it? no no it's a secondary school oh second of course it's mm but it's in so yeah they you you wouldn't have the problem in a primary school because a the kids don't play badminton in the same way that they do in secondary school and b if they and and that assumes they're playing the majority won't play badminton in a
869. the kids don't play badminton in the same way that they do in secondary school and b if they and and that assumes they're playing the majority won't play badminton in a primary school but those that do play they the level would be very low and they they wouldn't be swinging the rackets around on the floor like they do in secondary school which is where all the damage takes
872. purely a secondary school idea this primary schools you can do the erm you can do the the of the rackets and not that's what i did with is that alright what? with her school? er yeah well with erm she gave me i she gave me i think she gave me something like thirty hockey sticks and about thirty rackets and not one of those cases did you think well obviously
873. mended them for under three pounds okay so she was very grateful so so that proved to you that primary schools don't same problem well i'm prpretty sure because i mean that school does a lot of sport and they they do tennis they erm i don't think the badminton rackets would ever wear out really unless they played every day with them but i'm sure they
874. might be to actually talk on the phone to not the pe department but the bursar or the person who picks up the phone who's in charge of money and say i can save your school a hundred two hundred pounds a year every year by a very simple measure would you like to hear about it? how would that be? well i don't know anything about string because if they if
875. to replace the racket which would cost them anywhere between five and ten pound okay? and that's what schools do they don't they don't mend them so i mean that school the other day that erm they'd got in touch with me when we were on holiday they they he said he thought it was a very good idea but all these rackets had gone er and
876. gone in the same way in the same place and then i got back in touch with him and i sa i explained exactly what had happened erm and that's when i thought of using that school as a kind of erm guinea pig guinea pig research project and he was very willing to take part in it but things had moved on so we'd moved on from glue to tape so are you
880. was one one of the main ingredients and er you mix it together and place it between two er like not cast iron steel plates and hit it and it used to explode yeah and we made that at school yeah so what did we do when we were kids? we went up the chemist and you could buy the stuff yeah you could buy the saltpetre you could buy the sulphur and you could
881. still have that do you? mm yeah yeah don't have as many but you still have them yeah mm still have them and then that seemed a very very small place when i went back to school and saw their lathes and what have you we had m loads of lathes colchester students er can't remember them all but there was there was about five or six different lathes they we had
882. yeah mm that was a poker fantastic yeah yeah well i could do a bit of it yeah i can't do any er you know been a long time yeah well we we had everything in that school we had we had the forge and we had the anvils we had the lot mm we've got we've got we've got er a s in my in one of the workshops
886. er the slaughterhouse down they used their slaughterhouse down there mm right next door to the roman catholic school what? right at the bottom? right at the bottom there yeah you know the roman catholic school? yeah that's on you go down towards and the slaughterhouse was right on the school playing field there was the school playing field there was the slaughterhouse and that was er what's their
887. catholic school what? right at the bottom? right at the bottom there yeah you know the roman catholic school? yeah that's on you go down towards and the slaughterhouse was right on the school playing field there was the school playing field there was the slaughterhouse and that was er what's their names? they moved out to from there there's a great big slaughterhouse at mm where
888. the bottom? right at the bottom there yeah you know the roman catholic school? yeah that's on you go down towards and the slaughterhouse was right on the school playing field there was the school playing field there was the slaughterhouse and that was er what's their names? they moved out to from there there's a great big slaughterhouse at mm where we used to take the then
890. that programme we saw where there were children were going? oh yes was that on countryfile? no that weren't countryfile whatever was it? school trips to the abattoir school trips to the abattoir i think it's just a bit no i think it's important i do i think that's important i think it's important that you actually know where
893. yeah but it's all that's all because of cos of what goes on in the estate gets brought into school yeah? oh i see yeah yeah yeah it used to be a good school you know i came from that school and look what happened it was a little school though wasn't it? mm? it was a little school then really well what? you never went to no i
897. went to no i didn't go to i'm talking about mm hasn't got a police officer ain't it? oh i thought you said no has hasn't but every school has er police officers every school do they? yeah but some of them are based in the school and some aren't some are just attached to it oh i see's got's got them
898. t go to i'm talking about mm hasn't got a police officer ain't it? oh i thought you said no has hasn't but every school has er police officers every school do they? yeah but some of them are based in the school and some aren't some are just attached to it oh i see's got's got them every school it's all
899. a police officer ain't it? oh i thought you said no has hasn't but every school has er police officers every school do they? yeah but some of them are based in the school and some aren't some are just attached to it oh i see's got's got them every school it's all part of the community yeah right all part of community policing mm but
900. police officers every school do they? yeah but some of them are based in the school and some aren't some are just attached to it oh i see's got's got them every school it's all part of the community yeah right all part of community policing mm but we have one on site all the time yeah dear do you live in the? oh no you don't you
901. community yeah right all part of community policing mm but we have one on site all the time yeah dear do you live in the? oh no you don't you don't that use that school any more do you? cos there used to be a headmaster's house and a and a caretaker's house caretaker's house yeah where they do they still live in that? or?
902. er and that's a special city you know with a lot more complications mm well grew up in as well and so has his brother his younger brother goes to an anthroposophical school anthro what? anthroantr anthroposophical anthroposophical? anthroposophical you know er rudolph steiner it's a bit like
904. ' t mean i don't mean you know there's but the camphill community in is specifically for people will educational learning difficulties mm that can be an aspect but no this is a normal school this is yeah the same for theirs was a also a dual language so it was english - dutch cool mm and they loved that and they liked that it wasn't just your average school yeah it '
905. a normal school this is yeah the same for theirs was a also a dual language so it was english - dutch cool mm and they loved that and they liked that it wasn't just your average school yeah it's a great system erm and they in israel they make sure that at the end you there's a kind of diversion with the normal school curriculum and the normal school system so that
908. ' t got of older parents yeah i think will be just the same agreed it's like a very protected environment isn't it? and even though she in a an an or an ordinary school i think she'll be very protected and erm mm yeah there's something there isn't it? like he's very adult and very used to adult company like is you know '
912. the right name? yeah i don't know actually yeah it gets a bit ridiculous but i mean fair enough there's a whole play about it erm that we were forced to read a school which is actually really good it's er a brbrian friel play called translations yeah oh yeah and it's actually about the british occupation of ireland oh i never knew that and they change
913. s just effort yeah well i did say to her that you'd been having singing lessons she's going oh oh singing lessons i said yeah she's got a good teacher at the guitar school which doesn't sound quite right does it? no erm and she's going oh well maybe your daughter would be interested then? i said no i think she's got rather a lot
914. invite me along but er i was re recounting her my experience of erm the only kind of singing lessons if you like or singing group stuff that i've ever done other than the school choir but i think i got thrown out for being out of tune anyway i do well i didn't get thrown out but i remember you got gently nudged towards the door aw i remember the erm
916. we were like ho how much are the tickets? are they free? yeah and they're like no they're six pounds they wouldn't be free and it was like well in my school they were free yes yeah yeah ah okay well that's an evening one then on the thursday or the friday yeah it's at seven hold on a moment isn't the week after? is
919. you'd be better off doing it mm and and they just did it was just gone by he's one for staying up late and then sleeping all day yeah terrible yeah and even on a school night i'm sometimes in bed at half ten eleven yeah and i'm su and i'm going right turn that off he's got his telly on or his xbox yeah trouble is
920. see i stay up but then i i get up anyway so yeah that's what i said to him if you can get up yeah that's different but i said you need your sleep for school yeah so you can concentrate mm you can't get that through to them i can't typical it's good he's been moved up a level though yeah this is what i say this
922. cos he's come in that time i said you've got detention oh i forgot oh i forgot yeah yeah so i got the bus home i went alright yeah i'll ring the school monday morning and yeah yeah cos it can happen if they walk out of the lesson with their mates and although he can just think oh sod it i'm going home but he could've
923. walk out of the lesson with their mates and although he can just think oh sod it i'm going home but he could've forgot it yeah well i said i'll ring the school on monday i'll let them know yeah which i haven't done yet yeah and they've just rang me while i was doing's living room mm he didn't forget cos
925. well that's what i said i'll sort the kids out cos they normally yeah go friday to to sunday to his yeah so i changed it saturday to monday yeah so went from to school from his this morning yeah and i'm quite happy with that mm and i just take took the dog with me mm cos she oh excellent yeah cos oh that's really nice she w
929. yeah she's got an old boy erm he's's age yeah that's how we met at the school at the school yeah yeah was that at primary school or? yeah school yeah so known her since oh ten years now yeah so yeah brilliant but yeah used to work at the one at and then they've moved in to the run the shop at yeah yeah i think i
930. he must be fifteen now or something she moved in when he was a toddler mm he's still young now isn't he? yeah yeah he's he's up at the school up there actually though innit? oh is he? yeah you might know him oh right might know him then is he? oh i'll ask cos's's fourteen in january so
931. ? except for they're all the the the the few who have got twins er oh and in term time it's oh right it's it's a terrible god pressure on primary school places in oh yes they ha they've got they've actually oh had to build a whole really? new bit in the playground yes really? wow mm it's almost double the size now
932. think it was more foreign incomers i think there's pressure but the been everywhere hasn't there? i said i as i explained to him and they'll have to build a new school erm build a new school in well cos of the pressure mm yes for places well what? but but there isn't any do you do you know what happened? they're building one
933. ##rs i think there's pressure but the been everywhere hasn't there? i said i as i explained to him and they'll have to build a new school erm build a new school in well cos of the pressure mm yes for places well what? but but there isn't any do you do you know what happened? they're building one you see but the problem they
934. children there because this thethese are just erm they're er newly married or flats or or or whatever you know and they said we we won't need an a oh a new school or anything like that but then what happens but apparen what happens to the newly marrieds? apparently er the place is is crawling with children with kids oh righ erm er because erm
935. is yeah if they can't increase the size of yeah er it's there's nonowhere yeah and there is nowhere in erm the centre of where they can build a school and it er and it is yeah oh yeah in the centre yeah is is er it's and they do not there's one in is it or something? i just heard of one there '
936. what was it? n of erm or er the the one down by the erm i don't really know that area very dddowdown by by the mm erm mm the school er but but i don't think it's a new school there but i think they've cos doubled the size of one oh right so they do i haven't i think there
937. by the erm i don't really know that area very dddowdown by by the mm erm mm the school er but but i don't think it's a new school there but i think they've cos doubled the size of one oh right so they do i haven't i think there's going to be a i only just saw it the other day
938. there yeah but that's sort of erm erm along kind of alo off the old road some yeah are you sure that's not private? it it wasn't a private school oh okay it wasn't a private school that erm yeah erm but erm but you've got erm the oh you've got several er er i do know sort of going
939. ##m erm along kind of alo off the old road some yeah are you sure that's not private? it it wasn't a private school oh okay it wasn't a private school that erm yeah erm but erm but you've got erm the oh you've got several er er i do know sort of going out had had three children yeah i had three
940. lot of polish couples particularly yeah polish yeah erm and erm er i mean you well walk around the amount of mm polish you hear is you know and what's lovely in yeah right the school that and go to yeah erm there are other people who you know obviously born and bred yeah right but there erm there was a definite influx first of all of visiting erm academics yeah who would
941. showing me up really yeah er i thought oh it'll be sort of like erm erm not quite as sort of like middle class? er a lot of middle class kids go to that school yeah you know? erm and i suppose it's just the bulk is isn't it like twenty - five percent of births are to non - nationals? that's a lot i think
944. him actually he was walking out i said come i'll buy you a coffee in your bank and then have they got nice coffee in there? it's very nice yeah they've got school desks and chairs yeah i know that's the other thing i'm not quite it looks a bit like no i'm not treated to yeah yeah yeah it's a bit like they
946. to give you porridge and you will have to eat all of it you have hardly anything in the mornings you need to have fuel for your tummy and so that you can you can function at school properly like a robot needs oil yeah like et well you've never seen et have you? he needs i mean m and ms i mean oh johnny five in short circuit? yes johnny five johnny five
947. and then there's the magnetic things and games you know? children i forgot about geomag if you're there together then you can just hang out and do the whatever you do at school yes? i was gonna say me as well and was available to play that'd make you very entertaining she was playing on minecraft you've got to make your own entertainment people that's
949. and erm and and i remember cos i and i remember you saying do leave it don't ever ring the mothers don't ever ever get yourself involved because they would have gone into school it would have been the end of the earth cos you remember they'd come home and sob their hearts out so and so's been really horrible to me and you listen to the story think
952. who've also said thank god i never did mm erm but erm but yeah i always remember and then and then the same thing arises when you kids start doing erm jobs you know school jobs hoholiday jobs and they get treated really badly mm then you think should i jump in? shouldn't i? should i jump in? shouldn't i? mm it's
954. you anything at college or university i don't know why you think they would i wish they did i've spent a fortune these past two years well because why do they give it at your school and not college? you're not working or anything are you? it's not yeah but it's not a compulsory education anymore i thought you had to go to college no oh you don
955. mm the other one i mean openoffice does everything anyway mm and it does spreadsheets and everything don't it? mm mm yeah talking about technology this this er erm an old school friend you you he keeps posting really interesting things and how's about this then for going out for dinner? and there's there's a there's three couples sat round this round table
956. you think it was council? cos er well it had notices up i'm sure it said the council parish council notices you know please park here oh i used to i used to park there school yeah yeah well cos it used to be o before they had their you know the the old school place mm but it it was a good place to park er it it says you can park there apart
957. the council parish council notices you know please park here oh i used to i used to park there school yeah yeah well cos it used to be o before they had their you know the the old school place mm but it it was a good place to park er it it says you can park there apart from pub opening hours don't park it's just for customers mm which is fair enough right
965. cos you could leave school at fifteen still then mm she had we moved just before christmas and the following summer was when she could leave school mm july and there was no way she was gonna change school again for the last few months no she was absolutely determined and she really stood up for herself that time and said she weren't gonna do it so she used to get the ferry from to and then
969. ? is at? daughter is a yeah is a what is a as a student? yeah yeah i don't know how old they are or anything they're probably in in the lower level school year eleven year eleven if i remember yeah cos i ta i taught a did you? when i was at mm just thought i'd tell you cos we said oh we used to teach there
975. a pen friend mm they come and stay with you and your family yeah and you go and stay with them in mm in their family and it makes you realise that actually what you're taught in school you're er you're ac you're taught very formal textbook languages mm yeah yeah but when you get with a family wwith a group of children young adults your age it er see even
978. his for his dissertation his dissertation his subject is maths wait they don't do a dissertation i thought they did like a special project? yeah he's going erm to er teach a school teach at a school that's what he's going for a couple of months or he said he's still got a thousand word seven thousand words due oh no yeah i think he really said
981. i'm a rebel yeah that's when everyone's like i'm a rebel yeah we're like oh my god we're in year seven we're in the high school oh i'm so cool yeah i'm in and i can do you know walk through the village in my and school uniform form because everyone will be younger than me i remember walking home one time
983. i thought i was so cool and i was like yeah i'm year seven now i'm in the i'm cool i'm in the high leagues in year eight in the cool school in year eight in language futures and year eight is the year when you think you're really cool yeah like especially the year eights now you're not in year seven any more yeah oh oh
986. cooking something tomorrow but it's it's really hard to to remember remember i know and then oh the worst time definitely was when we were making stuffed peppers? and i literally turned up to school i made stuffed potatoes i li i got chef of the lesson did you? for the stuffed potatoes i never got chef of the lesson that's why i didn't take food tech she hated me
987. got chef of the lesson that's why i didn't take food tech she hated me well it's not cos i just hated food tech but i like i literally turned up for school with two peppers and a can of tuna oh well er it was literally it i and so i opened well i did like the can of tuna roasted potatoes and then i sneaked it out no i didn
988. for the erm icing to cool down let's talk about the great british bake off creme de la creme so out of the three finalists groups who is your favourite? baking school yeah it's the baking school for me what about you? park lane boys the park lane boys? so why do you like the park lane boys? well just that erm they don't
989. cool down let's talk about the great british bake off creme de la creme so out of the three finalists groups who is your favourite? baking school yeah it's the baking school for me what about you? park lane boys the park lane boys? so why do you like the park lane boys? well just that erm they don't like say oh yeah we're
990. t change things halfway through but who that's who your favourite but who do you think is gonna win? erm i think that the park lane boys probably do have a chance but the baking school mm does seem to have pretty good er chance yeah to do it erm because they're the doing it about their life and i think plates and bowls stacked up is probably uhu what you would
991. good er chance yeah to do it erm because they're the doing it about their life and i think plates and bowls stacked up is probably uhu what you would get for a also baking school because the park lane boys and the other group were given quite bad marks and it didn't faze them out at all did they? you mean so far at the beginning? but do i want
992. the little baby mini toffee apple didn't wasn't finished very well was it? no no it didn't look very neat and tidy no but then the bake off baking school their rhubarb and custard tart they said didn't really wasn't very nice so they didn't do brilliantly with that but they've always done with their
993. yeah and the and the park lane people they're very good with their pastry aren't they? mm i know so who do you think definitely is got the best chance of winning? baking school park do you? i think the park lane boys have a pretty good chance yeah like they have loads of pastry ideas well they all they all have a chance cos they're all in the final
995. and i i've written about cognitive like erm you've got when i did erm about like dunno how some people no i mean the a erm it's a popular school of thought that erm sports can actually help young people in schools is all i can tell you erm develop skills and blah blah blah mm and that was written in a paper about erm behavioural
998. a catholic school and they were very like my dad's handwriting it's like every letter is like a square right for me like my my uncle my uncle is aggressive well it was a catholic school in wales sorry you were saying darling? no no you know what i meant? you're your uncle no you don't wanna know about my uncle no you don't yeah i do no
1002. were you i'd be going did our childhood mean nothing to you? oh oh yeah look at you you're at uni any more primary school doesn't it was different in our school though because we got to a certain age and you got told off if you were using a pencil like you do in like erm secondary school you're not in front of you oh that was a
1003. more primary school doesn't it was different in our school though because we got to a certain age and you got told off if you were using a pencil like you do in like erm secondary school you're not in front of you oh that was a pencil my nan gave to me before she died before she died yesterday it's like this has been sharpened through that just like this big i
1004. in schools and stuff like and that just let five - year - olds run around uuunsupervised on their own no way i don't think if a child gets hurt in school typically it's not still not typical for the parents to blame the school they're just like well children hurt themselves it just happens mm so like some things they're more reasona like more
1005. around uuunsupervised on their own no way i don't think if a child gets hurt in school typically it's not still not typical for the parents to blame the school they're just like well children hurt themselves it just happens mm so like some things they're more reasona like more reasonable about other things not just depends really but yeah children often still walk to
1011. ##tethirteen to eighteen is a terrible time for a yeah really horrible they're just made to study until the early hours every morning they have a saying though in the last year of high school if you sleep for four hours you're okay sleep for five and the you won't get to university you want to go to so sixte eh sixteen to eighteen - year - olds aren '
1012. knew they did sats at the end of year two no it does have have they always done that? i don't know cos wha i'm i mean the problem with her school is i think they assume that everyone knows how the school system works so course with first one i don't know how the school system works and i said to her teacher shouldn't we have been
1013. no it does have have they always done that? i don't know cos wha i'm i mean the problem with her school is i think they assume that everyone knows how the school system works so course with first one i don't know how the school system works and i said to her teacher shouldn't we have been told they were having these sats tests? mm and
1014. cos wha i'm i mean the problem with her school is i think they assume that everyone knows how the school system works so course with first one i don't know how the school system works and i said to her teacher shouldn't we have been told they were having these sats tests? mm and she's like well we do make a point not to make a big
1016. mean i know's got his disability and i know he's autistic and yeah he is never going to be as i i mean's already outshining with like capabilities at school and stuff won't actually be able to well yeah he must be i mean i'm sure do you know what i mean? but but on the other hand i always think well if is behind
1017. t even push hard enough to and i'm not saying that's his fault cos obviously that's not him being lazy he just physically can't do it but on his his school's solution was well give him a laptop mm yeah well well he's never going to learn to write then is he? if you give him if you take away any i don't understand
1020. mean he'll go to he's i mean it'll be senior school senior school he'll start next year mm and the sch cos he's at a special needs school now yeah they're going to mainstream them aren't they? they've said now they're going to mainstream him and i think it'll do him the world of good because i
1021. de his his he's just not pushed enough sometimes i don't think there's yeah and also i think because he's more one of the abled children at his special needs school yeah exactly he's probably top of his special needs school at the moment yeah i mean you've got some kids there that like are in permanent wheelchairs can't you know even sit up
1022. don't think there's yeah and also i think because he's more one of the abled children at his special needs school yeah exactly he's probably top of his special needs school at the moment yeah i mean you've got some kids there that like are in permanent wheelchairs can't you know even sit up on their own without being supported you know? yeah so i
1023. some kids there that like are in permanent wheelchairs can't you know even sit up on their own without being supported you know? yeah so i think because of that as well i think the school leave him to just get on with his to pl leavleave him to his own devices half the time says at school all he does is play yeah well but then but then she should do so
1025. with his to pl leavleave him to his own devices half the time says at school all he does is play yeah well but then but then she should do som say something to the school as well as well take him out of the school then if you're not happy with it i mean change schools mention it go to you know well he's got a social worker for crying out
1026. his own devices half the time says at school all he does is play yeah well but then but then she should do som say something to the school as well as well take him out of the school then if you're not happy with it i mean change schools mention it go to you know well he's got a social worker for crying out loud take it up with them if you have to
1027. him it's just bone idleness isn't it though? this is another thing people leave their entire care of their child and the education of the child down to the education system to the school and then they blame the school when they don't do very well or something yeah it's not you know you're the parent you're s you're you're just you
1028. idleness isn't it though? this is another thing people leave their entire care of their child and the education of the child down to the education system to the school and then they blame the school when they don't do very well or something yeah it's not you know you're the parent you're s you're you're just you're more responsible if anything
1030. then then it'll take the rest of your day to go round those few museums with she'll love them exactly yeah well then she went up there for sch she went up there for school but they weren't allowed to they only done certain parts of it so because they were doing the dinosaurs so they yeah obviously they only done mainly concentrated on that where she didn't see all the
1031. own stationery oh yeah oh are they? so of course this year she was like i want my own stuff oh that's the big year when you go stationery shopping used to love going school shopping because uh if you smell her pencil case her pencils are scented oh i know oh yeah these ones yeah the colouring ones they're all scented oh yeah oh they're all ah they
1034. appointment was and she's like i'm not missing school because she cried last term because she didn't get a hundred percent certificate oh bless her she cried she actually came out of the school in tears ah god because she never got one because she oh she really likes because she'd missed she had two late going ins because of her odd doctor's appointments oh and because of that they
1035. bring her in for the morning and then take her out and then take her out and just make sure she's back for the afternoon registration i'm like well surely she's missing more school that way though yeah exactly by her going in at half past nine she's not really missed that much has she? by the time we actually get going in the morning exactly missed a bit of warm
1036. so do you think year three went fast but year two went slowly erm i think it could've been year two going fast i think all of the years have gone fast since you t started school to be honest they're we're whizzing by them aren't they? mm and soon you'll be like at secondary school weird feel very strange when you're both
1047. phone power mm so yeah i mean they er you'll you can all walk to school together can't you? mm that'll be nice how lucky that we've just got a school that's only down the road is this dark chocolate? no cos some people have to get the bus for miles don't they? mm mm i think either did or still does live in
1051. mm but that's lovely if she can get on with you guys isn't it? mm mm she just she's amazed by my lego skills is she? mm so is thought that school didn't start until tuesday so she sent me into a mass panic when she left cos she said oh i said i'll see you on monday and she said monday? i said yeah it
1058. and yoga i've started doing yoga again oh have you? yes go to class in the town it's not on in the holidays but erm it's once a week at the school is that a japanese thing yoga? erm or chinese? indian i think it's indian is it? yeah very old oh yes sort of stretching yes quite difficult oh yes so hard to know just
1061. and they have to hire the room but i suppose they don't have enormous overheads compared to hiring a leisure centre no no no no that's right hiring a room might be in a school is only about ten pounds for an hour so it's not a huge amount oh no no then they're paying the instructor another ten and they take the remainder i suppose oh well that sounds reasonable
1062. no i never seen a plane like that no no that's right i no i was never good at drawing i couldn't no i'm hopeless i couldn't draw circles on my school report it used to say effort a realisation c and that was being generous i was well that's yes i used to have straight as on my reports apart from yeah art never got on with art
1063. one and he did so so yeah so she obviously understood what he was saying yes yeah oh she always said the the language teacher she had wasn't very good no well i think looking back at school my teachers were terrible what in in the er in the french ones? in secondary school absolutely awful yeah so i had this one in year seven when i was eleven she was suicidal i mean oh actually threatened
1064. oh she always said the the language teacher she had wasn't very good no well i think looking back at school my teachers were terrible what in in the er in the french ones? in secondary school absolutely awful yeah so i had this one in year seven when i was eleven she was suicidal i mean oh actually threatened to jump out of a window a very highly strung woman and once you know we wouldn
1065. a tough lot of people in your classroom then? oh i don't know she shouldn't've been teaching mm yes so we never learnt anything with her that was about two years which school was that then? saint's dad's school oh that's your father's school yeah th very highly strung the oh oh well language department then we had this german teacher who couldn '
1066. i don't know she shouldn't've been teaching mm yes so we never learnt anything with her that was about two years which school was that then? saint's dad's school oh that's your father's school yeah th very highly strung the oh oh well language department then we had this german teacher who couldn't control the class and he h he crashed his car
1067. ' ve been teaching mm yes so we never learnt anything with her that was about two years which school was that then? saint's dad's school oh that's your father's school yeah th very highly strung the oh oh well language department then we had this german teacher who couldn't control the class and he h he crashed his car at the weekend into someone and instead of checking
1068. the police the car number plate and they found him and because it was a hit and run he ended up on the front page of the local newspaper oh no and of course everybody found out at the school who it was yeah he got banned from driving and had to come on our school but and of course he never lived it down so that was that oh he never had any control was he a teacher what
1069. and run he ended up on the front page of the local newspaper oh no and of course everybody found out at the school who it was yeah he got banned from driving and had to come on our school but and of course he never lived it down so that was that oh he never had any control was he a teacher what? yes er my german teacher and he in the end he just started crying in
1070. lot of the time the schools just brush it off because they don't want the paperwork no no yes and the you know that sort of thing with the police in it always looks bad on the school oh yes so they're not protecting the the teachers no no that's right and they need to i mean that's that's a criminal offence threatening a a teacher like that or threatening
1071. that's right and they need to i mean that's that's a criminal offence threatening a a teacher like that or threatening anyone for that matter cos i remember my young days at school headmaster he always carried a cane that's for the parents er yeah now you know why it wasn't for the children he had his cane with him no that's right it's for
1072. meeting no no but you're very much expected to manage yourself yes and the same and then they've both run private businesses successfully from their house yeah and i suppose she did work for a school she's probably the most conventional of all of them isn't she? but i i suppose yeah worked for a school for a long time yeah but didn't really like it and erm
1073. businesses successfully from their house yeah and i suppose she did work for a school she's probably the most conventional of all of them isn't she? but i i suppose yeah worked for a school for a long time yeah but didn't really like it and erm yeah taught she did her own teaching didn't she? from home in fact now i think when he's been back
1074. ? oh we er where were we now? with a guy called do you remember him? oh yes well i don't remember him but erm the name rings a bell yes he ran a school like out there cos he yes that's right he ran was it in china? he had i know he had some in india or well at least one in india er where was he then this
1076. fourteen i knew who my stepda er my real dad were he lived in my village i used to walk past his house every day i used to see his kids his girlfriend everything complicated every day to school okay? he knew who i was i used to see him in asda buying birthday presents birthday cards for his kids and doing allsorts really? and erm so he knew who you were?
1079. the building why is that? because they were being told they could who on earth told them? right so you've got one person you've got two people saying you're staying in school until the end of the day yeah even though you have an exam because you've still got lessons to go to and then you've got the new head who has kind of said oh if they
1080. push it and push it and push it and walk away from them do they? so as a classroom teacher you've got no chance no because they don't see you being a head of school or a vice principal or anything like that they don't see it as the p they just say oh so what so what? we can still walk away when they do that mm what an attitude yeah
1082. ? we can still walk away when they do that mm what an attitude yeah it's a terrible attitude how do you deal with it really? do they come to school d do they start that school with that attitude? yeah yeah so what happened to the other school the middle school or whatever you call it? same type of thing so how do they? it depends it depends on which middle school they
1083. attitude yeah it's a terrible attitude how do you deal with it really? do they come to school d do they start that school with that attitude? yeah yeah so what happened to the other school the middle school or whatever you call it? same type of thing so how do they? it depends it depends on which middle school they came from yeah yeah? yeah but then what happens is you get
1084. ' s a terrible attitude how do you deal with it really? do they come to school d do they start that school with that attitude? yeah yeah so what happened to the other school the middle school or whatever you call it? same type of thing so how do they? it depends it depends on which middle school they came from yeah yeah? yeah but then what happens is you get the kids who
1086. ' t touch them for a start can you? no you can't do anything like that but we have no it's i've got a lad who shouldn't be at the school alright? he is really severe erm what's he? no what's the other one there's asperger's there's another one er like a hyperactive no er
1092. we you know for whate we had a really good regime at oba yeah? the only person that was wrong with oba was yeah right? but every kid was checked as they came into school in the morning their uniform yeah and if their uniform wasn't right because they were checked the kids knew there was a consequence they either had to go home and get it or they were put somewhere yeah
1095. they were kept we kept them after school doing that? don't believe in it not doing that oh dear mm need a bit of er discipline though doesn't it? sounds as though the school once it start going now that's once it goes it takes a hell of a long way to get back up to where it should be yeah yeah it does yeah yeah yeah so and so was able
1096. birthday is in february alright? so february is the second month so you are looking novemberish time aren't you? yeah but you you can you're you can do this easier at your school because you've got a load of kids in the school in one class you can do an experiment and find out in my class i've got nobody that has the same birthday don't you
1097. so you are looking novemberish time aren't you? yeah but you you can you're you can do this easier at your school because you've got a load of kids in the school in one class you can do an experiment and find out in my class i've got nobody that has the same birthday don't you? no now there's twenty - seven in my class
1100. m talking about holi s like holiday things experiences we did have the exchanges and things like that didn't we? went to the guide trip she went and we went to meet her up the school didn't we? mm not guides cubs it was brownies that was brownies cubs mm and er we so missed her we so missed her for the whole week we we did her room all nice
1102. ve got a hard drive i think i'm good i've got everything there er yeah have you read that it thing though? you've gotta be careful about what you bring into the school mm cos it's gotta be approved that's fine before you plug it into anything yeah or else you can get in trouble yeah i ne to go through all those documents i've started
1103. books i think i read like two or three of them thirteen i was like i was interested in them but mm christ there's erm yeah f the series has come under criticism for from some school districts for its dark themes citing objections to the suggested incest fucking hell what? what have you read this from? there and the words damn and hell being said in the reptile room handler later commented
1105. s actually because german isn't the first language oh right mm quite possibly because yeah er yeah cos it's switzerland it's the german part of of switzerland so she goes to a school and they actually spend time with her working on all the different languages to make sure that she's coming on and being able to do everything in those languages as well in all of them it's
1110. had to choose like it and like he or craft or whatev one of those mm mm mm and they say you don't have to choose one of those you my sister was saying in her school any more it's still er you still get blocks of subjects yeah and you have to choose one from that block and then you get another block and some of the subjects that were in the first block
1111. you think well it's really you should switch them off er so everybody has that focus time yeah you should and focus mm yeah yeah rather than under the desk my it's like being at school my boss always has he's always got is ipad and his phone when he's in meetings and you could be sitting even in a one on one or like mm wiwith the three of us
1113. you and then we'll practice together shall we? we'll go down the river and i'll help you out oh really whereas's like come on it's a bit old school says yeah that's very military actually yeah exactly what do you mean you can't do it? why not? so yeah i think he's very yeah very patient with everyone and especially with
1115. ##rricular oh okay so curricula cos er cos people say curriculums don't they? you wou it's curricula curricula what curricula do your school do? so people wouldn't s be saying which whi what curriculums would your school do school do? mm the english language is so peculiar it's so hard feel sorry for people learning
1116. they? you wou it's curricula curricula what curricula do your school do? so people wouldn't s be saying which whi what curriculums would your school do school do? mm the english language is so peculiar it's so hard feel sorry for people learning it i know seriously there's this really interesting poem but it's a really long poem
1117. you wou it's curricula curricula what curricula do your school do? so people wouldn't s be saying which whi what curriculums would your school do school do? mm the english language is so peculiar it's so hard feel sorry for people learning it i know seriously there's this really interesting poem but it's a really long poem actually i
1123. suck it up i went to state school i came out perfectly fine yeah we came out fine we got good grades i think it it's doable yeah they do not need to go to a school where they have dodgy uniforms and they speak like and they just make the most irritating friends exactly and think they're better than everybody else and have dogs in bags oh dogs in bags vomit and they
1124. happy and and she's nice nice she trims my eyebrows and all that sort of thing mm and she's lovely yeah gosh yeah i had a ffabulous barber proper old - school barber in road so that was opposite work so i'd go there every month and then when i moved to the city i tried a couple extravagantly yeah or exorbitantly priced and just thought
1125. the minute you s you cross the threshold it costs you about forty quid before you blink mm but i got referred to the dental sch hospital in which is of course is attached to the dental school and erm for the last four or five years i've been going two or three times a year erm er with well i started off with a a third year student who then became a fourth
1126. little nervous but if you're not gonna get nervous having gone on from there naturally but you know it's it's when i had acupuncture it was at a student training school yeah yeah attached to the or someone or other yeah mm but they were all supervised by someone well no yeah yes yes yeah they they're not allowed yeah well as as is yes yeah yeah by by
1127. station and the showground but mm mm i i've been to harrogate showground yeah i think with last yeah mm mm mm i once went i yeah it is used to go with school for what was it? oh did you? mm yeah i think it was for the harrogate show or something was it? yeah they had prince philip oh yes you got your tea in didn '
1130. yes mm or you did rather i didn't yeah that's er that might be a little bit mm towards your yeah that's good cos you don't get much erm school work now do you? no mm feel better doing marking though really mm quieter it's very er flexible maybe isn't it? yeah it's mm yeah that won't be wireless though
1133. would you play though? would you play a representative sample? i'd pla erm would you? a mix of everything because fair enough right i'm like an ethnic minority in our school there's not many black people but most of the music people in our school listen to come from black artists anyway that's true yeah i mean so yeah what? what? so they allowed us
1134. ##a erm would you? a mix of everything because fair enough right i'm like an ethnic minority in our school there's not many black people but most of the music people in our school listen to come from black artists anyway that's true yeah i mean so yeah what? what? so they allowed us to take a survey last time but it didn't actually they didn't
1139. get your appointment with erm the careers advisor yet? no no do you know when you can retake the exam? the twelfth at ten o'clock on that day we'll tell the school where you ar where you are won't we? you can if you want well we were you just not gonna turn up? yeah really? i haven't got lessons well yes but don '
1141. whatever it is neither yes does she not like you? no comment do you talk too much? no comment no comment? you do oh talk too much don't you? shall we phone the school? because i no don't just don't do you want some more green beans? just don't i'm i i ask him to go on report? yeah i look i look
1149. could just hear you oh yeah yeah it was me on you phone yeah yeah yyeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah twenty to eleven it's too late on a school night to be chatting to your mates yeah but it was about it was about what can you smell in that? homework so that's alright really? i don't believe you what can you smell
1154. ' s i mean that's really not my place to say to them no cos i can't it's like you were saying teachers aren't trained to they are but in school it's like yeah they can have a guess but it's still need to refer someone if you do ever get someone though you could cos it's stuff like reading they struggle to read
1158. eight years old you're just a bit like yeah that that makes me think that she's that would suggest to me that she was our age yeah younger than us or younger yeah like at school still i was just like i don't need it so don't do it again or if you do just don't be quiet about it yeah don't go don't go gr
1160. ' m sure he'll meet people and he said he's er he's been going on a few dates with this girl so is her name apparently she didn't go to our school though she went to is she on facebook? yeah she's on facebook seriously she looks like a right tramp oh this is the person that he? yeah oh he cheated on her with yeah that
1165. being like you played really well for your first match i'm really impressed and you're woo you're an asset to the team apparently so oh wow i was like yay all that school netball paid off yep school netball but erm but no yeah apart from that it's been a bit just been chilled had a little strop last week good so yeah i might go home this weekend
1166. well for your first match i'm really impressed and you're woo you're an asset to the team apparently so oh wow i was like yay all that school netball paid off yep school netball but erm but no yeah apart from that it's been a bit just been chilled had a little strop last week good so yeah i might go home this weekend i don't know
1167. head teacher and four deputy heads sorry and all four of them have pas why have they got so many deputy heads? i don't know how many? well because they were probably cos their school is now like sixteen hundred people true cos they've just taken on the the year eights and sevens haven't they? but yeah so i'm not entirely i'm just not
1168. then it gives them the chance to find a new job like yeah all the postings for schools would've come up during the summer holidays yeah so now all of these people who work in the school won't be able to get jobs really until next year no if they want to go back into education yeah so does your mum do anything else? yeah she could work for like or you know one
1169. was gonna happen and he had all the blood all seeping out oh no but he was fine it didn't stop him playing it but er yeah even so yeah but i remember wh at school when you'd you'd get them and you'd go out to play and you began to play and and before you started actually playing you'd get the other person's conker
1170. d like i can't er yeah i'm great at moving them mine's broken hit the floor i think there was a like a yoyo workshop yeah when my girls were in primary school and mm they both went to it so of course they wanted all the mm and the whizzy ones with the lights as well yes the light - up ones yeah yeah used to have them he used
1172. to it because yeah mum used to play it i think my mum basically the there were five kids yeah but there's five years in between each child oh right so as one went to school to school another one came along it was like oh it would be nice to have a little one running round so that's what they did which meant she would grow up with older sisters yeah and brothers but it
1173. to yeah we used to go because we used to play it all the time erm ye we used to play it all the time and cos with my brother and that we used to go to school and we used to just win and win and win and win and win yeah really used to like play that and there'd be tears but you'd won it fairly exactly yeah yeah especially if you
1174. off another yeah yeah hedge i was a happy little weird child mm quite happy on my own but my dad says cos four girls and we used to have our girl friends round mm and our primary school the uniform was blue well it was grey skirts and and yeah but we had to wear blue knickers mm and my dad says he'd come round there'd be all these girls doing hands
1176. that yeah but i would make it out of the bin bags and the bits and the yeah and the and the and i would and cereal boxes yeah make whatever it was and they'd go into school with whatever they had and teachers always used to say you always come up trumps and you know people used to go and spend loads of money and doing things and whatever yeah but actually what i made was
1177. i couldn't particularly think of anything it's very rare that i'll say oh i wanna watch that mm and if i do it's something like dara o briain school of hard sums or yeah the science one that he did or great british bake off yeah mm we tend to find very easily lose we take watches some of the sport but he gets so annoyed because you
1180. ##m he was a marketing director and it was for the travel industry had been in the travel industry since before he met my sister and they met as teenagers yeah maybe eighteen nineteen so and he went finished school and went straight into the travel industry and and that has been his life and then he was made redundant and it ca er even as a director it came mm totally out of the blue yeah and it knocked
1184. i'll ever do if yeah they're not around to yeah you know to look after the little one and it's a difficult situation my with when my children were growing up when before school age definitely i i was i was working for nothing because every penny i earned put them through childcare mm but i needed to work for my own sanity yeah so it didn't bother me that at
1186. ##tering to yeah get rid of the rubbish so it doesn't wouldn't go down the drain otherwise it would fat never ending work i'm afraid erm i just phoned er the school's er school admissions school admissions yeah yeah in yeah erm yeah? checking out the feasibility of maybe coming to school here mm erm i haven't spoken to about it no er because i
1187. rid of the rubbish so it doesn't wouldn't go down the drain otherwise it would fat never ending work i'm afraid erm i just phoned er the school's er school admissions school admissions yeah yeah in yeah erm yeah? checking out the feasibility of maybe coming to school here mm erm i haven't spoken to about it no er because i i thought i '
1189. never ending work i'm afraid erm i just phoned er the school's er school admissions school admissions yeah yeah in yeah erm yeah? checking out the feasibility of maybe coming to school here mm erm i haven't spoken to about it no er because i i thought i'll need to get a bit of information behind me before i do it yeah erm of course so
1190. they're they're it is possible still i told you you don't believe me well they they have to by law keep a certain number of places available now it might not be your school of choice erm that's the that that's the thing i mean you know if you know the schools in you choose a good one well but there's you know not much chance of
1191. ' s why that family i'm talking about that moved into our house mm they had to do it by a set you know they had to get choose where they wanted to live they selected the school chose where they wanted to live and searched in that area for schools well they said that they said yeah but i can't they they said that i need proof of er accommodation accommodation right yeah you will
1193. well you then have to look for a flat they if you put our address down then you'd have to look for a flat in this area so that you were in the catchment area from the school mm but i mean that would be difficult wouldn't it? well there aren't many flats in this area mm well there are that's not strictly true there's loads of them there
1195. re stuck with try travelling load you know a long way to pick her up and drop her off and you know erm i know you won't get into school because it is the most popular school in i would think other than the catholic school which they go you can travel all over to go to trav catholic school but erm there are flats all down there but erm the difficulty is they
1196. long way to pick her up and drop her off and you know erm i know you won't get into school because it is the most popular school in i would think other than the catholic school which they go you can travel all over to go to trav catholic school but erm there are flats all down there but erm the difficulty is they are very popular because they are in the catchment
1197. i know you won't get into school because it is the most popular school in i would think other than the catholic school which they go you can travel all over to go to trav catholic school but erm there are flats all down there but erm the difficulty is they are very popular because they are in the catchment area mm which is where goes i mean's at that school just by
1198. catholic school but erm there are flats all down there but erm the difficulty is they are very popular because they are in the catchment area mm which is where goes i mean's at that school just by sheer accident cos we didn't think anything about schooling at that time it just happened to be where the flat was erm but the one the one you would get into would be which
1200. and look at the schools in the area and you'll see i think there is well that's that's what i've got to apply anyway erm for an application for a school you this is the website here yeah but ththat's what i'm saying that that's they want to know your erm address currently when you put that application in yeah so if
1201. so he doesn't want because he yeah exact yeah there's complications there yeah yeah so erm but iin this area there are three three well four actually if if you count the catholic school but you'll never get in there without the priests giving you a the nod erm here there's up here where behind here where goes er but that is one of the most popular schools in
1202. of those three is is always had a good reputation but you need to look on the map and see shall i go and get the the laptop? and look on the yeah okay yeah see what the school the okay do you want some toast? no i'm fine thanks are you sure? yeah yeah well i don't know swings and roundabouts what to do not gonna be easy i don '
1204. only one? i'm trying to think now trying to go through the schools i don't know i mean therethere'll be some in the within the there's a nice school there oh don't forget we've got the car to the garage today sorry? gotta take the car oh if you've got one i'll come and well just come up for i
1205. from and also we've got chairs over from see if she's gonna be in i don't know that have to ring her right what do we wanna know? so er map of school that there are you on the website? ah there we go mm i think it's a junior but hello hello erm infants and priming primary remember yeah erm name of schools no that '
1207. he wants erm his address er no no er cos he'll he'll have to but in which case what i'm saying is you'll if you get her into a school you'd have to move to that area when you get accommodation yourself aren't you? yeah yeah so let's go up here cos this is look they've got erm oh
1208. to live well that's what i'm saying you'd have to say you're staying here mm and then when you co move you have to move to the area cos the school would be in there but what do i mean what how i i on the situation i mean i haven't even spoken to yet about joining no no exactly but if i said she wanted to know about
1210. ##m i i erm i need to get an address mm mm but er in if i don't know it's i'd need to get an address before i can apply for a school essentially well you've got an address you've got our address because i yeah but i have got any of those documents no you haven't but if you're staying with family you don
1211. i can't get the p i can't get the the passport before i apply no that's what i'm saying it's complicated erm oh so it's junior school isn't it we want? junior yeah okay that if we can enlarge that right so that's er erm you can see where erm lives down there doesn't he?
1212. where erm lives down there doesn't he? and we are we are here we're in there okay? mm mm now oh they're not showing the schools very well's school is right up here mm mm and then oh here they are oh right it's showing them in by the looks of things why? where have the schools gone then? oh it's just showing
1213. that all the schools go that's weird look tried to look they're on there now i want to get them back they're the let's move that across mm right so junior school that's the one up by us that's the one i was talking about right i think that's called it's in erm there's the which is up by which is
1214. right i think that's called it's in erm there's the which is up by which is you know if you moved up there that wouldn't be too bad erm school which is where is well there's's not there that's out right out you've got over here you've got that's really weird because erm what's his
1215. s erm er isn't on there that's the one in that's easy to get into that's quite a you know a you know a possibility er the is a nice school junior school that i can't think where that is i've actually got the reviews here look what's it say there? well seeing seeing as i've got nothing no documents for it
1216. ##m er isn't on there that's the one in that's easy to get into that's quite a you know a you know a possibility er the is a nice school junior school that i can't think where that is i've actually got the reviews here look what's it say there? well seeing seeing as i've got nothing no documents for it no for
1217. ##s i understand what'll happen it you know it's it's quite difficult to coordinate it so the time is difficult but you'd be just say you'd apply for a school say with this as your residence and's residence initially but it's no in that case the timing's too short to get everything organised to get entry in september she won't well i
1218. him you might not get in in the first week or two she'd probably want a week or two to no asadjust no but i mean would it would it be a problem missing the school entry date in september? it would no why no okay you know cos it'll be it'll be a new entry for her whenever she leave yeah yeah sure so and to be honest it
1221. cos so what what is turmoil yeah you know well it's not it's been pretty steady so far but the plan is now that we can't afford to keep her in this school and so erm that's why she's talking about going back to erm so he's not able to support her? i've got no idea i don't know i
1222. and she's i think when she stops sinking er stops to think and think well actually do you know what this isn't such a really good arrangement moving to not mm not not having the school any more and and having to work to support herself really that's what she's saying mm and that's if he goes you know so right now it might be a you know not a
1223. don't think he's gonna be a good father erm i erm i can look after him over here did work it well and that's what you say she can have free school erm and i'll get that where we can live near a park where she can go to the park and the sea send it to her mm and free free medical and mantamanta fantastic opportunity
1225. going to come erm i quite staying with he's good company and erm but if i thought was gonna come i erm rent a place and find it all in the locality a good school for so but you ought to ask your questions you know about is this guy gonna look after? is he do you think he's gonna has he got a family already? you know so many questions
1231. she's on holiday at the moment but erm yeah but at the end of that mm next week she goes back she send she's happy to send her off week after week to a school where she doesn't you know she doesn't know the teachers doesn't know the teachers yeah she's got lots of friends and she's got get to know the teachers but you
1233. the right time mm when you need it yes and you can kick arse when it's not fucking happening right of course and you have to er but i still do think that going to film school and having worked in these departments with people you're you're ahead of the game helped me a hell of a lot to know what it feels like to be one of them yes ththat
1234. really and we have about twenty doing painting and drawing in the morning and about twenty doing the life drawing and the nearest you could say was related to would be a foundation type course right in an art school so it's quite diagnostic in a sense right okay but it's very erm liberally individually biased er in the sense that people are encouraged to sort of work in a way that suits them
1238. guy call me a stupid old git did he? in in er cos where i live there's like the pavement there and then there's a a road which goes down to the school mm and but this is the main road here right and it was really icy and i was walking along and you know there's a few cars about and i sort of just sort of a quick look
1239. got enough money to pay for the next lot that's right oh but it's going to be interesting next week cos erm that road along there cos there's an infant school there yeah and like in the mornings and in the afternoons wow that road is just jammed with cars yeah you know these big four wheel four wheel four by fours with people dropping off you know topsy and
1240. mornings and in the afternoons wow that road is just jammed with cars yeah you know these big four wheel four wheel four by fours with people dropping off you know topsy and mopsy to go to school mm well yeah and picking them up again and of cause in the even in the afternoons they have like the infant class finish off half an hour before the sec you know the the the primary school right yeah
1241. to school mm well yeah and picking them up again and of cause in the even in the afternoons they have like the infant class finish off half an hour before the sec you know the the the primary school right yeah yeah yeah and so like there's cars parked there for about an hour cos people get there really early to get a place to park to get a place yeah so they don't
1245. me off i'd rather freeze and walk than give those bastards an extra pound yeah the first time i you know? the fir when i got here i was like i am going to this language school at this street it's this one here and i showed him on a map on my phone and he fucking drove me to every language school mm yeah in the city and he was like here it is
1246. got here i was like i am going to this language school at this street it's this one here and i showed him on a map on my phone and he fucking drove me to every language school mm yeah in the city and he was like here it is i was like no is it this one? is it this one? here it is right on the map you fucking arsehole yeah anyway
1250. week? yeah instead of like say save me a seat i need to go and find my planner save me a seat maybe she just decided last minute not to go what when she was walking out the school? yeah she could have just come and been like sorry it wouldn't have taken her like we started like twenty past and it wouldn't have taken her twenty minutes to find her planner yeah co
1253. to england i'm like yeah literally my family my family makes me feel so tall and then when i get back to school i'm not even that tall yeah like i'm like at school like woah like you stand up and then everyone's like really yeah tall and you have to like look up really tiny year sevens like down here year seven are finally taller than some of year eight
1255. there's there's email so email took her months to figure that one out really? and then oh yeah no access to the computer can't use it computer if you use it at school erm i'll report the teachers which is like seriously bad and it's like well how stupid does she think they she is in the united states you go to a public library they've
1256. bought the house they're not going to just france i don't think had had much a need for electric did she really? no no no no cos i remember she was pretty old school weren't she? and so's the house mm your floor's nice though it is isn't it? it's lovely where's that from? it's from oh
1261. yeah oh oh he's and he's got ocd hasn't he? yeah oh he's obsessed when he lived at my mum's my dad was the caretaker at the school at the time and he's and he was in the bathroom that long that my dad had to run round and open the school on the saturday to go to the toilet oh god and then security rang
1262. lived at my mum's my dad was the caretaker at the school at the time and he's and he was in the bathroom that long that my dad had to run round and open the school on the saturday to go to the toilet oh god and then security rang my dad saying how come somebody had been in there and my dad just said i thought someone i seen someone climbing over but he '
1264. thought you could throw these things i used to play this for hours rather than go to school yeah you didn't go you'd skive yeah i'd play this oh shit what did school say? oh the usual crap i got really good yeah? used to play things all the time when you were doing er used to be like we just we'd fight for like ten minutes and like
1265. started as a accent but the so the videos of me as a kid i've got a really broad accent but then i we moved to in the and i went to like er like a grammar school so everyone who's there is really posh yeah's posh yeah so that kind of like neutralised me a little bit but i also got a bit of like from like other friends and
1270. a way that's appropriate for that context mm and that's not something everyone can do so and the other thing is is a lot of the people who've been very closely coached in school didn't know how to organise their time right and like we're just like oh my god like cos most of our time we had like two or three supervisions a week and then the
1275. i and i all of a sudden turn into being twenty twenty - one again but why am i s acting like i used to? yeah and my friends are like god you haven't changed since school and i'm like well i have actually i'm like i have i have yeah you have i can notice it i can notice it yeah you're still but you're like you know
1277. when you have enough it doesn't really make any sense but see i'm teaching they're teaching phonics to like and mm so that's how they start them off in school now i don't like that really? are they teaching them like guh - o - guh and kuh - a - tuh a - buh - kuh - duh -
1279. ' ve done mm so yes or no? do you speak another language? education i went to secondary school and i went to college sixth form cool tick em and that is it tick em both secondary school but what is like as in? so high school it's the same yeah same it's so primary is you it's lower middle and upper did you go to college or sixth form?
1280. you speak another language? education i went to secondary school and i went to college sixth form cool tick em and that is it tick em both secondary school but what is like as in? so high school it's the same yeah same it's so primary is you it's lower middle and upper did you go to college or sixth form? yeah secondary cool well actually secondary is just your middle
1282. quickly your children can do things yeah you know i've got a few friends who are like privately educated and it's like oh they speak fluent french at two and a half which is ridiculous school yeah and you know they they do this and they can do that and they're writing sentences at three and a half years old and you just yeah and it's almost like a race to how
1285. don't know if it's just a boy thing or what but is just like put him in sports and he loves it mm you know i mean and said to me he goes never liked school yeah because i literally should've been sitting my gcses and i was out already trying to learn how to do plumbing school is one mould and we're not mouldable like everyone
1286. mm you know i mean and said to me he goes never liked school yeah because i literally should've been sitting my gcses and i was out already trying to learn how to do plumbing school is one mould and we're not mouldable like everyone can't fit in that one shape no so they're i know that's why kids get put on ritalin and
1289. focus in's class there's thirty ah they are so expensive course it is what is it? we l erm to put into pri well to er to put both our kids in private school you're looking at a flat fee of anywhere between twenty - five and thirty grand a year yeah that's not school uniform that's not and they're gonna come out different as well
1290. to put into pri well to er to put both our kids in private school you're looking at a flat fee of anywhere between twenty - five and thirty grand a year yeah that's not school uniform that's not and they're gonna come out different as well course they can and once you put em into there and you can't afford it you c i don't think you
1291. as well course they can and once you put em into there and you can't afford it you c i don't think you can then take em out and put em into no a comprehensive school cos i just think then it's they don't get on they're they're yeah they are who they are and erm they're mingling with who they mingle
1292. i think one child i think yeah i i would do everything i can and i'd plug em in but at the same time i've s i've got friends who were in private school and the way they are and the cliquiness and mm you've gotta take on the whole social part of it as well mm mm you know you can't just turn up to a
1293. that you know no don't worry about it too much but we're looking at private tuition i mean it's it was really ni i really got on well with one of's school teachers and she's just now recently left and she actually came and pulled me to the side she goes i'm actually leaving the the school she goes i couldn't approach you before but she
1294. i really got on well with one of's school teachers and she's just now recently left and she actually came and pulled me to the side she goes i'm actually leaving the the school she goes i couldn't approach you before but she goes i actually do private tuition now that i'm leaving if you feel that you want to have extra lessons mm erm i'm more
1295. he is i think i dunno it's easy to say cos i don't have children but maybe not worry too much until they're like ten maybe yeah i reckon because middle school i think with prior to ten people school for me in my opinion at least from the experience i had you're kinda gonna learn those things anyway just mm by being alive it's just people learn
1296. ' s easy to say cos i don't have children but maybe not worry too much until they're like ten maybe yeah i reckon because middle school i think with prior to ten people school for me in my opinion at least from the experience i had you're kinda gonna learn those things anyway just mm by being alive it's just people learn them at kinda different yeah rates and yeah
1297. in my opinion at least from the experience i had you're kinda gonna learn those things anyway just mm by being alive it's just people learn them at kinda different yeah rates and yeah the school is merely facilitating it and also primarily looking after you yeah while your parents work yeah so i kinda think up until ten everyone should get to that i mean unless he's really struggling or something but i
1298. the rattle like the object in front of you shake it left to right and i was like well why do it left to right? why not right to left? she goes because when you go to school you write from left to right from left to right yeah and and then you'd have to rotate and and then like turn the rattle around hide it behind your back and then do it again so you
1301. before? yeah both of them beano magazine or an annual? annual two thousand and six and two thousand and eight i can smell salami there weren't any other beano annuals at school and so the simpsons annual fair enough and is it good? mm hm so far has it got things that you can do in it? but i suppose you can't cos it's a
1302. so the simpsons annual fair enough and is it good? mm hm so far has it got things that you can do in it? but i suppose you can't cos it's a school book yeah yeah what do you mean by that? mazes er word searches that sort of thing probably do you just want one hot crossed bun in your packed lunch? yes and i i have got into
1308. body flop no it's like a year six insult that is that's what such a fanny flap no we didn't say that in year six oh no you need to go to a school and see those good education for geordies then you're such a fucking perper i don't even know that what the fuck are you saying? this is because it is greek for erect
1314. feel quite sick i don't think i'll actually be able to eat much ready? we doing object? are we doing object? yeah ready? okay it's where you go at school to get your dinner dining hall oh no you're too posh for that er cafeteria?? other a long word for that that's american cafe? no er okay you drink it in the
1315. ' t know you're too posh for that where do you go and eat your dinner? dining hall erm i'm not talking it's okay we had dining hall in our school yeah i feel a little bit poorly i'm just gonna like take it a bit and have some toast or something i used to call it the cafeteria at school everyone's like no it's
1321. t and how to steal things no not really eh just how to lie to the police you know or all all the things they don't tell you in school but you know all the things in school that they don't tell you like you know like the fact i never knew i had a right right to arrest people then i realised that policemen are just exhibiting what our right to arrest with a few
1323. ##hschool friends and look at their pictures secretly? i bet she does we had a facebook first world problem the other day one of my friends er i started like a facebook page er for old school people you know? mm and er and my friend posted on there that one of our friends who most people hadn't seen since school had died susuddenly so all people just thought oh that
1324. my friends er i started like a facebook page er for old school people you know? mm and er and my friend posted on there that one of our friends who most people hadn't seen since school had died susuddenly so all people just thought oh that's a shame you know let us know when the funeral is he was a good guy and all this stuff and then one the next
1325. let us know when the funeral is he was a good guy and all this stuff and then one the next morning about half past seven in the morning i had a facebook message from er another of the school friends who said could i stop all these people posting on what she perceived as my facebook page because she'd been's par secret partner for the last thir about thirteen years she didn't
1326. announcement soon and didn't wanna upset them cos they'd have all left yeah mm and they'd all left respectful messages yeah you know it was one of these things he was in school but no one's really seen him since you know not like and i felt awful then i've gone er i've gone and upset the whole family like no you created the group to well
1327. byzantine to renaissance baroque and rococo the gallery del academia is venice's equivalent of the uffizi in florence giovanni piazzetta started the collection in seventeen fifty to service models for the art school in in eighteen 0 seven it was boosted by napoleon with the additions of works from supressed churches basically an art gallery bothered? what about the peggy guggenheim? number ten we did go before it'd
1328. haven of chirping birds in towering shaded trees signposted from campo san gergeremia and fondamenta savorgnan part of the park once belonged to palazzo savorgnan now a school which backs on to it and boasted statues citrus trees and roman stone work where's that? is that near the bus station? er map b two where is oh is it this one? oh there
1329. yeah yeah twelve year old mothers and all that mm yeah yeah but then you get all the all the christian right coming out and saying oh no this is disgusting you can't have sex education in school so you can't it's it's encouraging them you'll put an idea in their head it's so i'm sure they weren't thinking about it already yeah good
1338. him to who? hitler yeah i have i love that bitch i thought you were the white supremacist? no no only when i feel like it's just like full time in primary school from you making me fucking giggle what? i'd say it now if there was another world war and i like one other side was winning i'd be like okay i'll other side oh
1340. argue over ought you like and i was just like you can't say it now you're a weirdo eh you can't say that oh my god the amount of and drama in school was awful what? cos was a dickhead? no like my mum says i can't talk to you any more yeah when my mum says i can't talk to you i don '
1345. had seen us asleep and she thought i can't leave them so in a right way we did keep her there we did keep here there yeah but we got sent to a ghastly boarding school i can't tell you how awful yes i i was just going to ask you where did you go in all this? well erm we went to stay with an aunt who was not sympathetic to
1346. right hand she's got a little stump oh gosh and an index finger is so vital isn't it? i know yes it's really vital oh sh and and at the boarding school of course we both began wetting the bed immediately yeah it was run by a ghastly sadistic woman oh no who erm was would beat regularly for because she she was trouble as far as
1348. him and he was killed on a bicycle oh no in the vocation which fortunately was in the holiday not term time right erm i don't think we would've had bicycles at boarding school but erm uu she came back he's got a sister and was alright but was gone and i think that mattered a great deal to her yes yes i can remember that being very shocked that
1350. so fucking annoying that the i the reason there is traffic is because of the schools i know it's really annoying it's really really annoying it's just like i'm sorry private school mums piss off taking your chil your one child to school in your land rover can't you get them on a bus? yeah put them in a bus or do a car share or something
1354. not like break break break my pants i would trousers whichever i'd have to do this which is just feels uncomfortable so it just breaks right oh i see a fascinating expose of the life of a school - going bboy yeah but that doesn't really that doesn't really explain chewbacca how how how the pink and blue and purple marks oh yeah are on the shirts cos this chew
1355. you can go any direction remember yeah yeah but i'd just be going back into the same spot wouldn't it? okay what question do you want to answer? do you want robin hood school railway journeys or rain? i i might as well try school okay right yeah so don't look at my questions yet we need to guess just on the category whether she'll get it right or
1356. just be going back into the same spot wouldn't it? okay what question do you want to answer? do you want robin hood school railway journeys or rain? i i might as well try school okay right yeah so don't look at my questions yet we need to guess just on the category whether she'll get it right or wrong i am gonna say that she's gonna get it
1357. look at my questions yet we need to guess just on the category whether she'll get it right or wrong i am gonna say that she's gonna get it wrong so you said prob school did you? yeah school yeah i'm probably gonna get it wrong you know i'm not not gonna act erm like i'm gonna be good at this game but er that last question
1358. we need to guess just on the category whether she'll get it right or wrong i am gonna say that she's gonna get it wrong so you said prob school did you? yeah school yeah i'm probably gonna get it wrong you know i'm not not gonna act erm like i'm gonna be good at this game but er that last question i i have faith in
1359. the pink one yeah there we go er in the video for van halen's hot for teacher oh what the fuck? what does david lee roth instruct waldo to do as he boards the school bus? what? shit tuck in shirt i don't bloody know the answer is sit down what? so if you answer incorrectly you earn nothing all those who bet wrong double their bets so so so
1360. my mum didn't understand why i couldn't just get a job because she's you know from that generation who just got jobs when they were just doesn't understand straight out of school and don't doesn't understand it seems to be really my mum was the same like my mum got mm paper rounds and not paper rounds yeah she worked as a shop assistant but and she was
1362. getting a bit happy with her job as well it does take time doesn't it getting into these things i mean when you wer yeah when you have to go for a wo to work from school or whatever or if you're not it's a bit difficult if you're not used to doing it yeah then it is difficult you know i was i suppose i was lucky just like yourselves
1364. at work doing work on the job and i said well look i said there isn't much difference between i said there's your we went to school at the same time i said but the school that i went to when you're in the sixth - form it's a comprehensive school they they try to push you to univ not push you they encourage you to go to university that '
1365. difference between i said there's your we went to school at the same time i said but the school that i went to when you're in the sixth - form it's a comprehensive school they they try to push you to univ not push you they encourage you to go to university that's right yeah and at that point in time there was grants available there was for you to have
1366. for you to have so you know you got your grant for this and it and it was a lot easier so that's no different to you she says well i'm i'm old school i went no i said if i think about my my sister my sister is almost the same age as your parents there's like six years difference between them yeah i said my sister's children didn
1368. the higher national diploma you could convert it to a degree at the college that i went to but that qualification also got you into being able to do your degree course and the experience of working in the school yeah mm but it was hard yeah yeah it was hard yeah you know the easy bit was the teaching bit that was the easy that was the easy bit mm mm the hard bit was actually sitting down each
1371. went to private school really? i don't know whether you knew that but i went to private school did you? yeah really huh now to begin with i went i went to i went to school and i hated it yeah? i really hated it with a p didn't like it at all and then there was three people in my road and they were were no different no one one one person
1372. co - op bakery and then there was there was and there was another girl the one opposite she went and then there was me and we and i moved there and went to this went to this private school in and they were all there and in the end it was quite interesting just like my dad used to take us of a morning because he came from work and he took the two girls and and now '
1374. and and now's dad mum and dad owned a shop so we were in competition with them oh right but my dad took yeah? to sch to school so he took four of us to school of a morning yeah and then their parents would pick us up oh i see of an evening so dad took us of a morning and my and their parents took it in turn to bring us home oh that
1375. age of s i think i was there for five years and then once on my holidays we got this note saying the head teacher had run off with all the money oh no oh dear and therefore the school wouldn't be opening again in the sept in the september oh oh crikey and in the september we all had to find a school another schools to go to and oh right my mum couldn '
1376. with all the money oh no oh dear and therefore the school wouldn't be opening again in the sept in the september oh oh crikey and in the september we all had to find a school another schools to go to and oh right my mum couldn't get me in to the school that i should have gone to oh right and i remember there being a big argument mm a real big argument
1377. the sept in the september oh oh crikey and in the september we all had to find a school another schools to go to and oh right my mum couldn't get me in to the school that i should have gone to oh right and i remember there being a big argument mm a real big argument and my mum did say a few things which would be classed as racist now yeah and and it
1378. oh right and i remember there being a big argument mm a real big argument and my mum did say a few things which would be classed as racist now yeah and and it's interesting because the school they wanted to send me where there was spaces was actually part of the trojan horse thing that happened in birmingham a couple of oh right yeah twelve months ago yeah so you know we're talking we '
1381. to the school that i went to yeah? and where i'd been taken to school every morning all of a sudden on a monday morning i'm catching a bus to take me to this school to this school oh well yeah and went that way and then that was just a normal primary school then bit like yeah yeah and i re went then going there i've met up with students who i
1382. that i went to yeah? and where i'd been taken to school every morning all of a sudden on a monday morning i'm catching a bus to take me to this school to this school oh well yeah and went that way and then that was just a normal primary school then bit like yeah yeah and i re went then going there i've met up with students who i used i '
1383. morning all of a sudden on a monday morning i'm catching a bus to take me to this school to this school oh well yeah and went that way and then that was just a normal primary school then bit like yeah yeah and i re went then going there i've met up with students who i used i'd to to go to school at this private school yeah wow huh huh and then
1385. was just a normal primary school then bit like yeah yeah and i re went then going there i've met up with students who i used i'd to to go to school at this private school yeah wow huh huh and then it was like and then i went to a normal comprehensive school but my parents always felt that education was important yeah yeah wantwanting wanting they were right as well wanting the
1386. i've met up with students who i used i'd to to go to school at this private school yeah wow huh huh and then it was like and then i went to a normal comprehensive school but my parents always felt that education was important yeah yeah wantwanting wanting they were right as well wanting the best yeah i never looked for i didn't even know to be honest with you yeah
1388. know what happened to it? it's it's i think it's got i suppose that was taken over by some some some i took i had a visit there a few years ago school visit there a few years ago yeah i'm not too certain what it's doing now i think it is actually closed yeah but i re i remember going to the now in that area of birmingham
1390. it because you were home and we procrastinated drinking coffee all i wasn't home in march no i did it february last year and you were home for half term i think from oh school yeah i'm sorry mum so this year i've got to do it why do you only clean once a year? i don't only clean once a year i have a thorough thorough clean
1391. ##s that'd be and that was a drinks cabinet you so much wanted a globe didn't you? yeah i've always wanted a globe i used to study the globe at at the school right? cos u the old school ones in nineteen fifties they had all the british protectorates and they were all in pink weren't they? and u the sun never set on the british empire
1392. a drinks cabinet you so much wanted a globe didn't you? yeah i've always wanted a globe i used to study the globe at at the school right? cos u the old school ones in nineteen fifties they had all the british protectorates and they were all in pink weren't they? and u the sun never set on the british empire did it? that was right that '
1394. more interesting yeah erm oh it's just just too burotic it purotic? bureaucratic still yeah you know? free schools you know what's all that about? free school? you know? free school is you can do what you want set your own curriculum but ofsted come in and they look at your curriculum and say oh yes no ofsted are corrupt yeah you reckon
1395. it's just just too burotic it purotic? bureaucratic still yeah you know? free schools you know what's all that about? free school? you know? free school is you can do what you want set your own curriculum but ofsted come in and they look at your curriculum and say oh yes no ofsted are corrupt yeah you reckon? well i mean they it
1397. ' s not everything then is it? no i said and you're doing really well at school you get a real you got a really good report so it's not it's not school is it? so that's not everything yeah so but er yeah yeah showed us her her photographic it's good isn't it? brilliant ah so impressed yeah ah you really should see it
1399. and keeps the shape it it does yeah i was always amazed by that mm it's weird stuff ain't it? yeah we used to do that at er in me in metal work at school i think i made a a lovely little bowl bowl copper bowl copper bowl and hammer it so mm you get all that lovely pattern on it yeah you know the? patternation patternation yeah yeah with a
1400. you know the? patternation patternation yeah yeah with a planishing hammer and then you anneal it planishing hammer that's it yeah yeah we did lots of lots of stuff at that school you know i can't believe how much stuff we did yeah so yeah right i better go and get myself sorted oh i was gonna say cos that was would you like a sandwich with us?
1402. at school then the photos get passed around the you know girls called slags boys are patted on the back you know yeah yeah i remember when a photograph of me in my underwear got passed around the school oh horrendous i probably was still playing with my sylvanian families i was a bit of a slow starter so i don't think i've got that to worry about we were
1403. but you know yes all of that well has got them outside does it? yeah could go play not that i'm any good at it but it will be fun i haven't played since school but it's worth no me neither probably wait wait till your willy's gone down yeah wait till me willy's less excited and then and then get out the other cocks so how appropriate
1406. ' ve ever done i've liked my jobs as well has been fine i've never felt no nothing like that and the university i didn't like it i got out yeah and the school i didn't like it so i got out yeah but that wasn't because of me no rubbing anyone up the wrong way no it was just because i wasn't suited to it the conditions
1409. had to bribe them cos they didn't wanna come to london to to? they were too frightened i got bribed twenty quid and five packets of chocolate whip yeah i had to go school in erm you sound quite pissed off with when you got here? no cos it's so grim in? yeah nee needs nee needs and where are you off to next? erm wants
1411. needs nee needs and where are you off to next? erm wants me to go to with her to? yeah were you two mates at uni? mates at uni? went to school school when you say school do you mean school or do you mean? uni? i mean university our school so what do you make of? it's good? is it fun? e they '
1413. to next? erm wants me to go to with her to? yeah were you two mates at uni? mates at uni? went to school school when you say school do you mean school or do you mean? uni? i mean university our school so what do you make of? it's good? is it fun? e they've got a pretty good music scene haven
1414. ? yeah were you two mates at uni? mates at uni? went to school school when you say school do you mean school or do you mean? uni? i mean university our school so what do you make of? it's good? is it fun? e they've got a pretty good music scene haven't they? yeah and it's all all of it
1415. the poor li our cooker when it got to a certain temperature for a while started doing this absolutely insane rattle death rattle mm and had a was it a dinner party? no it was like a school dinner who was here? oh it was just? think so yeah what's gonna happen on your twenty - first? i dunno i think was asking for my passport so we're probably going
1416. of in a day in the life of in i don't wanna know i do is very much different from the day in the life of most other people in? because has loads and loads of school where everyone else seems to have no school gets up in the morning gets on the bus but no one's on the bus because no one starts school yet no one's on the bus? well
1417. in i don't wanna know i do is very much different from the day in the life of most other people in? because has loads and loads of school where everyone else seems to have no school gets up in the morning gets on the bus but no one's on the bus because no one starts school yet no one's on the bus? well i got eh i made sure u co
1425. ' s was really day's really hotted up i don't know what are your? what are the people? what was the space like where you go? so when you go to school what was that? i had i have the old building i have the main building mm? outside's the law of the main building everyone else fucks off to like some shitty little college so that
1428. every what so you go there every night after your dinner? yeah never work in the night? are you not working hard then? i don't i don't do that much work at school i thought you had to work harder than everybody else? yeah i still there i have to work hard probably do it all like u there is work i have to do oh that's easy though doing
1430. filling done no i don't want to have one on on pancake day i don't think i'll be having any you're gonna do that tossing the pancake thing at school though mm so your special assembly next week is like an oscars mm so it's all about the film that you did? not really sit down it does well your speech says hello everyone and welcome
1432. ' d be quite good at making mosaics mm well you can get mosaic making kits because that's what i used to do when i worked for i used to make little ones to to show school people at school kind of ah like pretend roman ones how big are the squares? oh tiny kind of like half of a a kind of four piece lego thing not very big at all oh and you can
1436. just were like some people came in that had like found i mean roman things i think they found who are you talking about? just some people s what? where are we in your head darling? school right? some people had found some roman things and they were like and they might've found something near that was roman and they came to the school when was this? last year right yeah? and
1437. ? where are we in your head darling? school right? some people had found some roman things and they were like and they might've found something near that was roman and they came to the school when was this? last year right yeah? and in class five mm there was a special mosaic thing though we didn't get to finish it it was half harry we were trying to make a half
1440. i'm the team leader i organise all the walks oh okay so i i organise two walking groups is it an org oh it's an organisation? not a big organisation now one was from school and it just developed friends and friends and friends mm hm and the other one we retired when i retired every tuesday second week during the day we go on a ramble and they could invite their friends relatives
1441. nice universities mm hm and had just started when you're going to do teacher training and stuff mm hm i me i had come from a i had just been eaten alive in an inner city birmingham school and i was listening to these lecturers talking about discipline and behaviour and i was listening and i thought these people haven't got a clue clue yeah about anything and these are telling me what to do
1442. nottingham so i have to get a bus in the morning to derby then a bus out in to to mick mickleover how long did that take? bloody ages yeah and then the head of the school at mickleover where i was he ran a chess team and he found out i could play chess and i won all my games for him and suddenly he if i had any discipline problems he used to
1443. relative to what they'd say was crazy and i mean what in the classroom? i got oh my god i've got pictures of me em when i was at swan you know the girls school? uh - huh i was there for two years i got thr oh we had a blind date competition and i dressed up as this woman i had three balloons in here i had a pair of well
1444. ' re just gonna learn what you've got to do to be behave for me i said and i used to say i've got no control about what goes on with the rest of the school so if you doss around and mess about in somebody else's classes that's not my problem but i i looked at this nice top set of first years that came in and then i said
1445. a big deal about it you're going to be on the receiving end cos it's like a virus yeah yeah definitely but i think that's what had happened in my in the school that i was in that basically senior management what school was it? em the one i told you about last last week in bournville? oh bournville and i think senior management hadn't
1446. be on the receiving end cos it's like a virus yeah yeah definitely but i think that's what had happened in my in the school that i was in that basically senior management what school was it? em the one i told you about last last week in bournville? oh bournville and i think senior management hadn't got just at the top - down discipline and so
1447. that i used to get my blood pressure checked regularly and then it wasn't that long cos if it was too long it would cause all the damage but eh so i must have been at school working and i was wondering why i was tired and stuff really? but there must be other teachers going in and having other things going on with them but partly i think some of the stress must affect create
1448. been at you get in the gents there's about three cubicles and then a load of urinals about five or six and i thought you know you got to which is a girls school right? you go in the blokes urinals there you saw about five thousand urinals it's got the biggest gents toilet i've ever been in and i'm
1449. blokes urinals there you saw about five thousand urinals it's got the biggest gents toilet i've ever been in and i'm thinking this is a girls school they don't have as many men anyway it's got the biggest amount of toilets you could have a bloody three classrooms in there i just couldn't get my head around it i thought what
1450. the blue on a saturday morning and i said well i'm going to a football game now in an hour he said can i come along and eh pick you up and take you to the eh school and have a quick look around? so i had me blue scarf on he he picked me up took me to the school and i said i'm going down the he said well you've got
1451. can i come along and eh pick you up and take you to the eh school and have a quick look around? so i had me blue scarf on he he picked me up took me to the school and i said i'm going down the he said well you've got the job i didn't i said yeah? really? yeah oh blimey cos nowadays you have spend a
1452. m going down the he said well you've got the job i didn't i said yeah? really? yeah oh blimey cos nowadays you have spend a whole day in the school and they grill you you have to do a it depends on what they want though because an observed lesson and but i never had any trouble with the kids because basically i was com i was a bit of
1453. and kids respect knowing where they stand i never used to go around em you only have to do it once and what i used to do is you do one thing once and if you're in school for ten fifteen twenty years that incident will be passed on through mates and stuff and whatever mm and eh they'll mak and they'll sort of ornate it and make it bigger and you know
1454. the day if i do things wrong then i'll say i'll face the music if you're prepared to face the music mm hm but if you're a valuable asset to the school and you don't have trouble or anything and you don't they're going to think twice before they try and get rid of you yeah yeah they're gonna want to keep you you
1455. advance i think i might have to go to at easter right what's this for? there are seven hundred mexicans arriving on oh can i come and draw them? no no they're school kids you can't they'll be underage oh okay it's also in of all places i don't like much i've never been there actually that's where is gonna
1456. s - her - name? er no i don't think so oh right they're regional groups so it's english uk southwest and the he the d one of the directors of the school is the chair and then they have various other committee people but it's a lady in actually called who is who's been who's the director of studies in one of the schools in the
1458. school job then the dinner lady so a supervisor's assistant and then on a wednesday and a friday i work in a furniture shop for and i lock up there in my lunch and go into the school so well nearly every day except for monday afternoon after half one tuesday afternoon and thursday but then now i'm looking for a job on them three on them three because i get bored so and then she
1460. not trained him in the fifteen weeks then? yeah mm it's true isn't it? surely you can train them to be fast enough? and he comes out what did you come in school in your athletics? don't know when you were with and that you won didn't you? yeah you know when you had that that the competitions yeah yeah and erm sports centre they won
1461. there yeah there were three or four of them yeah they were all sitting there i can't remember their names now erm they definitely got the photos before us yeah and and the secretary in the school it'll be yeah it could be it was a nice party though wasn't it? yeah yeah i've got my picture to treasure have you remembered it? yeah ah now if that was
1463. have him back? well for love? or well i didn't ask her that financial convenience you know oh i know cos there was all the other stuff of how is she gonna manage the school run without him and? how does she manage it on her? i dunno she didn't have a plan at the time she d she st she didn't have a plan because of course
1464. mad to er to get involved in that type of arrangement she didn't have a so i don't actually know i mean that's the difficulty of not sending your kids to the local school i suppose where they can just get on the bus mm with everyone else but yeah i don't know anyway watch this space well see won't be going there will she cos she hasn '
1465. sort of like complimentary to's oh okay yes yeah sort of you know yeah erm er sort of erm observation if you like yeah but no obviously it's performing arts at that school and i said you might you might want to tell that yes you know yeah erm i didn't realise they did er do a level art but then er why would i? my children have never
1469. she's bright yeah yeah or in some subjects i don't know how bright mm but she they said she's too academic for the so the the alternative was moving her to a different school so she was expelled? so she's been expelled so she continued with her behaviour inappropriate she's been expelled when? oh october time? oh gosh november? around then yeah oh no never
1471. so sort of i know hardworking and yeah laid back oh gosh quietly spoken gentle i do remember on one of the it might have been one on the of one of the first walks that the school organised round the village mm and i do remember coming across this backtrack and and was kind of playing with but you know when you think god that's a bit not rough but the things he
1472. well what do you mean his phone rang? she said oh he's on it all the time i said well i think i might need to use my phone yes and make a call to the school so anyway apparently the phone rang yeah and the teacher said w i'm ever so sorry i'm just gonna have to get this and goes he goes hello? and she goes it's me
1478. history i remember primary sources and you know yeah in research and that you i remember you coming home and sort of telling me about some of the research and methods that you were using so i guess in school there are other areas where people are questioning that and i certainly did in it you know i'd ask yeah the kids to well maybe you know think about the sources of information they're using for
1479. albeit in a how did you do that? i remember when you were teaching saying how often you'd be going to the it guys for help but that's always the case though in any school erm the it depar you know the it technicians are are critical to oh gosh i anything running because often their networks are so poorly put together and patched together and there's so many
1482. it's gonna be long no like i say give him till secondary school wait until he starts mixing with some more older children and that get out of that is that what it's called the school? that's where he's at the moment yeah he wants to go up to academy i'm hoping they'll probably follow him a couple of years later oh i suppose so yeah don
1487. east you know you go into a shop and you shake hands with the boss or the people it's just you know just done all the time and i was in a kind of erm boarding school environment in oman and you go in in the morning you know wake the kids up and you'd shake hands with them you know you'd shake hands with every child in in the dorm mm you
1489. ' s just booked up to go out there at christmas for a couple of weeks to be with him oh in melbourne mm mm so she she's like a has she a class teacher in your school or is she? she was a class teacher she covered ppa supplies she did but now she's just doing the one day of doing pe and sport all day which is what she what does she
1490. ##ssing yeah and okay here's another here's a business idea oh oh so loads of young people i'm gonna sound old but okay people who are still at univers at college school university who ride to school college university on their bike mm in the winter they've so often mm not got gloves on and i have asked a few at traffic lights thinking maybe they just feel the cold
1491. ' s another here's a business idea oh oh so loads of young people i'm gonna sound old but okay people who are still at univers at college school university who ride to school college university on their bike mm in the winter they've so often mm not got gloves on and i have asked a few at traffic lights thinking maybe they just feel the cold yeah and no they do
1492. this yeah that's right yeah and schools and that mm who kept these things like nobody looked at them when they did them mm no but they had they had you know i dunno if your school had one did you? yeah yeah there's a weather station yeah we did and you had to record it yeah you know wet yeah wet bulb thermometer a dry thermometer that's
1494. weather they had one out at er mm and we had to do one there as well yeah all the wea the different weather at at the mm coast and the weather inland but i mean every primary school had one didn't they? yeah yeah and all these records which people thought were just wha now they're going back and looking over all these records mm and you've got this huge
1496. twenty's plenty the kids have done but they got thir the signs they have thirty mile limits but it is thirty yeah yeah but but i always try and get down to twenty going past the school where it's the signs come on well it says twenty yeah the si sign come up mm i think why not? twenty is plenty but i like i like to keep to the limit now no i
1497. all the erm well hour hourglass she was well i think all the girls she works with now older are a little bit more mature got a few more brain cells than on her like hoovers school friends and things yeah at one point vacuums yeah at one point i almost too i too i i just about to take a photo but then they moved didn't they but they were like the four
1504. when entering the green room he was so tall he was huge wait wait wait which guy? erm he came from with the charity yeah he did assemb did he do assembly for the whole school? right right no he didn't do the assembly he was just with the guy that was presenting oh yeah yeah you were yeah yeah yeah cos he he was he was afterwards he had the vi
1505. point was everyone going oh my god pray for damascus or something yeah pray for like and and and even like for example when there was a tension like in pakistan the the peshpeshawar er school do you do you remember there was a school where people came and killed everyone yeah yeah yeah yeah they reported it in such a bad way they said oh those militants came in they killed people because they didn
1506. damascus or something yeah pray for like and and and even like for example when there was a tension like in pakistan the the peshpeshawar er school do you do you remember there was a school where people came and killed everyone yeah yeah yeah yeah they reported it in such a bad way they said oh those militants came in they killed people because they didn't want people to get an education which
1507. nice pili pala there you go a kid's first name mm pila i was thinking that same thing pili pala pili pala she'd get kicked out from the school pila pilapalla? anyway i like the name myfanwy myfanwy it's lovely isn't it? yeah's not convinced oh right okay obviosl i '
1508. know if you're being serious or not now i love it or you are gutted absolutely gutted so when are you do need to be in the i love it if it's sarcasm school of it because you need to have your next game always the next move i always have my next move ready is it me? always is it me? it's like chess yeah is it me?
1510. that's right yes so it was well i suppose with five children yeah well there were five anyhow but in her young days she used to take oh the afternoon ones i think sunday s sunday school i suppose oh right all of those yes in fact for some years i sh she was visited by the local minister of her chapel ah used to come and visit her cos she did s quite a lot
1514. the screen the the good ones are you know like where it's made for 3d and and it's like a 3d experience like when we saw that dinosaur thing and like when i went with school we watched erm like one where there was like fish swimming and it felt like you were swimming with the fish yeah that was good but then when you so do you remember that one we went to in
1515. have we moved now? ever since i came to this country? mm you lived in one house all your life yeah i think i must have moved every two years or something longest was a was a school yeah that's probably slightly yeah these lights yeah and if you ask people you know who work not retired how many times do they go on a beach? cos never no i mean old people do
1518. genuinely cos they don't like don't lie the hit in the face for not until about six or seven what was your sports? you an all - rounder? er with the school sport was rugby but i never played that er i thought you'd be pretty pretty nippy on the wing wouldn't you? yeah but i pff just didn't like it yeah it
1519. run mm yeah just go to the spar and back that was it yeah just get get the kids out in a field and then make them run where's this? just talking about sports in school and what sp what did and whatever has he got any words out yet? no not yet he he he's very vocal yeah but he doesn't erm doesn't ttturn anything into
1520. into on friday did they? yeah yeah and they came back and then went round to's on friday night so i haven't seen oh the yeah then i says i need to get my school polo shirts so i mm oh yeah you do so i had to go and buy her six polo shirts six? wow well there is there is a problem if don't get six cos won '
1521. see where it is yeah online and stuff like that to see yeah data and stuff so we i know for a fact he would have looked at yeah cos he would the the data of yeah the school or whatever i said but you know mm so w thursday well tuesday we'll be able to you know see what happens on tuesday cos that's when supposedly we're gonna be told what
1523. ve made it all 3d it's not great oh no it's not 3d isn't it? i know but it's not no it's it's proper like old school snake yeah you can play snake on youtube can you? look it's like that that's so cool it just still not the same as on the other phone though is it? but it '
1525. do you want some do you want some meringue? oh and that he'd try and come to the next one and we just i asked him if he was still teaching at the other school in and he said he is but he's thinking of quitting or working at a private school instead oh come here last time he spoke to me was come here when i got my a level results
1526. come to the next one and we just i asked him if he was still teaching at the other school in and he said he is but he's thinking of quitting or working at a private school instead oh come here last time he spoke to me was come here when i got my a level results and he was telling me don't be too disappointed it'll be fine i'm like
1527. shreds so i was like limping like well if you've got a bad ankle you should probably wear good shoes yeah so i had to go into clarks and buy a pair of school shoes like proper leather school shoes that cost me forty - five pounds which is erm so i had to er pay with my santander student account with my overdraft nearly crying as i typed typed
1531. saying i'm tired i'm at the top of snowdon i'm too tired to get back prrr can you come and get me? yeah there was that sc was that a school group from england last year? went or two years ago went up erm ben nevis? you know and the kids were in shorts and really? erm you know the we er some of the
1533. they'd almost sort of encourage you to be a bit like yeah yeah go on run up that one go on yeah tire you out yeah i've got all that common or garden sort of school trips aye mm then i'd have to volunteer to help out with the mm mm that'd be quite fun actually feel free winter camping with seven year olds there you go oh aye that could be
1534. we're going in june mm we're er going the easter week yeah it's annoying splitting up with i had so much planned with her my cousin's wedding this wedding and my school reunion it sucks just hire someone less drama yep this is true i might just hire a tart mhm mhm yep did you hear from? your no no? no i've just realized i
1538. wasn't very happy about that right all in all um and then mm er apparently had a quiet word in my mum's ear and said i'm not i don't think sunday school is probably right for oh and then that was that goodbye goodbye baby jeebus bye baby dubious jeebus christian j dubious goodbye baby dubious to your christian life no one gives a fuck about you has
1540. do that go just go cos otherwise you're coming here to go there you might as well go straight there but you've gotta remember that that's leaving it a bit later the school run'll be starting tut yeah tut which is a bit of a bitch six thir if i was in the pool for six thirty that means i'm only gonna get a half hour
1541. s like bread slightly burnt yeah oh can you tell me about toast? i am actually interested oh erm it's about a cook well he's a little llittle kid er in school he become he like does cooking class and then he becomes a chef mm and he's good at being a chef and his and his mum dies spoiler alert after the spoiler yeah mm oh co
1543. them oh nobody wants to? yeah but before in you had some people that yes was very different to preferred that because if they had little kids they got them to bed or yeah or they did the school run no nobody likes doing them yeah that's a shame yeah mm do they have to cer a certain amount is it part of the contract? or yeah yeah but i i'd i don
1546. tonight what so we're gonna play the harry potter game after sure erm school tomorrow yay are you guys really tired? it's been it's been hard to no adjust to school i'm not i'm not tired at all well is definitely tired mm but oh so's birthday party is on sunday yay yeah okay and then it's only's erm
1550. but then she em she gave them to me on friday after school and she got so excited that she was opening them to show me so she completely missed the point of the gift was for sunday which school is that? it's the one in in oh right yeah it's just the mornings it's just morning school so nine till one that's the same thing as they have in lo
1551. me so she completely missed the point of the gift was for sunday which school is that? it's the one in in oh right yeah it's just the mornings it's just morning school so nine till one that's the same thing as they have in lode you know where i live so they have a inspired kind of preschool thing and i think yeah i think it's mornings
1553. minder was fine again you know she's okay now okay so you're still using the same person? yeah well it's kind of handy cos she's only opposite the school literally you know lives opposite the college yeah perfect yeah no it's pretty good yeah mine's not far she's just round the corner from me in but me you know it's just
1554. i try and get there at four o'clock but every night it's five past four ten past four five past four it's really hard there's just so much going on at school that leaving on time is really difficult how's your day been today? eh it's been good cos today is an easy day for me i only teach two lessons so i have three free
1556. school to say i may not be in on time because she ran up the road and you know i had to go chasing after her i've got the one year old in the car and the school bags did you find it in the end or not? no no i gave her a packet of crisps and that seemed to em fix the problem oh yeah it was the same thing today at the doctors
1557. what have i got that she likes? cereal bar? crisps? must always have food bribes in the car i'd forgotten that oh yeah definitely well my husband when he worked in a different school somebody said to him that basically bribery is the basics of today's education exactly it's teaching and parenting isn't it? yeah it's a shame really cos the school i used
1558. different school somebody said to him that basically bribery is the basics of today's education exactly it's teaching and parenting isn't it? yeah it's a shame really cos the school i used to work at there was a language teacher there who used to when the year elevens did really well at the lesson she used to give them sweets and i kind of found it a bit strange
1559. it's also difficult because if you have a class of kids who speak the same language then obviously they would speak the same language to each other mm cos when i was working in the language school i had the same problem erm i mostly taught english to people who were from germany or switzerland and because the they were basically you know classes of speakers of the same language mm even though i spoke english
1560. mm mm and then they've got a motivation so they're more likely to make progress yeah so were you teaching english as a foreign language? em i was yeah i was teaching a language school english as a foreign language for couple or years and then after that i was just a teaching assistant in a normal school doing all sorts really but yeah i'm basically celta trained mm so yeah i
1561. teaching english as a foreign language? em i was yeah i was teaching a language school english as a foreign language for couple or years and then after that i was just a teaching assistant in a normal school doing all sorts really but yeah i'm basically celta trained mm so yeah i trained in that was good fun actually so that's not tefl or? eh it's eh yeah it
1564. was good fun though definitely you know yeah i'd love to do that actually it must be great to teach language to people who really want to learn it and really need it rather than you know school kind who are just kind of doing it because don't know they need it to perhaps bet on to the next stage of education they might not every use it for real purposes well actually they're
1565. time and you have to teach everything as well every subject so it's a lot more pressure really on you now and also the expectation expectations i think are quite high because obviously you know the secondary school are like you know small fish big pond whereas there it's like the other way round yeah where does he teach? well at the moment in linton but then it's only a temporary job
1566. the moment in linton but then it's only a temporary job so from easter i think he's going to or something i don't know it it's a very very small school like a really tiny one what age does he teach then? oh just all ages at the moment i think it's year six okay so the bigger ones yeah no he doesn't really have much
1569. the freezer? it's a mystery to me to freeze something? oh i was looking for some fruit so that permission slip for your film is there mm so yeah's gonna do forest school on fri er thursday but mm you haven't done it y this year yet have you? have you? no we don't do it in year two you do you do it in every
1570. made of sheepskin did you sleep with that sheepskin last night? yeah was it was it really hot though? no not really was it nice? mm very so when did you last do forest school? that was a while ago last time i sho a i saw a sheepskin mama what are you doing? what am i doing? putting jam and cheddar together? it's pickle
1571. ah ah ah calm down says it's says what? now it's your turn i thought i saw oh now that's the thing to remind me one thing it does say about forest school is that it's saying you can bring frogs no a little a little snack and and a little drink that f can fit in your pocket now we don't really have any cartons or anything
1572. definitely need to get say a little carton of orange juice or something like that mm or lemonade? yeah? i think that or lemo no not lemonade i don't think the school will allow that now this will be the last day you can eat these sprite sprite zero then fruit muffins no sprite zero is lemonade just with zero sugar in i think erm
1573. and lots and lots of it it's not good for you the same way that natural sugar's al of course of water which is the best so you're not gonna have that at school there's no way they'd allow that mama i would like to have erm can we try to have water please? i want to have just water well you do have lots of water no
1575. s there sh pays her rent cos was saying oh you know i um i'm gonna get this new job basically it's just like an after school club cos she works at the school so she'd get more hours yeah um and she was like oh so i can earn a bit more money cos i'm absolutely skint all the time and inside i was bubbling cos
1576. ##redding now ah only i think if you know how to cook a chick cut a chicken properly all this just comes off in the slices but um think that's what they teach you at chef school yeah chicken shredding chicken chicken shredding if it was a duck i'd be a winner that's cos you shred duck that's what you do there we go i
1584. i i got my own pronouns synonyms antonyms er i can't remember str the structure of adverbs i can't rememremember anything that we did in school mm yeah i had a good teacher i had a couple of good teachers erm i liked he was a good teacher i loved yeah enjoyed him teaching he was a good man he was a spiritual man he
1587. said oh those are for girls cos he's so irritating i mean there's nothing girly about but then just he find out that they're the most cool shoes in the whole school and everybody and the girls start liking him again that never happened cos did you wake up? when did you wake up? when you woke me up but in the dream erm er can i tell
1589. why i wanna pre pepare pre preprayer prepare yeah this time yeah just so there's i know what sort of points might come up yeah but i can't believe how biased that school was i know like it doesn't change it they didn't get through anyway did they? no like i dunno as soon as we were like well they might be guilty because weren't
1592. out wednesday and then er immediate plate stuff or whatever you now told me they put in your mouth mm mm well it would've been a lot worse fifty year ago yeah well yeah no er the school dentist scary used to just put just pull em out mm i know and that's why half the people at our age haven't got any teeth they just pulled em all out my mum and dad
1593. vegetables and no sugar that is true isn't it? yeah yeah but everyone i know er s used to have bad teeth yeah mm it's like when they used to come round and the school dentist came round mm you know yeah everyone had to have fillings and stuff didn't they? yeah they did or pulled out mm but i can't understand that when they sort of running on
1594. for you i used to be milk monitor we're a great believer in milk aren't we? yeah wwe love our milk mm and er wwwhen i was a milk monitor at the senior school funnily enough mm we used to have loads of milk over cos kids didn't no one'd no one'd drink it would they well it was a funny taste one well it
1597. for? paul's boutique? yeah i love boutique is there all their little emblems hmm i have hatred for this yeah it's tacky as hell tacky as hell and all the school kids have got kind of i love boutique hand bags don't they? hmm which are painted and a bit stuck on and oh they're disgusting fake gold yeah s shit but then they're
1603. was three if i worked three days a week he loves it why? i know well it's my day with him isn't it? and before i know it he'll be at school before you know it you might not make it to school you'll be so exhausted i know i mean are you all finished here? was everything okay for you? it was delicious thank you thank you
1607. re going to go to the cinema anyway so just that's fine with us no problem yeah she was like oh by the way are you from the area? and i was like we went to school in she was like oh really? she went to as well oh wow but like years ago ninety - eight she left oh how does she know? i don't know how she knew that we were
1609. like i think she was six years above me okay five or six years above us so she was in sixth form when we just started mm but still i was like still weird we went to the same school small world yeah it's weird when you like know the same teachers and stuff it's just like oh god yeah weirdo mr oh god mr he's been there for well he was there
1610. we we were drinking but we weren't really getting pissed like and we were sat at the top of the field and so we were facing this way and on your right - hand side is a school like a primary school that i used to go to everyone in the village went to and then on your left is erm a separate field with a fence so you're in this field there's
1612. a field and erm at the bottom of the field there's an old fence that you have to jump over to get on to this field cos it's meant to be the primary school's field like they own it and erm we were just sat at the top of the field and we were all just sat chilling out i sat with my boyfriend and everyone else was just sat with
1615. ' s on the same day then we can just commute together yeah well will take us anyway so if it's not on the same day it'll be slightly more difficult mine's school of english so i i reckon yours will be the same day because that's the day that everyone goes back i think it's the the last day before the new term but will be travelling to
1617. up there i thought i could cut through the and walk round the back way but of course that's the way i used to go when i went to school there right and you go through the school and go round the back of the sixth form and end up in the fields where we used to do cross country right but of course that's the way i went when i went to school so i
1619. so i walked up there and i was like i can't get through that footpath anymore because you have to bas i think it is a public footpath but you have to walk through the school to get to the back so i walked all the way back again and around and eventually caught up with them and lucky had run lucky ran away again she hadn't taken him off the lead since last
1620. hunting dogs get trained so that should be should be possible i don't know yeah yeah you need to know what you're doing don't you i think they should take him to a school we tried that with our dog and he was just useless man he was just useless some dogs you just can't can you but also like our house because i don't know it was a bit
1623. of contrast between how quickly yeah as well yeah yeah it kind of switches to people being like that it's almost like oh they have to say how important they are otherwise you would never get through school you know you'd never you'd never bother kind of thing but i mean they are important in terms of the grounding that they give you for everything oh yeah no i think they are important
1624. been september that i did it so i was luc really lucky to get a place yeah like how? but i did have a recommendation from my yeah my tutor who was good friends with the head of school who was your tutor? where were they from? it was er erm and actually he went on to teach at the uni as well yeah but how did you know him? he was my er
1625. be good if if that did happen because that will then give you more skills in in you know how to handle that competitive yeah kind of nature because if you know if you've naturally always at school by default been the person leading yeah you know there are other skills that you need to also learn in order to be able to get by in that competitive environment yeah the annoying thing is like i like i
1627. ' t it you know yeah sort of when you are moving from class to class and so you know when you're going through in one class the majority of your lessons like you were in secondary school there are set patterns that everybody falls into isn't there you know yeah and relationships and you know yeah erm alliances or or whatever so it's easier for those to because of the nature of
1629. ' s terrible and that they completely blamed the ship captain and he committed suicide and a bunch of other people committed suicide over it they lost face the the head the princ the vice principal of the school hung himself outside the outside the school like it's terrible oh my god it was really horrific and we were there it was really bad it's a bit of a cultural problem it's like
1630. blamed the ship captain and he committed suicide and a bunch of other people committed suicide over it they lost face the the head the princ the vice principal of the school hung himself outside the outside the school like it's terrible oh my god it was really horrific and we were there it was really bad it's a bit of a cultural problem it's like if somebody above you says do this
1632. yeah they get paid pretty well headteachers do they? yeah i don't know about but it's a big responsibility isn't it? i don't know about in his school but i mean when i've seen job adverts for headteachers they're usually on about sixty grand yeah it's ridiculous mm but it is a lot of responsibility but when you
1633. just suggest that i have to do that do you just put up what you want or is it? no no no no who who? it's topic work er topic work and for the whole school or for? er yeah yeah nursery through to i do foundation stage key stage one and key stage two no but just the topic oh no the topics are they run ffor er different phases so they '
1635. these er ladies they've got a very dinner system at the moment where but we have employed so many people to help the dinner time along you know apart from all our dinner with this new free school meals for infants mm yes tell ttell tell us only for infants is it it's not going to be for juniors? it's reception reception year one and year two mm so everybody gets free
1637. ? yeah and who cooks it? well it's where it's normally cooked just keep talking but i'll be back mm well in just one second our our meals are cooked at primary school and the peo and is it like airline meals? no it comes they serve them out onto plates and erm oh i see they they come but in large they come in yeah a big er a
1639. when people in places like malaysia where they eat peanuts in everything they're not allergic to them? mm why are british babies and children can't eat peanuts? well there are children in my school that are allergic to peanuts who are not british i know so how come some are and some aren't? but that has a very serious consequence it's not just a question of well it can
1642. didn't they? and all the beautiful woods along the escarpment mm and then down to mm and was absolutely packed every school you passed i cannot believe i didn't do the village school there were loads of kids outside went to the memoria you know the war memorial oh did it gets packed with people there it wasn't he didn't think it was too busy well it made
1643. that i didn't do it mm it it it was just really nice to see i don't know what what land i was in it was such a nice day as well mm and every school there were kids outside with flags and things did you see they've done all that knitting those that erm do finish these if you want knitted little erm mm thank you tops in or somewhere
1644. said she says britain put her off sport australia has given the opportunity to do sport so that's why she does it for australia well that's circumstances really not nothing that mm but you know school sport if you're not that good at it puts you off doesn't it? mm but it's the opportunity to do something i think the weather in australia i mean she could have for
1649. think we'd have to go to austria some time yeah well i mean i didn't really see very much of it i only saw that tiny like tiny bottom corner like that i remember my school saying that they they had their skiing trips to austria cos they were the friendliest of the uh the nations that uh yeah yeah skiing countries? well there's a lot of newer ones though isn
1654. and speak to them and just say because most of's subjects you know well i most of them offer these sessions he had it was supposed to be another pe session but that was cancelled again after school last night cos miss had her netball match well last wednesday's was cancelled cos miss had her netball match well why put them on a wednesday if that's yeah the date of your matches
1655. and she was telling me a story yesterday where a lad was giving her it's the physics teacher physics science teacher mm she can't control the class apparently she's under review by the school anyway tea more senior teachers pop in and see her and all this and that and in the class yesterday a lad was giving out these loom bl loombands oh yeah? and in the lesson
1657. all your hard work over the years gets destroyed in the important years mm because of disruption in the class because basically the teachers can't do the job properly yeah so i'm gonna phone the school tell him everything that i know she said mum people have phoned and complained about the physics teacher people have phoned nobody does anything i said well i'll phone and i'll say i '
1659. said she's always off but they don't they don't seem to replace her they just miss those lessons mm i mean i know the after school ones he keeps getting promised these after school booster sessions or revision sessions or whatever they're calling them and if they get cancelled well you you that's a bit of a grey area isn't it because mm they weren't obliged
1660. i'd be oh you kn and i'd do do my homework and stuff but but llots of kids like mine don't the thing is is having worked in the primary our primary school i tell you know er you do have to look after yourself and you do have to oh yeah i know want to learn because yeah it's a joke quite frankly i think mm an absolute joke it
1662. and it's just unfortunate that the boys and are the first guinea pigs of the new system aren't they? yes yeah yeah they will be i'd be interested to see what the school says to you if you ring yes oh i will ring i just waiting for mm i said to her last night i want you to do me some notes so i've got actual yeah evidence of mm
1665. her so sh in defence she did that oh but she cut her on her nose oh my goodness i dunno she's er turning into a devil child isn't she? but at primary school wednesday again the day after apparently has had attitude and he'd been given some extra work to do in his lunchtime mm and went to and questioned i shouldn't be having to do this and
1669. oh no no it's alright anyway it's a mistake i was at the careers thing yeah yeah did told me and i said oh you're alright then cos obviously getting an after school detention is like quite a quite an event it was worthy of telling me about it yeah yes so er but i thought oh no he can make his own way home that day and have a little bit more
1681. mm of some kind of the revolution hopefully so is she she's not wanting to stay in teaching? erm or is it? i think she wants to she wants to get out of that school oh okay i don't think she wants to stay in it for very long but i think she wants to try doing it a nicer school i imagine it would make quite a big difference mm co
1682. she wants to she wants to get out of that school oh okay i don't think she wants to stay in it for very long but i think she wants to try doing it a nicer school i imagine it would make quite a big difference mm cos she's at one of these like really rough academy places and yeah sounds completely rubbish mm in every way it's good yeah i '
1683. duh rock paper scissors you for it i'm i'm not bothered about drinking any more hooray mm i probably don't need to is it a weekday? it is a school night yeah am i being healthy? didn't we decide that new year's resolutions are rubbish though? yes we did good it's only that they're made at a difficult time of
1684. teaching methods or like the the that give people that inhibition about actually expressing their themselves in their their their subject in a way that really relates because we go through this huge processes of like you know er school not not being very fun and formal curriculums having to be conveyed and so on and so forth so so by the time that you probably become a lecturer you you've gone through your own education yourself
1685. of say like so we were we were being we were talking about erm the way bodies are viewed in are viewed in certain contexts so the beach or the er you know mm mm er girls'school in the nineteen sixties mm mm and how these you know erm it's probably formed as probably part of human geography i think it's part of human geography yeah erm er it's
1686. hadn't sighted off the website ah ha and because that's the only place that you're allowed to get the information is the book or the website cos it's the business school yeah luckily for me they do still have books hallelujah i can write all over them and take them on the bus and yeah exactly yeah should see the state of them oh instead of like caress them
1690. s not it's not it's different than yours but it's not like people have used it you know the fact that i'm quite academic yeah and you know especially in secondary school i'm i'm pretty certain there was a group of girls in particular who thought i was a snob because i did like i worked hard and i did well they thought i was up myself
1694. in those days if it didn't cost any money well it would cost you money cos you have to have a teacher mm i'd be the teacher yeah but i mean going to a school for free like that is a very good school but yes but there weren't schools like that at the time yeah they're a bit oh i do need one of those and do you know what
1695. any money well it would cost you money cos you have to have a teacher mm i'd be the teacher yeah but i mean going to a school for free like that is a very good school but yes but there weren't schools like that at the time yeah they're a bit oh i do need one of those and do you know what? in the time of shakespeare it was rude
1696. ? italian? it wasn't rude to use english but they did rome rome? that's they spoke italian? well and latin? well i mean and they on and we did it in school do you mean they were still speaking latin? well so it was a punishment if you needed and you would get a punishment if you spoke it but really? you learned english in school hang on a min
1698. ' t know mum or you could make i would believe me if that did ha if that did happen then erm come over here i'd figure out then wwell there wasn't a school in those days no but you if we were if we obviously we'd be rich be educated so i would pay to have a tutor oh and the but then we wonder where you were getting all your
1699. ##pressing i just wanted to watch the first three films again cos they're the best number three's the best book and film i think cos it's all just nice and about school and things like that rather than and about destroying a basilisk yeah but it voldemort's sort of in the background rather than just being there all the time you have got that part part
1701. apples damn those apples speed up time you need to get jewels and you need to get coins mm you can also buy things is this the shop then? no what is it? a world? so school a school? it's a school okay what's the game called? descendants right disney descendants oh okay it's a disney thing and who is that man? i've no idea okay
1702. those apples speed up time you need to get jewels and you need to get coins mm you can also buy things is this the shop then? no what is it? a world? so school a school? it's a school okay what's the game called? descendants right disney descendants oh okay it's a disney thing and who is that man? i've no idea okay ben he
1703. need to get jewels and you need to get coins mm you can also buy things is this the shop then? no what is it? a world? so school a school? it's a school okay what's the game called? descendants right disney descendants oh okay it's a disney thing and who is that man? i've no idea okay ben he's called doug it says
1704. barbeques and things like that and yeah they did turn to but some of the pubs turned to plastic glasses cos to stop people fighting with glasses yeah all these barbeque events like the school's er ones i'm i'm sure i'm sure they all had it's weird though cos they have the budget to just go and buy them and then throw them away
1705. g e r mm o n mm hm i m o mm hm is that how you spell it? mm hm i am good but mrs gave me a list of websites that you go on sometimes that school so you can practice some maths and you don't really need the literacy but spellings that could so they could do that uhu erm on my tablet or something i yeah like erm
1706. costumes had absolutely no intendance of keeping their reputation at all i think they were just being silly yeah superman i think one of the teachers should dress up as matilda it's a shame that the school didn't do world book day isn't it? yeah but my friend who writes books is who is very silly he was suggesting silly things to do for world book day he was saying he could
1712. to check with mr if you are to leave your bike at school yeah i'll take cos otherwise it's gonna be a right pain to remember that every thursday evening to bring it into school can i ride my bike with you? with me? yeah like riding my bike slowly erm go on the way yes but not tomorrow not tomorrow but yes you can start if starts riding her bike properly
1717. in place the nhs is nearly at breaking point the education system is well it in a bad state it's in a bad state cos there's primary schools where look at's primary school something like sixty percent of the class english isn't their first language so although that poor forty percent who has to put up with the teacher trying to communicate with children who don't speak the language
1719. there i got a two two oh immense yeah and did too oh did she? did she? yeah but she works hard worked her ass off she like she must really hate me cos all throughout school i've always been so much but oh i'm not taking i have i said that i was going to invite all you guys anyway yeah probably's birthday yeah oh yeah are you coming?
1723. you believe in it or not? mm mm not really no? no do you have any friends? like is anybody at school a muslim? yeah who's who's a muslim at your school? ah forget his name but i can't remember his name actually but yeah eh his name will come back to me yeah but is he in your year? or your class? yeah he's
1724. okay i'm only asking it's just you've got to be kind of open to other people as well that's what i think so there are there any other people in your school with other religions? i guess so do you i mean do you know of any? not really any buddhists or anything else at all? no not really do you know anything about the jehovah
1725. ? not really any buddhists or anything else at all? no not really do you know anything about the jehovah's witnesses or? no do you get taught about other religions at your school or is it all about christianity? no we get taught about other things well what? what kind of things do you get taught then? eh islam buddhism hinduism christianity yeah all that stuff mm i'm
1726. hope but no it would be be shocking wouldn't it? it would be it'd just be impossible wouldn't it? what would happen if we did have what it would be the school systems like that the school system is not i think if they if they make the school system like nhs it would have been good but you know there's still in uk a lot of private schools from
1727. be be shocking wouldn't it? it would be it'd just be impossible wouldn't it? what would happen if we did have what it would be the school systems like that the school system is not i think if they if they make the school system like nhs it would have been good but you know there's still in uk a lot of private schools from the fifties onwards they '
1728. ' d just be impossible wouldn't it? what would happen if we did have what it would be the school systems like that the school system is not i think if they if they make the school system like nhs it would have been good but you know there's still in uk a lot of private schools from the fifties onwards they've given they still let a lot of private schools get away
1729. fifties onwards they've given they still let a lot of private schools get away with being quite elitist right and you still got and in the uk now you've got well and then the school i well the school i went to i maintain i didn't have a secondary education really? it was it was a church school that that my parents paid for i mean we didn't do we
1731. and in the uk now you've got well and then the school i well the school i went to i maintain i didn't have a secondary education really? it was it was a church school that that my parents paid for i mean we didn't do we didn't do anything and they paid for it? yeah yeah i mean cos i suppose my parents sort of thought oh we
1735. because he was a a tearaway yeah so he they sent him into a school in and and because because you know i suppose he was my older brother and i wanted to go to in the same school as he did so they sent me there but it was it was absolutely crap we didn't do anything like it was the kind of thing there were a few students who did who were kind of quite
1736. because it's yeah you pay for everything you pay for everything water right yeah like at the even if they now yeah yeah and so so you then have cos she said she went to a school once and the teacher was laying down at the front of the class yeah you know and these are kids in front of a class of kids and he was paid to go there and i suppose they'd
1737. ##s you pay a little bit you know well you can come and sit on a chair and you're not going to get taught anything so my my cousin's daughter in kenya goes to a school where some of the kids don't have enough to eat in the morning yeah so my aunt from australia who's going to kenya to do some charity work like has organised a kitchen so they can
1738. going to kenya to do some charity work like has organised a kitchen so they can come and have breakfast and lunch hmm and was helping her do that and i was shocked and thought hmm? even the school that my cousin's daughter is going some kids are really quite poor you know she was saying we need to go and do some voluntary work hmm because um to provide breakfast and lunch for these kids hmm
1744. really fun isn't it? she enjoyed it yeah she said to me she actually said to me she goes firstly this was amazing she goes to me right we're doing an african day in school and oh yeah oh god erm and i'm just thinking about like things to do have you got any ideas? and i was like do you do know i'm j half jamaican don '
1745. uh my hands like what's happening? and he was like oh you've got contact dermatitis you've must've touched something and th i'd just been to like school or whatever i hadn't done anything and i was like well i don't think i have so he gave me this cream to rub in and then it went away so it was really freaky
1746. with this carry on it's er no it's hard to get your head round what they're s all about and did they find out who was shooting at the erm special needs school in california? yeah that's that's been s she's been er sympathetic to the isis oh right she put it onto her ffacebook but why shoot and they've left they
1747. think you've got to you've got to be aware of sort of a likely hotspots haven't you? when you're taking children well what? like er a disability school? mm no well well no no mm could happen anywhere that's that's not exactly but surely that's not exactly a hotspot i mean i cannot understand that at all well that
1748. on er they just don't have any er i mean there's nobody nobody singularly s er nobody particularly singled out they don't matter whether kids well why did they pick on that school? because he'd worked there? or? what was it in the end? they're not bothered who they pick on that's what i'm saying yes i know but i '
1749. end? they're not bothered who they pick on that's what i'm saying yes i know but i'm saying did they spec did they simply just randomly s pick on that school? well yeah they would know the layout and they thought they could do a bit of mayhem there because they knew their way around didn't they? or was one of them wor? had one
1750. ' s okay if that's adopted that's sort of to to so that you know you're aware of all other ssort of religions but mm but on the other hand you know school you're limited time for you've got a limited time in school for for teaching kids i don't think too much of it wants to be wasted on teaching religion but you see you start
1751. so that you know you're aware of all other ssort of religions but mm but on the other hand you know school you're limited time for you've got a limited time in school for for teaching kids i don't think too much of it wants to be wasted on teaching religion but you see you start going to well yeah you start going to yes but there's so many
1764. town but it is an area where they want to be because it's nearer to's work and it's ggood schools it's got very good schools the j very good junior school so extra time for them to be and a very good senior school as well so as long as that that doesn't change you know they're in a really good position for er the children but
1765. ' s nearer to's work and it's ggood schools it's got very good schools the j very good junior school so extra time for them to be and a very good senior school as well so as long as that that doesn't change you know they're in a really good position for er the children but it's right away from the road it is lovely mm that
1774. ' s yeah no he used to play football i'm trying to get him back into it he used to be a goalkeeper yeah so he used to go up town he used to go round the school and he used the gym and that mm and he's got thighs on him like that yeah but he will he he keeps saying yeah my thighs are fat i said it's probably to do with
1776. yeah all of em yeah and i just sit and look at him go how do you know all that? yeah brilliant that's it and you'd think you want to channel that into the school don't you? you know? yeah yeah it's like yeah yeah just just imagine english is football that's what that's the thing or just imagine the subject is football i could
1779. the idea of if you're excluded a few times and what happens and where you have to go and what do you do mm you'll be going well we need to get you a different school now and are they gonna take you? they don't no that's the thing no and then what do you do? he know he knows that yeah so yeah you're stuck then ain
1781. well you you know if you're not at if you're not at home then if you're not at school and you're not at home then if you're not at school and you're at home you come with me yeah bring him here for a day cleaning get him cleaning seriously t come through do do a deep clean right through say right you have to come and if
1787. of your books? dennis the menace dennis the menace? oh that's an english thing yeah but dennis the menace he said mud pie with real mud oh okay i think they might have an elementary school oh okay mm it's a big one yeah er and it does have lockers if that's kind of american that is american i always thought that dennis the menace was english is this a cartoon
1792. the bottom of in yeah and my family all went to right and then i had an aunt and uncle who lived just a bit up the road on that estate and my dad went to erm the school that was in the middle of that estate i think i can't remember what it was right it wouldn't be would it? does that that would be er ring a bell? yeah yeah that
1793. ? does that that would be er ring a bell? yeah yeah that's it it could have been yeah that's it so after primary what did you do? i went to the grammar school which one? did you? aye i was respect i was the first kid from who had ever gone to because had been built twenty years and there were a hundred and twenty in the year and six of
1795. it was his ninetieth birthday and he was busy telling us that mum had passed and she had been seventeenth out of the whole of and of course she was the only one who passed from that school wow because she was living at the time do you do you know through the wicker arches yeah there's actually an island now and it is called well there used to be a farriers there
1800. that house is up for sale at the moment mm a massive place it's up for sale the house oh right yeah but erm yeah i spent many an hour at playing football an for the school and an cricket that's right when i go home that's my friend lives there near just where the playing field was and i walk by the river there yeah with the dog yeah oh right yeah
1801. playing field was and i walk by the river there yeah with the dog yeah oh right yeah because i there was a guard who used for me in his er daughter lives on now oh yeah next to school oh really yeah he's a a cardio surgeon at oh oh right ah yeah small world innit? yeah but yeah i spend many hours at on the tram up from er up to and mm
1802. like chelsea yeah yeah because we were under curfews it was the erm nineteen seventy - five six elections and it was er curfews at certain times in the day and my school was in the middle of the so that was an experience mm and we used to i lived behind burglar bars for two years there were burglar bars on the school and we were locked in
1803. the day and my school was in the middle of the so that was an experience mm and we used to i lived behind burglar bars for two years there were burglar bars on the school and we were locked in and let out you know it was er er yeah it was fascinating and i remember sitting in the staff room with this lovely chap called mr he was a really really nice cha
1804. on that arm and she sat on that and he picked us up and it's amazing the photograph but yes it was an experience and the second year i was there i taught at erm the school the school for girls that was its title yeah and that was a different experience altogether yeah so why did you then decide to come back? well my contract ran out and i got what i call islandit
1805. arm and she sat on that and he picked us up and it's amazing the photograph but yes it was an experience and the second year i was there i taught at erm the school the school for girls that was its title yeah and that was a different experience altogether yeah so why did you then decide to come back? well my contract ran out and i got what i call islanditus i
1806. then? yeah when and where? back to did you? yeah i went to live erm my my dad had got a residential teaching erm headship and erm where was that? special school oh right back up yeah i know it behind yeah i know it near yeah very near yeah and erm so they left their house so i stayed in the house while they had a flat because it was
1808. head so i was there for a term it was and then the teacher came it was somebody who was just off sick so i was a term there and then i went for a term at another middle school and then i went in to a term at comprehensive near the somewhere and that was my year and then i got a job i got a job north of in right and that was erm obviously with all
1812. mum left school at thirteen because it was the law and at said they were going to try and make classes in people's houses and it never seemed to get off the ground but they closed the school for a few months and then she got herself a job and at fourteen she she was working by then mm and so she never went back mm which is a shame but yeah me going to was a real
1821. s right well i mean my husband and also our for both of them to admit that that's what they did well i was very lucky with my two kids because they they went to a comprehensive school the other side of in but there was a headmaster there who was a real driver who understood this sort of thing that you've just been talking about now yeah yeah er and they were really pushed by
1824. said youyou've got a real bright cookie here and she'll she'll go far mm and it was a toss - up whether she went to vet school or whether she went to school of music mm because she does piano and violin mm and everything and he said you've got a real gem here but you've got to push her along so we did mm so you've
1825. find satisfaction and possibly not in the right way yeah that's right i mean you meet a lot of bright in prison don't you? mm oh aye yeah so yeah give me a grammar school every time i know because look what it's done to me yeah exactly and what it did for my parents mm and you know if i had gone let's say i had gone to a com
1828. isn't it when i they've wrecked it yeah when i was there yeah it was number six in the country after eton yeah harrow winchester yeah it's fantastic and manchester grammar a fantastic school oh yeah oh my dad went to grammar in the war did he? because my nan when when the erm blitz started or whatever yeah or when the war started my nan decided to and she had relatives
1829. and she had relatives or at least a friend over in and she him got into grammar for a couple of years before he had to join up mm which was quite good but no is a most fantastic school yeah it was number six in the country but when i when i were there when i lived on my road because we had a little i was on a row of semis next to where i grew up
1837. it was john prescott mentioned some some percentage about you know the the private schools produces a a very high percentage of uh mm you know so it's more about pr it's more about the school than the university by the time you're at university you know you you've you've been you've sort of grown up and you've had your upbringing but uh yeah but at
1839. people to be yeah uh elitism because before you've gone to private school you may well not have shown that level of uh skill but i think the problem is in the sch in the school system though isn't it like why people wanna send their kids to private school why the normal schools aren't good enough or do you think that that people would always just send them to private school
1840. you may well not have shown that level of uh skill but i think the problem is in the sch in the school system though isn't it like why people wanna send their kids to private school why the normal schools aren't good enough or do you think that that people would always just send them to private school even if the schools were really good? uh some people do u would use a
1842. normal schools aren't good enough or do you think that that people would always just send them to private school even if the schools were really good? uh some people do u would use a state school if it's a good one yeah yeah um the the problem is uh there's a fear of um the children mixing w mixing with the wrong ones so they they wouldn't wanna send them
1843. re from a if you're from a successful family yeah then uh you you you want your child children to be um successful so um that that would mean you'd wanna go to a successful school where the majority of them you have to pay full but but um but but not all i mean that's i think that is one of the big uh issues but u yeah cos on the debate
1844. point at that age eleven entry point or whatever yeah but if you're saying that that doesn't matter uh we'll we'll we'll just forget we'll forget the school bit we'll just go from the age sixteen or age eighteen entry point and then and then say so we could improve all the schools as well yeah i dunno because i just think like i dunn
1845. think that sometimes it's just in you like if if you're the sort of person who wants to do something then you'll do it like i don't know how much the school counts surely not everyone who goes to a public school comes out with a good job surely not everyone who goes to a public school ends up doing something good i'm sure loads of them end up doing
1850. that's more aft that's more afternoon isn't it that? they're timeless those though i st i still quite like them yeah it's more like you're off school on the sofa with a duvet yeah yeah actually i think i have memories of specifically doing that me too and going for gold did you watch going for gold? yeah that with uh yeah with with you
1851. rancid or something exactly exactly when you find someone who likes the same music it's great when you're when you're a bit older but when you're that sort of school age you just think ah they're my band like i like them you're not allowed to like them is that something sort of about adolescence or is that just childishness or what? dunno
1853. alcohol for an eight hour journey on a plane god i hate flying but can you imagine like here's a possible scenario is that they pick us up from the airport and take us straight to the school that's a possible scenario ah no surely not and do you remember how wrecked we were? not wrecked we were just really tired when we did that flight from thailand to korea korea yeah and we didn
1854. ve only got wednesday before the weekend anyway ah right so i i reckon they'll be alright actually so wednesday they might just let us settle in yeah yeah erm hopefully and or pop into the school have a look around yeah i hope they don't expect us to start teaching on like the first day erm i i don't think so i i think if they've got the classes
1855. wearing and i was only wearing it because i didn't have anything else you know yeah say like our baggages didn't arrive or something i don't know and you turn up at school that's an immediate impression immediate yeah impression on you no matter what the circumstances so what turning up in hot pants and smelling of gin? well and drinking on the plane yeah and getting duty free bottles
1856. us all year right so there's a couple of things we need to write to him about one is i'm really sorry but we don't want to stay in single accommodation at the school with the students yeah no sharing toilets with them no that's just sounds like a a summer school not when we first get there god no that sounds like a summer school to me and that sounds like
1861. i think if the pub could get going and have people coming from outside yeah yeah mm it would make a lot of difference to the village yes it's true just like they've lost the school we can't do anything about that but we can do something about the pub yes so i said if dad and i went there just once a month and we all did that then that could make a
1862. offer though and it looked expensive for what we'd get do you know what? mm i was on the bus you weren't i was going through do you know the do you know the school? probably don't actually you might know the school but there's a a really posh private school yeah yeah yeah em and on the the ro eh road where road meets road yeah em there
1863. get do you know what? mm i was on the bus you weren't i was going through do you know the do you know the school? probably don't actually you might know the school but there's a a really posh private school yeah yeah yeah em and on the the ro eh road where road meets road yeah em there's a whacking great banner that for first
1864. bus you weren't i was going through do you know the do you know the school? probably don't actually you might know the school but there's a a really posh private school yeah yeah yeah em and on the the ro eh road where road meets road yeah em there's a whacking great banner that for first of april eh april fools day so i don't
1865. going to do with it em but they've got a wedding fair on ah right okay oh april fool's day there we go and i'm assuming it's in in the private school right or on the grounds or somewhere in there somewhere round there but eh but yeah i was quite cos we were talking about going to the one in february didn't we but we never went mm
1869. ##m i hope it's going to be yes cos all all my friends and stuff say it's yes say yes do they? yes didn't you say that some people in your school wanted a no? well yeah but they they seem like the unmature ones and they haven't really they're not very smart do you think they're a bit homophobic? i
1873. them your friends? no not really so what like some of the people in your class? do they really get on your nerves? yeah who really gets on your nerves? one guy he left the school but he did get on my own nerves cos he was just so he always used to lie and he was just anything that all the cool people used to say he used to copy and try and be
1874. could cut the other bit flat you know refold it down the middle and mm cut out the one the other way by erm moving it up or moving it down slightly cos i remember at school when we used to get s erm told well we used to have to follow a pattern like the pyjamas we made stripy pyjamas i think i did get the material from
1875. we used to get s erm told well we used to have to follow a pattern like the pyjamas we made stripy pyjamas i think i did get the material from school in that case but for example with similar things like that mm the pattern a proper shop - bought pattern would say you need two yards yes erm mum would say you don't need t we we
1881. and it was a b c and d yeah and the d fool seems like they could never read or write or anything so you can't have had many cos you said it was a small school you can't have had many not for senior school for senior school it was more how many do you think were in a class we had thirty in a class oh sometimes sometimes twenty - six but mostly
1882. d fool seems like they could never read or write or anything so you can't have had many cos you said it was a small school you can't have had many not for senior school for senior school it was more how many do you think were in a class we had thirty in a class oh sometimes sometimes twenty - six but mostly thirty and when i was in my last year we had
1883. like they could never read or write or anything so you can't have had many cos you said it was a small school you can't have had many not for senior school for senior school it was more how many do you think were in a class we had thirty in a class oh sometimes sometimes twenty - six but mostly thirty and when i was in my last year we had eight in my
1886. it would get me it would come back but she said i really genuinely believed that i would maybe have ten fifteen years before yeah now she says you know i w i won't even get the school doubt if i may might not mm how awful and then she was doing all this you will be there for after won't you? i thought oh mm god just awful i'm so sorry oh
1889. and chip supper and i thought oh think that's the thing you told me was involved in yeah but that's finished now so yeah that one's done and it's just the school show but i should go and see him see the school one mm cos i think les mis'll be good yeah and the school version is good as well so i think it will be mm '
1890. the thing you told me was involved in yeah but that's finished now so yeah that one's done and it's just the school show but i should go and see him see the school one mm cos i think les mis'll be good yeah and the school version is good as well so i think it will be mm's so i'm down with to see that directing
1891. yeah that one's done and it's just the school show but i should go and see him see the school one mm cos i think les mis'll be good yeah and the school version is good as well so i think it will be mm's so i'm down with to see that directing it so yeah we must go and see that erm and then i'm
1899. just was struggling to get the right amount of numbers and i'll let you know the dates when it's starting because i said to what are you gonna do for forty - five minutes after school now? i said no point coming home cos as soon as you walk through the door we'd have to turn round and go back and he said oh there's a couple of others doing
1906. me to send it to you when i find it? can you email it to me? i've got my emails attached to my phone now i can email it to you erm because the school emailed it to me and it was just i'll just forward what they sent to me and it's just a link i and you have to fill out their form i'm at school
1907. emailed it to me and it was just i'll just forward what they sent to me and it's just a link i and you have to fill out their form i'm at school where it will be it is on and yes i'm doing it but i think that will mean i have to pay obviously that was yeah that's fine perhaps he was just worrying thinking thinking oh
1909. much i was only o i took a bit pay cut in my last job so you know i was working at the uni? yeah i went down i was on when i was at the public school i'd been there for a while so my pay was up at like two point seven million yeah which is about eighteen thousand pounds mm i took a pay cut down to two point two million and i
1910. a normal teacher so like i always made sure that i dressed as smart as i could yeah so like that helped with my respect and all that kind of stuff mm and obviously i was in a public school for three years yeah so it's a public school so there's obviously gonna be some bad stu i had a brick thrown through my classroom window once did you really? yeah they're they
1911. dressed as smart as i could yeah so like that helped with my respect and all that kind of stuff mm and obviously i was in a public school for three years yeah so it's a public school so there's obviously gonna be some bad stu i had a brick thrown through my classroom window once did you really? yeah they're they're quite unruly they're not as
1912. as well - behaved as you think they would really? because i think i've told you before they all go to like private schools and stuff yeah so basically the students consider that private that public school isn't really worth your time you know you learn the real stuff in private school like after hours public school is just day care we're just looking after the children so they oh what so they
1913. told you before they all go to like private schools and stuff yeah so basically the students consider that private that public school isn't really worth your time you know you learn the real stuff in private school like after hours public school is just day care we're just looking after the children so they oh what so they all go to private or after the school? it sucks mate the average high school student
1915. know you learn the real stuff in private school like after hours public school is just day care we're just looking after the children so they oh what so they all go to private or after the school? it sucks mate the average high school student goes to school at seven o'clock finishes at six o'clock has a one - hour break and then goes to a private school until midnight or one
1918. or after the school? it sucks mate the average high school student goes to school at seven o'clock finishes at six o'clock has a one - hour break and then goes to a private school until midnight or one o'clock and then does homework and they go to s does homework goes to sleep does the same thing every day they study for you know fourteen hours a day or something there '
1919. it? it is too much that is too much like there's only so much your brain can absorb no absolutely you know there's a there's a limit and then they come to school and they fall asleep i mean it's did i tell you about the time do they actually do that? no yeah did i tell you the time i had my first ever time i invigil
1920. ' s did i tell you about the time do they actually do that? no yeah did i tell you the time i had my first ever time i invigilated exams was in my high school and we were doing the english exam and i was put with the head of english mm naturally he couldn't speak any english yeah but that's see he's the head of english and can
1922. paper more intelligent and you know speaks numerous languages and done these kind of things with regard to social interaction with people in their school or whatever i mean i met a girl that in my in my upper school that was erm a compulsive liar basically yeah cos she'd been travelling so much and she'd been around so much people couldn't call bull call her bullshit yeah which
1923. quite a good teacher by the time i'm a professor yeah rather than just being a professor that doesn't know how to teach you know what i mean? yeah some people they go from school to masters to phd without ever getting any work experience mm yeah and then they teach yeah and they teach in a uni i know someone who's erm a professor he's only thir
1927. coming down right yeah she had a bit of time yeah erm and so it but it was weird cos it was almost like it was advertising itself you know? yeah so then one of the school nurses saw this and she put she tagged me and then she tagged all these other ladies at work saying help someone get text you know? and then said i'm on it and and then she texted
1928. doing? i'm fine how are you? i'm good how was your week? it was good what did you do today? erm dunno had a erm i came to school on time i this is the first time i've been to an assembly in it feels like months probably just weeks though are you serious? wow yeah i mean i give a lot of assemblies but i
1929. finally did a different assembly i was so shocked oh really? oh right no that's because we always go the baptist church and see the no the thing is like he's been at our school more than once and done that same assembly more than once what? the the the zacharias? zacharias zacharias? yeah erm he did exam attack which is different i remember that
1931. brought screwdrivers in just to fuck with it why? cos i don't know why is it funny to take the doors down? cos like they they don't like the school and they wanna vandalise it but erm there are smarter things you can do probably i know i know just but it's just vandalism yeah like so yeah and i think our year
1932. yeah it's literally the same like interviews the er pen portrait letter but they're changing it now there are literature prefects now oh really? with the sole purpose of encouraging literacy in the school but er erm because like miss why? pushed for it it's like nnot miss one of the english teachers pushed for it but why would you have that? the thing is like something like
1933. where's er? oh there she is talking about that ah squad cast oh my gosh do is that? yeah's other half it's taken me like how many years in this school to know her name when when i saw i was like oh saw today as then she just came out he was like oh wow how did she do? but i don't think and any are they
1934. say that there aren't marketing jobs or language jobs out there you know particularly over the summer if you think ah i'll just get a job for the summer you know teaching in a language school or something like that i don't see why that would be a problem and then you need to find something from september so just something that's a bit interesting i mean said was working with her
1939. ##ise him i think you shou i think you should take away all those stickers alright then teacher's pet got an apple for as well i polished it on my er on my on my school uniform trousers it's very shiny so erm what this model suggests is that there is a microsystem mm and inside the microsystem are your immediate family mm fam so like
1940. it? sorry no carry on oh so in this one it's more like the relationships between like the teacher and the parents and how that can influence the child so there's things like the school and the neighbourhood no that's not there so the teacher their relationship with the parent influential are not all relationships to a degree erm bidirectional? interesting you say that in what way?
1941. mm like really makes what do you think that happens in that? well i actually looked up some research they they have like it's so different to a child who's going to a day school because you're so you've got one socialisation setting so yeah your teachers are all here like your peers are very much here especially in a small school yeah so erm it's just
1942. who's going to a day school because you're so you've got one socialisation setting so yeah your teachers are all here like your peers are very much here especially in a small school yeah so erm it's just different but they actually i was expecting all the research to be like they're messed up people like they i dunno quarrel all the time with their parents but
1944. such big families that they can all be around each other's ages and stuff so it doesn't matter does it? yeah no i just i just dreaded the thought of going up the school of being asked if i was his nan oh god no never you look far too young do you know what i mean? well it hasn't happened so far my mum didn't my mum asked
1949. and he's at now? yeah and what's he doing? at the same college so at the same college? yeah right does that give you a bond erm being in the same school? yeah but it's funny it's sort of just like erm sort of started off together and then finished together that's interesting what does he want to do? i don't
1950. why a really special kind of silver is it? so i did you bring some back? no erm so it so you can go there and sort of oone friend she sort of started a school tto teach people how to make jewellery there's some art schools there erm which is i expe i think that must be a sort of there's nobody in er it's like
1952. newspapers and looking at words and i get very annoyed by how good his german is but then he was there for thirty years so you you expect that yeah and you never did any french? not in school nobody does any french anymore yeah i dunno i mean i did when i was with the other sshe knew french so i i spoke french with her a bit and learnt a bit but mm like in
1954. you kind of work? is it? no no i only work monday and tuesdays friday oh okay but this is the this is the holidays yeah yeah right so erm and cos everyone at school was saying ah you'll have a great rest now i said actually no not really i'm actually more busy or busier more erm than oh yeah erm but and i said delightfully
1955. down sit down sit down erm yeah it's fantastic actually cos i can bring who's got to his favour of it he loves it and's been coming like this month off school that he's had is brilliant cos you know lots of his friends were kind of busy or held up and he was getting quite bored are there is there what is there to do in or or
1956. their parents are lovely but they hang around with the mean kids whose actual paren their parents are lovely as well but they are not not nice kids oone of them's been expelled from ki school even and they don't do that lightly in i can tell you god knows what that was about mm he was in erm's class erm and there's a couple of others like
1957. s very kind of very amenable kind of man er and h right and has done her her work placement there for two weeks a year or so ago cos you have to do that at school what in? do you mean erm in wwwhat? in his company? he works i think he works in i think it's property but i'm not totally sure could be something else
1959. s anoth there's an irish one but they're some of those groups er p sounds pretty closed some of the more local yeah even though he moved up with local boys from the primary school they've they've not remained his friends no right and funnily enough for somebody as sociable as and as open he hasn't made as many friends as you'd think and
1960. that's right er er eexactly no er i mean i used to erm erm er actually there was a time becau er when i was the oldest boy in the school but i still looked er years younger and erm i erm really? and er they used to the the headmaster used to call out and say w er once every term they'd say the following
1961. er years younger and erm i erm really? and er they used to the the headmaster used to call out and say w er once every term they'd say the following have been made school prefects oh right yes and erm er becau yes because i'm and they do it in alphabetical order yes yeah i know immediately yeah that i'm not er and i ne
1962. ##m er becau yes because i'm and they do it in alphabetical order yes yeah i know immediately yeah that i'm not er and i ne oh i was never made a school prefect oh no and erm er and and it was erm thithis sort of this sort of humiliation cos he looked so young lacked the gravitas that's right that's
1963. like seven hundred and fifty or four hundred and fifty i can't remember seven hundred and fifty i think right and they said that was rich nno no by by by uzbek standards the the school people told them that was rich er by uzuzbekistan uzuzbek if they want to live in uzbekistan for the rest of their lives yeah erm and er yeah and they did seriously think about
1964. fifty - five some of these schools i know they like them to sort of go around and do their social events with them and you know oh right basically have your whole life is just dedicated to that school mm but anyway they were they were cos er i think they would've liked spain oh yeah yeah but she but that was just that was out spain was out yeah they actually speak quite good german
1966. and sort out this business about pensions so that's what i was just trying to phone her about but er so afterwards so after we finished chatting er i went to to find out where this language school is so i i knew where it would be for my appointment at half past three yes and it was i i went through the arcade and when you get the outside the other arc er the the other end
1967. half past three yes and it was i i went through the arcade and when you get the outside the other arc er the the other end of the arcade right in front of me this huge poster language school and i thought okay right so then i came back here and got changed and went down there er for an interview a very friendly dos yes erm lovely lady and er she's only been doing the
1968. been doing the job for a few weeks yes and cos i've done that job twice you know before director of studies and er she was er she was the one it is quite a small school but erm er she was all they do ielts preparation down there and of course that's my speciality you know and er she said well now i've got the dos's job
1969. i think that's a marvellous thing to do so i'll i'll do that and today when i was walking er on my way to meet er i saw there's another school just up the road here called er i don't remember oh yeah erm so i'll pop in there since it's so close and er i've got lots of er cvs
1970. i was talking about this article and i said you know like i've got this friend who's doing like babysitting stuff and she babysits these kids who go to a private school and they're in yea and they're in year two and they had a end of term like fun day like dress up day but you had to dress up as the job you wanted to
1971. like putting i guess you did put yourself on youtube yeah but what was that stuff you had on youtube? i had so much shit on youtube yeah but i remember like i so showing that teacher in school mr oh shit i remember that and i was like have you seen it? he's like yeah it's disgusting he said that? he's a fucking i know i was like what '
1974. just like thinking just like start practising drawing yeah i don't think i could do that shit i don't know quite cool i think it would fun to go to do like art school thing afterwards but yeah i think yeah it is a lot about like technical i don't know but i remember doing i'm like i can school in like a bit of painting and stuff yeah yeah
1975. it would fun to go to do like art school thing afterwards but yeah i think yeah it is a lot about like technical i don't know but i remember doing i'm like i can school in like a bit of painting and stuff yeah yeah i remember that baby you made i still have that really? it's facing the wall in my bedroom lol what happened did you win like a
1976. also i don't know where i would do it like i think you could do it if you have studied it before but yeah even like i don't know there's this cool like school of philosophy called the kyoto school in japan? it's like it's like merging like old buddhist stuff with like modern philosophy it's like during the eighties or nineties or something what are
1977. where i would do it like i think you could do it if you have studied it before but yeah even like i don't know there's this cool like school of philosophy called the kyoto school in japan? it's like it's like merging like old buddhist stuff with like modern philosophy it's like during the eighties or nineties or something what are you thinking? what? like
1979. ' t know probably unless i do a master's in on hegel or something yeah i didn't know how much i almost like i remember like last year i almost applied for this summer school cos i thought it was in but it was it was in a different one in germany with a really similar name like in the middle of nowhere oh my god that probably would have been way better for
1980. this book in like east london stereotypes or something do you know what i'm talking about? yeah i've seen it it's so and then there's one like american grad school student and it was like she's done fifty internships and she'll stab you in the back for the fourth assistant curatorship or i don't know something like that i don't
1982. ' re going it's not actually that it's quite soon wait thirteenth of april for how long? for like nine days or something ah going to be late for school again wait you have school still then? yeah we're meant to go back for stuff like lectures and stuff how the hell? like i have nothing now yeah it's a rip - off man yeah that's like
1989. d already had all of that other education mm hm about periods and sex from two schools and from my cousin but gees no it was different for me i went for i went to a catholic primary school where they didn't talk about anything and then i went to a school for girls i mean that's surprisingly very surprisingly and i think very badly they didn't mention anything either wow er until
1990. two schools and from my cousin but gees no it was different for me i went for i went to a catholic primary school where they didn't talk about anything and then i went to a school for girls i mean that's surprisingly very surprisingly and i think very badly they didn't mention anything either wow er until biology lessons in like year ten when everyone had already had sex so it was
1997. that bad no no least i didn't think so at the time these no these were youngsters i probably would now these were you know school - age children oh right yeah yeah they were ch school - age children i was quite the reason i was said that to you was i was booked for the next speaker to speak there and i did a talk on erm er women's periodicals in the
2000. need to he had a trade anyway no no i know you've got to have the trade he's had to learn that yeah yeah yeah but he got it from he knew back here in school he'd always fancied her uh it wasn't reciprocated she was afraid it took a while he started working for family business uh it took a while before their relationship blossomed
2011. look and apparently i got like my third one opened it and like nnot look again and threw the book on the floor no i used to hate it cos they used to make me read like school books and they were so boring mm i got put on free reading in like year three? yeah cos i know in year three four and then i moved up to year four and i was put back
2014. him saying there shouldn't be a problem with the budget don't know what they've done and i got called out i got called i was having lunch with somebody at school and the school was and he called me over and went come here and we went on roller skates on to this roof where he said where he said there shouldn't be a problem with the budget there should be
2015. the kids get in the way and and know that's what i did with yeah well you didn't really let the kids get in the way you let that that get in the way but school was difficult at that point in time if you consider what what has happened in the last six years yeah well you've gone through hell and high water you have since since two thousand and five out of
2017. you know it's it's it hasn't been the easiest of no no it hasn't with everything that with everything that went on at at school i mean getting moved from one school to another which was good cos it was a promotion and everything else which was which was good and i enjoyed that time i learnt a lot yeah but then having to deal with that child protection issue with
2018. and i enjoyed that time i learnt a lot yeah but then having to deal with that child protection issue with that ex - deputy that wasn't that wasn't good having to deal with a school with special measures then when you think the things that are okay on the personal front you've literally got that is going okay and then you got and then and then sc you get somebody there you know
2019. ' t me well yeah it's done you good hasn't it? you know it it wasn't me that had the problem cos if i can if i can walk in a school where i like two members of staff know me three members of staff know me and a couple have heard about me in the sense from confidences and stuff like that and the kids have never heard of me
2020. be head then? you haven't heard anything from's i've not heard anything from i've not heard i'm going to make a phone call this week to a special school yeah do you reckon someone would put the kibosh on that sort of thing? oh yeah somebody would count it yeah somebody in county put the kibosh on it why? why because it all
2024. bigger and bigger and then she buys a you've got a great place to put so have i but that's not we used i used to read the magic key but that was more our school had the magic key? biff and chip? biff and chip chip and biff? yeah yeah and erm and yeah yeah chip and biff and chippy no? floppy can't
2025. and me and but the fact that and are going and the boys'll wanna go i c i can understand that yes so i said to her well you either skive a couple of days off school cos it'll only be a thursday and a friday and she was thinking about that wasn't she? yeah so you know cos we are just gonna go from so wednesday night yeah to
2028. thursday well i mean it wouldn't half day thursday that would ha you'd have to ask you know because i don't think she'd get erm the day off cos school are so strict a shshe might do if she shshe might do sh if she could switch and say can i do four days next week you know mm we'd have to ask her
2029. she could switch and say can i do four days next week you know mm we'd have to ask her that but they're they're gonna be quite strict aren't they the school times but that's a good price isn't it? yes mm and that's a good time because you know you ha so how long is the flight? three hours fifteen okay and then
2030. don't talk about it right now tuesday? no oh go just horrible day was it? what? in terms of customers or no no no just people got i felt like i was back at school really meeting with and and just felt she was a bit slated but anyway she's passed that now right we've moved on and we're not talking about it anymore she's moved on
2031. then it's gonna be awkward isn't it? yes it is very strange yeah for both sides yeah yeah especially in the uae where it's even more segregated at least in oman secondary school education was mix oh is it? so even though they didn't really talk to each like you must at least see they you were around them passively like have to like observe and see like okay
2032. the money just prepares them for mm interviews and being extroverted and all that kind of thing which or even just applying having the confidence to apply yeah exactly because can you remember being in a secondary school and someone saying to you you could be a doctor or a lawyer? no the schools no one ever said it to you really oh but i think it's maybe the expectations are so much lower yeah
2033. oh you need to do this said you need you need to be thinking about these careers yeah this is what you could be earning do you know what that means? yeah no nothing i i think the school's career was awful actually yeah it was ridiculous it was terrible and i've said that in front of dad cos i think it was really bad mm erm like my work experience i worked
2034. mm in itself isn't it? mm how do you approach a business? like the writing a formal letter or a formal email yeah erm yeah that kind of stuff but yeah the expectation of school is just like but that's the main thing you're gonna go and work at tesco basically er yeah the expectations were low and it was rare if you said you wanted to go to un
2036. mass famine yeah because the world can only support x many people yeah the that's called the malthus there was this guy called malthusian principle says that okay and then there's another school of thought and that's pretty old that's like hundreds of years old that guy's right er hundreds of years ago and then there's this other woman interestingly who came along you
2037. pay nine thousand oh this is interesting pounds for a season ticket for s hang on just er shh six thousand academic staff eighteen and a half thousand students what at? er ah used to be the school of school of art oh right interesting in eighteen fifty - eight eighteen fifty - eight? yeah nice so in nineteen it was a polytechnic in eighty - nine didn't achieve university status in ni till ninety
2038. thousand oh this is interesting pounds for a season ticket for s hang on just er shh six thousand academic staff eighteen and a half thousand students what at? er ah used to be the school of school of art oh right interesting in eighteen fifty - eight eighteen fifty - eight? yeah nice so in nineteen it was a polytechnic in eighty - nine didn't achieve university status in ni till ninety - two
2039. for two voucher type things and really wants to go and do the eden project yeah so we thought about maybe heading there over the summer but like it's probably like that's pretty old school if i know for forgot about that exactly but if you're going to like if you're going to the uk you kind of need to go like june like july or august september cos you
2043. ' ll go to i i yeah just thinking about it and like today i've gone from mine to's dad's work to pick some stuff up there to stop start to to the school to out of school to for an hour's break an hour's break in there t back in the car to the the session to here and then i'm gonna go oh it's
2047. much destructive work doing the the used to do the nativity and the older ones do a like a pantomime shame on her so they're going to well it's at a random school of no name well no it doesn't matter it doesn't matter no she's joking it's fine it's fine seriously it's fine oh it isn't no it
2048. they anonymise everything i wouldn't worry they'll have a they're having a field day with all's perspersonal details they won't worry about your old school mm well i just said erm and that's t erm no i'm not saying any more now it's fine it doesn't matter yeah but an anonymous person at an anonymous
2049. well i just said erm and that's t erm no i'm not saying any more now it's fine it doesn't matter yeah but an anonymous person at an anonymous school something's totally anonymous happened but hey mm are you doing this size? yeah i don't know whether to don't know whether to put the scissors back or cut my wrists it's
2051. and you've got pigs grunting behind you and won't go and live there then? i shouldn't think so why why would she take there? well well because this problem with school in i really mm we haven't got the right to go to school to to go to school there and yet she has down there? well yeah cos that's where she's born
2054. ##m what would there likely to be where she's gonna go then in? i've got no idea er it should be quite cheap though mm yeah should be well and where's the school compared with erm where they're well the school won't be as good because this is er fairly upmarket establishment that's mm private she goes private education and er mm lots of people
2055. gonna go then in? i've got no idea er it should be quite cheap though mm yeah should be well and where's the school compared with erm where they're well the school won't be as good because this is er fairly upmarket establishment that's mm private she goes private education and er mm lots of people got kids in there and mm? lots of people have
2056. how would he how did he start it then? well i i don't know the details but he started making a lot of money and one thing came to another and er eventually er created this school it's huge absolutely huge mm yeah but there's so many wealthy people over there its got to be the most billionaires in the world mm mm but it's like most places in the
2057. be the most billionaires in the world mm mm but it's like most places in the world the the gap between the rich and poor is ever widening mm of course yeah what erm this school fees how do that how do the school fees compare then to other school fees there? you know they is that i don't know about other private schools really er there's erm one i
2059. like most places in the world the the gap between the rich and poor is ever widening mm of course yeah what erm this school fees how do that how do the school fees compare then to other school fees there? you know they is that i don't know about other private schools really er there's erm one i think another one that the er the the head guy in universities his wife
2060. don't know about other private schools really er there's erm one i think another one that the er the the head guy in universities his wife worked in it's called the international school and i think their prices were er quite high as well so so five thousand is a erm maybe maybe even more expensive is it five is it how much theirs is five thousand a what? pounds a
2061. how much theirs is five thousand a what? pounds a year a year? mm that that compared with what i mean obviously you're talking about your flat is what you pay here but a private school here would be astronomical mm in comparison mm i mean erm i think you're talking something like twenty thousand a year now prices a year? yeah yeah wow private schools are just over the top really
2062. property in an area where there's good schools go up mm so and and that that this area is one of the best is not that we knew that or or that knew it but erm school has got a good rep it's a teaching school they teach other teachers there ah you know they all go to that school for mm you know tuition er or to lead the way share best practice and
2063. up mm so and and that that this area is one of the best is not that we knew that or or that knew it but erm school has got a good rep it's a teaching school they teach other teachers there ah you know they all go to that school for mm you know tuition er or to lead the way share best practice and you know help other teachers mm it's a very
2064. is not that we knew that or or that knew it but erm school has got a good rep it's a teaching school they teach other teachers there ah you know they all go to that school for mm you know tuition er or to lead the way share best practice and you know help other teachers mm it's a very good school but erm you know like when was at his private school
2065. other teachers there ah you know they all go to that school for mm you know tuition er or to lead the way share best practice and you know help other teachers mm it's a very good school but erm you know like when was at his private school that was about fifteen thousand set between twelve and fifteen thousand a year is that warranted? hm? spending that amount of money on his education
2066. for mm you know tuition er or to lead the way share best practice and you know help other teachers mm it's a very good school but erm you know like when was at his private school that was about fifteen thousand set between twelve and fifteen thousand a year is that warranted? hm? spending that amount of money on his education? seeing that he's gone into a a manual well
2067. ##xic oh was he? ah yeah oh yeah and so's is he? oh yes and is yeah really? mm yeah yeah but erm they had to fight to get him in that school fight to get him a place there oh yeah's dyslexic and and erm and is run through the mail side of i don't know where it i mean i would think
2070. because i don't think i'm getting those omega threes is it or whatever they are? yeah yeah i think my first year in korea i was getting more cos i was having school lunches but now i'm not mm so i'm like but erm i don't know if that has anything to do with it it the only way you're going to know
2071. and said with him you just can't win an election which i i i am i am kind of with on this i sort of think that he was given almost back to this is the way school should be taught it should be interesting but it should be numbers it shouldn't be all the airy - fairy every kid is kind of right you're making a contribution even if you're
2075. war one world war two we would basically have some kind of you know conversation about something or you know? any kind of war would be kind of useful we just didn't do war just girls school ancient war did ancient war war of the roses romantic war yeah well i i and love in terms of the tudors and you know the stuarts and oh my god the i the ins and outs of
2076. i remember being at and it being a smallish conversation thank you erm but i always used to wonder why parents don't get more interested in it is is cos we were a public school but you had to do you had to do the and mm board mm which everyone kind of knew was as in fact everyone sort of used to talk about well can't we do the aeael?
2081. ve seen them they're er they're so annoying they're sort of two little gordon ramseys or something no they're not even like that they're just so like public school and like oh the first one to make the most tasty chapatti wins what ho it's like don't you think it's really annoying? i think it's quite fake
2084. t know maybe it's because like you know when you were at school i don't know if they did this at your school did did you like have to erm like at my junior school you used to sit on a table with loads of other kids and like they you didn't go up like to a hatch and get your food or anything they kind of brought it out and then the
2085. er public not prison did you have packed? prison? oh maybe prison er in private schools isn't it do they not? i don't know well it definitely wasn't a private school erm there was time time on a school trip when i went to boarding school and for a week and i think the the serving was different erm but mm i think it was because there wasn '
2088. and i think the the serving was different erm but mm i think it was because there wasn't anywhere to g to go to get the dinner do you know what i mean? in primary school it just came out of the kitchen and then into the hall everyone ate in the hall did you have like a special dining room? oh right i just it's i've got quite vague memories
2089. and then er and erm also like but most people would have er or a packed lunch or some people had free er dinners as well erm yeah no but yeah yeah but erm i had school dinners for a long time anyway and then so it used to come out in these like metal tray like sort of dishes and if you were like the older kid you got to serve it but if you were
2090. never heard it since chatty chatty i wouldn't be like oh can i have some chatty like i would never say that i just i think it was just one of those stupid primary school that's er it's probably a north eastern words is it? i don't know i think it was just a stupid primary school thing like er school dinners are definitely like er i mean
2092. just one of those stupid primary school that's er it's probably a north eastern words is it? i don't know i think it was just a stupid primary school thing like er school dinners are definitely like er i mean the further back the further back i try to remember the worse the more disturbing it gets like and did you have lemon love pie? well in my infant school i think
2093. er school dinners are definitely like er i mean the further back the further back i try to remember the worse the more disturbing it gets like and did you have lemon love pie? well in my infant school i think i could remember having lemon love pie it would sort of smell of beetroot and mushy peas what the lemon love pie? no i don't know what that is but i
2095. as my fault cos i hit him well he should have been paying attention i would have hit him in the face soon as he got out the car it was it was a bsm one a school of motoring thing but it wasn't like a learner so he still can't be forgiven and it was rush hour so you've got to be in a rush yeah what what '
2097. and over mm i'll just bring my computer and i'll do my bits and bobs that bit of warrington is not yeah the all the classrooms are open oh cool is it in a school? it's in a school mm and erm the first hour is faffing and doing warm ups and all sorts well not quite the first hour but so it'll be nice if you
2098. bring my computer and i'll do my bits and bobs that bit of warrington is not yeah the all the classrooms are open oh cool is it in a school? it's in a school mm and erm the first hour is faffing and doing warm ups and all sorts well not quite the first hour but so it'll be nice if you were able to watch the second bit
2100. as the year went on quite a lot of them were late as well yeah so they missed the first quarter of an hour oh dear oh oh and so cos we'd changed the way our school worked which was a disaster as well disaster but we instead of having registration at half past eight you can sympathise with this and lessons starting at twenty to nine we had to share sixth form studies
2101. as well disaster but we instead of having registration at half past eight you can sympathise with this and lessons starting at twenty to nine we had to share sixth form studies with our another local school oh yeah i remember and they had to bus between them oh oh and so it helped if we started at half eight and did our registration at break time oh no and so registration was at break so no
2103. ##s then we really had to mm well we decided to clamp down but that was even before registration was at break erm but we they you had a fifteen - minute detention that day in the school hall at lunch so everybody started lunch at half twelve and you couldn't start till quarter to one mm punishing and cos our kids were pretty wily you were collected from your classroom are you
2104. done and dusted well we were only doing it cos we were getting away with it but my little that's right my little had an a detention every day for the last two years of school she was a one she just bit of a rebel yeah well there were kids who just had detention every day just accepted it so we still carried on with the detentions we weren't quite once it
2105. stolen which meant that i was there much longer than i would've been and it was very fortunate because one of my mate's dad was the director of the which which is mm the archaeology school so me and my girl at the time girl lived in a kind of studio at the oh did her passport get stolen as well? yeah hers yeah and they never showed up? well erm i it
2108. the minute we go out literally the minute we go out oh really? they don't oh oh well it's planned oh yes it was planned cos as soon as they came in from school because and were gonna be here cos had invited we were out with yes i know it was a lovely meal i've seen those two since actually and she said you had a nice time and he
2109. when he comes out isn't it? i think it must be and erm i'd had a i can't even remember what it was we'd had a text from the school about something that was going on was it a careers fair or something? anyway i said to them what's this text? i don't understand this text from the school and went oh i don
2110. a text from the school about something that was going on was it a careers fair or something? anyway i said to them what's this text? i don't understand this text from the school and went oh i don't know never heard of it and she went they talked to us about that in assembly this morning i said oh that sounds about right but i don't know she just
2112. just that it just you know just sounded weird coming from him yeah it's like that time you know i've told ages ago when he they were obviously doing about self - harming in school and he said oh i'm just going to have to start self - harming now mum li yeah yeah alright off he goes and kicks his football but you know they they obviously have to talk about
2116. ' s find it really boring no this is it you want them to have a little go at doing something they might possibly yeah enjoy don't you? i said you could always go over to school as a last resort to school? yeah over there oh really? oh as a last resort yeah yeah wouldn't fancy that erm well we'll see maybe he will go to one of '
2117. no this is it you want them to have a little go at doing something they might possibly yeah enjoy don't you? i said you could always go over to school as a last resort to school? yeah over there oh really? oh as a last resort yeah yeah wouldn't fancy that erm well we'll see maybe he will go to one of's holiday parks for a week
2122. it? yeah? where is it? what? the book? on there that's it there thorin only in twat did you get it from the library? think stole it from our school library brilliant get it's got get it get it i can't reach yes you can i only weigh about sixty kilos stole from the library which library book have you got? ee it '
2123. she she claims er i keep on saying she claims because at the time i was never sure that if she was actually saying the truth or saying something but she claimed she couldn't bear to see school children wrecking the french language so well it ccould've been better oh dear yeah anyway she she'd always erm claim that she'd never been brought up to do cooking and
2125. sorry how many weeks have you spent away at summer school now? or is it a week? was it yeah three three weeks three weeks three weeks? three weeks yes and whi whose whose summer school? who organised it? erm thth there were two sssummer schools one is called er alright at iit was a charterhouse uh er sstarted by erm ah in nineteen forty
2126. ' re sessions on the people who want to do all of those things yeah and as it happens e e those charterhouses decide they can make more money over the summer holidays er by letting up the school to erm er sports sports training for example oh aand so both summer schools had to move and they both er have moved to in dorset aha alright so these run consecutively right er and you
2127. or their circumstance has changed or something e e yes yes in fact last year conducting the chamber choir was er eer somebody who was doing it for the first first time and she's primarily a school teacher and and it was a little bit er it was very clear that she wasn't really at ease with the undergraduate situation so you know week three only half the choir turns up you know where are
2130. w not everyone mhm so that was their only common language that's good but it w it m all men together was just such hard work i can imagine like cos the sum the summer school and i was like thinking after the first week oh my goodness maybe would have been better if they'd had a a male teacher but no they were alright about that except for one guy who was a
2132. are you? how difficult it yeah mm just to see how difficult that it was mm yeah no i mea i love the sound of erm of saxophones but played the re the recorder at school oh there he is there he is yeah hi
2147. twitter they tweeted that you were at orchestra tonight like we've star me and have started who's who's twittering about? no i'm saying i always look on school school's music twitter oh to see you know like today to see if his music is year ten gcse music group has started erm we're gonna start another twitter page called u we
2149. they retweet that who's? i don't know you don't know who most people are cos that name rings a bell now don't ask me why alright school of music well done to everyone fantastic last night of goodnight mr tom brilliant cast and musicians very proud of you said very good sh well done cast and musicians and then they did a band selfie you know
2153. there haha this is a twenty speed limit and you're not quite making it okay okay so that was a little bit early for a signal there as in that pink car that is a driving school car cos it's got l plates on the side as well mm i'm sorry i can't be bothered pure efficiency dictates going at a little bit faster than the speed limit
2155. you did i tell you? have i told you already? i can't remember if it was you i was talking to erm that i have to get so many weeks work experience in a school before i can apply yeah yeah so i'm gonna use that year out to erm hang on erm they're messaging me about the whisky okay erm what was i saying? talking about
2156. at like i can pick to specifically do primary and early years and i liked that one cos i get to do the early years bit as well which is you know like the h the er before school like you know like two three four - year - olds yeah erm so i liked that cos i kinda the like the younger they are the more i prefer it like when i've done my
2157. in erm i've done work experience in reception year one year two and year five and i definitely preferred working with the little ones erm i'd rather work in a nursery than a school but nnursery workers get paid less which is why i've gotta do primary school cos yeah even though er teaching isn't exactly like gonna pay me that much anyway nursery work is
2163. it's absolutely not i mean if you take a look at the the yeah that looks perfect if you take a look at the confl the conflict within it the main conflict of the of high school musical is that troy bolton is too talented as the main as the main character it's not that he has a flaw mm it's that he just is too good at everything he's too
2164. that's what it is saying erm mm yeah it does have an interesting message erm at least on the idea of sticking it to the status quo or a s the americans mm in high school musical unfortunately stat refer to it as status quo which it's absolutely not and it's an infuriating sto song to listen to status quo man are they saying are they saying you sh
2166. which books did you have to read for your school exams? well the book we had to read the novel was great expectations by charles dickens we did the shakespeare play julius caesar and we did some poems a selection of poems quite a few of them were different
2169. could say oh potato mm and the b word mm or whatever it is when you're a teenager you will probably swear yes me not really but you will not be allowed to swear in your in school or if you get a like a saturday job you wouldn't be able to do that then i know or you'd get fired mm burning hot i wonder if would like to go the science museum
2170. another of those huts there yeah do you ever see anything of erm?? no no no from primary? yeah erm i see him on facebook sometimes why? did he go to a different school? yeah yeah he went to i connected with on ps4 for a while but yeah that was a while ago though wasn't it? yeah but i've not been on ps4 for a
2172. that like he just drives off and that's it mm well he's had an impact on young lives hasn't he? but you know the status quo had to be upheld at the school so they got rid of him what do you mean status quo? they didn't like anything different they wanted it always done the same way tika johnny bad name optika you muppet it '
2174. ##tock? oh go gor goltering golton blackstock black golton yeah er i've for forgot his name now he's son g forgotten his so his son goes to our school because it's part of the oh does he? oh academy he was a it's such a shame because that was one of their main yeah on the menu yeah because they're supposed to
2175. me know cos he he went to see cos he kept in touch with him i don't know why but he did cos he's writing a book on this boy all about school and and everything and er he phone me up and he said i went out to see m mr today and his wife said he just died so i had to come back home i've got a load
2176. ' t she? and we scared them yeah dad really did scare this one boy though he erm came on his moped and like he he lives in so he used to catch the bus like school bus with me and and like his name's like his name's but his surname is so everyone calls him and erm he was like he got off his moped and parked it like opposite
2178. has gotta come out of your mouth yeah see? well we wouldn't have known all about the halloween thing otherwise would we? no no all scary got cheers have you got any interesting boys at school? no no that's not good oh no we were talking about well er boys today weren't we? about or whatever oh yeah oh it's not boys is it it's like
2179. really met her yet properly oh was she in the class? she was for erm for until up until lunch oh she just stayed us until lunchtime? i think she might have been checking the school out and seeing if she wants to go oh do you think? yeah maybe was she in her school uniform? erm i don't know she kept her cardigan on and who did she sit
2181. s mum won last year she beat erm's mum and was really cross about it apparently and children can enter so you so what's the race? so it's similar to the school you know when you do the pancake toss at school? mm so i don't know if this is with the actual pancakes or with a beanbag or whatever but you have to run across the
2186. want it what do you want it for er because they might want to live in the country but they can't because of so you know until leaves school they pretty much have to live near the school they want to be in and it's not gonna be cos she has to grow up with friends so they well she could have new friends w but i think often they probably have to be in
2189. first day of i got a little bit fed up of that i think well i don't mind like the first day of primary school yeah and i don't mind the first day of big school but i don't want to know that your child's starting year five you showed me yeah six when they were starting year one yeah seven yeah i don't yeah like great they're
2196. ' s funny looking back at some of the old pictures and i was all like oh hello i'm all done up ready for school yeah well that was it it was good though cos the school made you have pride in your appearance and we insisted that you still kept that and did that as well so it slipped after the first few years though but that's fair enough that's exploring the
2201. think you know you do i think children just offset don't they yeah yeah they're not erm but they're there for the mothers yeah reminds me oh my daughter goes to a school with's daughter nicole kidman's daughter's just another girl yeah yeah yeah yeah no one bothered by no well it's isn't it? yeah and you often hear that actually
2203. people yeah you go if you're twenty yes yeah i would yeah and especially so if you give me some pocket money yes yeah but whether that's reality like but they've all been school s with each other yeah they've all been to their own boarding schools and things yes cos they talk about meeting but chelsea they live in the most amazing houses but i don't know what
2205. relevant? so i've just written i have six years of work experience er of working in retail full stop don't need to say where and where who gives a fuck? no s language school in spain's gonna yeah ring a shop and go oh tell me about her yeah so like summer school celta yeah about me if you've got space and could be arsed you could add
2206. stop don't need to say where and where who gives a fuck? no s language school in spain's gonna yeah ring a shop and go oh tell me about her yeah so like summer school celta yeah about me if you've got space and could be arsed you could add a sentence or two of transferable skills it's obvious though from six years in retail i developed great
2207. ' re now twenty - seven? yeah get a grip like you you know yeah move on move on but i'm putting it into two pages with quite hefty erm bits for each school including you know the textbooks that i used mm yep and i think the cv's an entirely different document for whatever job you're applying for mm so no two cvs of yours yeah look the
2208. suppose you have a basic template but then tweak it to the job you're applying for mm i don't think it it matters so much though in this industry a job in a school is the s the same yeah i don't think it will it changes mm really yeah between jobs between schools that you're applying for i don't know when i was looking there were a
2209. would you define your gender? yeah energetic personality essence i like that other yeah it's channelled through a woman though so uhu if that counts but i saw something online about erm a school er a high school that asked its students to say what gender they were as part of a study and there were twenty - three options mm wow but like no definitions for the options okay so unless you like
2210. gender? yeah energetic personality essence i like that other yeah it's channelled through a woman though so uhu if that counts but i saw something online about erm a school er a high school that asked its students to say what gender they were as part of a study and there were twenty - three options mm wow but like no definitions for the options okay so unless you like knew yeah the gender
2214. bless her and and went to help her but they couldn't actually lift her up but they tried ah who's? the little black lad that lives next door to us is he at our school? he's at yeah oh he's at? what year? same year as or no he's year below so he's year eight now and they've got and the sister
2216. he drives me insane he is so so lazy and that was all i asked him to do i do get cross i must admit with ironing cos yesterday morning he got up and he had no school shirts i said i thought you had loads but actually i washed and ironed four yesterday so he ended up going to school in luckily when brought his prom suit the shirt that he got for it was white
2219. might not be in the right place but he does somebody's put it down anyway oh that's oh gone gone let me just erm get my mobile not that it's gonna be school unless it's saying can i stay or something oh is there something on this afternoon? don't know can't see it being anybody else that's not a local number oh i think
2220. that yyou yes let me look in the mirror is this me? you were am i actually thinking oh my god er i'll be glad when they're gone you cried when they started school you couldn't believe how quick it was going oh god and now look at you i can't wait for them to looking forward to it peace and quiet oh god no i belie i tell
2227. s a shame yeah's got terrible acne has she? but but she can that's why wears she's nice foundation and that's why i allow her to with at the school oh yeah because it's oh definitely just like covering up her spots mm but she can be rea really flare up sometimes yeah no so she does but she she she was very nice but no was
2228. or dark or well was dark's fairer oh i thought yeah was no oh had long dark hair oh she was very pretty and did i tell you you know when we went to the the school concert in the cathedral before christmas? yeah the carol concert did i tell you was doing a solo? no she was what did she she was singing she's got a lovely voice yeah yeah mm co
2230. or something i know optician yeah fence maker uh was that what the the what they you you could've been a fence maker? na that was at i mean did you ever do that at school like one of those i can't remember what it was called you had to answer like loads of questions uh oh y um surveys it had a funny name? no i um i don't think
2231. is when i came that's when you moved into farm right well actually i m i moved to then yeah i got digs with erm i my my first job was at the county secondary school in and i was trying to find digs and the head teacher said go and have a chat to the erm the the school cook because she often puts people up so i had a chat to her
2232. with erm i my my first job was at the county secondary school in and i was trying to find digs and the head teacher said go and have a chat to the erm the the school cook because she often puts people up so i had a chat to her and she said yeah yeah yeah come and live with me which is in mm in house oh what was her name? mrs uhu
2236. strange old world so then you moved down to north we just thought it's this is rented we need to buy somewhere yeah and like you prices were ridiculous mm and someone on the staff at the school said i've just looked this cottage in north but he said it needs a lot of work doing on it and as soon as somebody says to me it needs a lot of work doing on it my
2237. better regime did you actually the one that took over did you actually do any business you know well not a lot because we were supposed to be based on the university we were going in the university dental school oh to do the thing you see but you couldn't get there but we couldn't get there so we did have lectures in the yeah in the in the hotel in the hotel yeah so were
2240. ##gook hopefully mm erm they you'll you'll be able to do it like imagi i think somebody if you were t like do you remember in primary school or like early high school and they're like right go away find out about something and then write an essay on it and then write about like what you found out? like literally just treat it as that like they tell you
2242. ' s never seen a cow? but like well to be fair now i have seen cows like you know obviously you do leave london occasionally go on holiday to places where there are cows whereas in my school it was like who the fuck's never seen a cow before? basically where would you go on holiday somewhere with cows? i dunno if erm wales there they have sheep and cows or like
2243. a really nice view what colour's our carpet then if hers is blue? purple purple oh god it is i hate our carpet i actually don't mind it cos it matches my high school but erm yeah no oh she's really lucky cos she's like on the top floor of one of the file things and she opened up the s i'd love to be higher
2246. bless him i think he's moving tomorrow and everything he's that kind of person bless him she's obviously just like you said being careful she's being careful she went to my school really? because i remember my first day at and he was like like she knows you i was like what? what's her name? erm she's two years older than me her name
2251. used to do in reception yeah i could like i'm sitting on the table oh that would be so lovely and nobody could be tell me what to do cos i'm not in the school any more yeah do you do realise that you have to start your day a lot earlier at the village college? yeah you have to be there at eight twenty which is when we are still having breakfast normally
2252. eight twenty which is when we are still having breakfast normally so you're gonna have to get up it's it's quite harsh they have a shorter lunch hour as well they fit the school day in in a very small bit of day but that's great cos then it means you've got loads of time at home and to do things like drum practice and stuff yeah so i
2253. got loads of time at home and to do things like drum practice and stuff yeah so i can just go i'm at home for a very long wait if it ends at lun if a school day ends at lunchtime it doesn't you said it did no i said it's got a shorter lunchtime i said it finishes at ten to three which is two fifty ten minutes to three
2256. it? and i think music yeah they do lots and lots of music i'm gonna and i'm probably gonna be in a band and then when it's a disco if at the school i'm gonna play there you could do that there's and all a book club a book reading club which run by yay a lovely lovely lady in the library she's absolutely just gorgeous
2258. t be like wait isn't it what how long till be in year seven? erm eleven turning twelve eleven turning twelve so you'll turn twelve so in so in four days of starting school term what they don't want you to say anything more but will i what imagining what you'll be like well you might be a very different teenager yes you don't be so silly why
2261. skipping through the park w as we you know came home again so that was another lovely little memory erm school days erm it was still the war when i went to school and started my primary school we had our own little classroom and playground separate from the erm larger children i suppose who'd moved on and been there a year and we had milk at break times and it was we had to
2262. drinking this cold milk which i was not very keen on at all erm from this churn erm is another memory i have erm later on i suppose erm i had a change of school because we had er a bomb drop at the end of our road and this is still doing when my father was in the forces and we were evacuated w my brother and myself with my mother erm up
2263. ##m probably a bit of nuisance to erm erm aunt and uncle and my mother because they were always up to games and tricks and erm what have you but i went to a little school i remember it was quite a hilly area and i went to the s taken to the local children you know where the children went to school in the young classes and one of the things we did erm
2265. stitches and getting into awful trouble because oh dear i'd lost a stitch again and bringing it home and erm mother and aunt sorting me out with the knitting and back i would go and the school had a long corridor where we had to leave our little coats and there were cubbyholes erm opposite your classroom where you hung your coats erm and put your wellington boots and things like that and
2266. which classroom i should go into and i think after about six months of coping with all this erm i said to my mum mummy can we please please go home again i don't like this school to which erm i'm going? so erm after a probably about another month six weeks we all trooped back again to erm to the home where erm grandmother still was and where
2269. ##py strawberry yoghurt on salad with cornflakes with cornflakes that was laughable when you first saw that in korea it was just like what? what is this? those times at school where you think you got your bloody fruit like they just get it backwards the fruit'd end up in mayonnaise and the mm salad would end up in some really strong fruit thing mm very strange
2270. it's hard to i mean mmy mum and your mum get really nervous and struggle when they go for a job interview or something mm can you imagine them being that first day of our first school in korea being put up on a podium and c er can you imagine them doing this shit? not particularly even finding how to get to the schools navigating the buses or the roads how did you
2271. now mm i imagine things are getting less so but like i don't know i just think you're more trustworthy as a female teacher erm and when i first went into the elementary school they told me was like you can't touch the children and like they'd've never said that to a girl yeah to have a principal be like yeah basically we don't like foreigners
2272. okay mm that's one thing do you not agree with me? it's a little bit easier for a girl i think it depends on i think other things erm in the rural public school i think the other i think there are other things that can make it harder to be a girl i was talking about rural public school i mean i agree maybe it's harder for you to take control
2273. it depends on i think other things erm in the rural public school i think the other i think there are other things that can make it harder to be a girl i was talking about rural public school i mean i agree maybe it's harder for you to take control of your class i think it depends i think it depends a lot on the schools and your co - teachers how that can be affected
2274. up and be introduced on the podium at sports day i don't remember talking no we both had to give a speech to all the parents and the children and the teachers mm again that can be school specific can be but there were four of us two it happened to guys my school had a talk scholar as did as did er's as did's yeah yeah talk scholars it was only mine that
2275. no we both had to give a speech to all the parents and the children and the teachers mm again that can be school specific can be but there were four of us two it happened to guys my school had a talk scholar as did as did er's as did's yeah yeah talk scholars it was only mine that didn't they basically made me do the work of the talk scholar didn '
2277. i did like a back flip on a bouncy castle i fell on my neck and like really hurt myself so i kind of just went shit right out loud and she took me away from the school fete seems a bit extreme doesn't it? i hurt myself erm you got away with it loads though i got grounded all the bloody time should tell you we weren't er even allowed
2278. erm i never did that well though i mean when you're running with like four hundred people i was pleased to come like fiftieth or something mm but i came second in my school in year eight or something i can't remember the last year of middle school it's always horrible running in england as well cos it's always like boggy and r mm coming out
2282. i'm not sure oh okay yeah erm i had to walk through a typhoon bolaven was the first one and it was like it hit mokpo pretty hard and i and my school was closed so i got the email saying the kids aren't coming in but erm you've got to come in and the teachers need to you know batten down the hatches and protect
2283. so i got the email saying the kids aren't coming in but erm you've got to come in and the teachers need to you know batten down the hatches and protect the school i was like this is joke i've only been here for three days and i'm looking outside and it had been crazy all night i could see where er erm a cross had fallen off
2284. here like everywhere mm and like loads of these church steeples cos there's loads of churches everywhere just like had fallen off and everything made me walk through this bloody thing i get to the school it's insane there's like no - one there and palm trees are like going crazy like outside the building and just like got to like mop up the floor or some crap i didn '
2285. ' s like a twenty minute walk to home so i that's ridiculous bit dangerous so i was already a bit annoyed about that and then the net week i had the first day of my new school on a thursday i didn't know exactly where the school was but it was fine i was going to tell a taxi and i knew enough korean to kind of get there but there was another typhoon typhoon
2286. ' s ridiculous bit dangerous so i was already a bit annoyed about that and then the net week i had the first day of my new school on a thursday i didn't know exactly where the school was but it was fine i was going to tell a taxi and i knew enough korean to kind of get there but there was another typhoon typhoon tembin hit the exact day of my new school and
2287. school was but it was fine i was going to tell a taxi and i knew enough korean to kind of get there but there was another typhoon typhoon tembin hit the exact day of my new school and i was all suited and booted and like couldn't get in a taxi be in korea there were taxis everywhere but when the weather's bad everyone wants a taxi and they call them and
2288. shoes and it's like going everywhere couldn't get one so i had to walk about half an hour and then i'm like asking round the people on the street how to get this school and i i just turned up and was completely drenched hopefully half expecting to like you know give me a change of clothes or do something no just go and sit in your office you've got a two
2289. that this afternoon and i sat in there just like it was pathetic fallacy with the rain the wind and everything and i've got to plan this stupid teachers'workshop was messaging me saying her school were telling her that they're going to be flooded in and she's going to have to sleep in the school and all this crap and was just like why am i here? why am i
2290. ' ve got to plan this stupid teachers'workshop was messaging me saying her school were telling her that they're going to be flooded in and she's going to have to sleep in the school and all this crap and was just like why am i here? why am i working again this is rubbish like i just i'd just been travelling for this is terrible i came very close to just
2291. that? i dunno we think it's like you know being anxious or something like that but don't know what's he got anxiety over? well i dunno erm about school or has he settled into school better now? cos when he first started going mum said he was that was a while ago now but yeah he got them then it was when when he first started at
2295. yeah it isn't actually i don't think i think there are better places to surf in australia but went erm my my ex erm exchangee partner he works in an outback school you go to townsville yeah oh yeah and then you just drive inland for about four hours and you get there oh well townsville's where our copper refinery was mm and it iis the end of the
2296. isa mm if you'd've wanted to go mount isa if you wanted to go to mount isa yeah yeah does it ring a bell? that's the town that he was at no school and it actually specialised in education it had about six boarding schools in the town and that's where most of the people were oh right was that you or your son? mm he's he he
2297. member of staff and he he had a accommodation that he was he was sharing with a german and a canadian girl i think he was the youngest there and and then all the kids it was a residential school so it was mm just amazing mm and he he tells the story of used to go on all these trips with them and u u you know you know you know people get eaten by crocodiles occasionally in
2298. know because no class system at all mm that's right brilliant yeah i spent a lot of time quite a lot of time in brisbane but on street yeah mm so were you teaching at the same school as wwas? no no no erm the the what what did you teach there? i was in primary oh right yeah was it very different from here? they were d it was before we had
2301. down bristol and nobody'd know what cos they're not friendly? yeah it was i tell you what that i have a great deal of trouble cos i at the l my last school before i came down here was the was in the socialist republic of south yorkshire in doncaster oh god and i came to i was working at and they were talking about coming in and painting the classrooms at the
2302. ##e at you yeah that's right yeah oh it was well knknknown a socialist republic weren't it south yorkshire? mm mm well imagine that staffroom it was a middle school it had as many men in it mm as women yeah and we were really really union orientated yeah that's right and very very huge huge socialist i remember somebody saying what what's the what
2304. if it was a question of money and we just missed you know? we missed a you're thinking you're thinking of early intervention yeah or maybe the importance of yeah couple of years off school and erm yeah but like if we tried it like i definitely think like spending two hundred quid now to get is better than spending having to spend more or do a lot more or do a lot
2305. is it? i think so yeah i'm not sure we'll have to erm like a month is it? do you want some of this? no but yyou've left school have you? uhu yeah well yes and won't ever go back again erm when did you need to start then? she doesn't know until she no? sees what she gets mm
2306. things i'd done with schools in the previous year for and apparen and i was looking back through my diary and it was like february last year apparently i'd done a a primary school head teacher meeting and i was like oh that's weird i have no recollection of doing that at it said i went to and did a primary school head teacher uhu briefing and i was
2308. ? yes on and on and on well i don't remember it at all remember you were talking about the slug filled staffroom and and everything yeah no all that i had to look up primary school on the internet before i remembered i had been to primary school i had to actually see it okay that actually i have been there oh yes and then gradually bits came back but it's so strange yeah
2309. remember it at all remember you were talking about the slug filled staffroom and and everything yeah no all that i had to look up primary school on the internet before i remembered i had been to primary school i had to actually see it okay that actually i have been there oh yes and then gradually bits came back but it's so strange yeah isn't it? uhu mm i did a whole
2315. like twenty - five quid each great wait's going back for like which week? we was looking at jjune yeah yeah i wanna go for like that was in june when's finished school cool shall we all go? okay wait shall we book it? that means yes er just in case are we free? oh we're free in june yeah yeah june any time we're gonna
2316. go there yeah well should we just book it? june can we just go in may? april yeah let's just fucking go man it'll be awesome june cos's still in school till june okay let's go in june yeah cos we don't wanna leave him out poor thing poor love no we don't wanna leave you out no poor love look at him then
2317. ll go paris in march tuscany in april sick and then transylvania where in may? may i w i kinda my friends are going to portugal in may i kinda wanna go but's got to finish school first can't we just meet there? we'll go in may a month later yeah we'll be there for at least a month wanna buy a house we'll we'll fucking
2318. just it was a hilarious the weighing that you're going for you could do that within a group of friends well our mate at work has ju started a fat lasses club in one of the school nurse clinics yeah? and she said they're gonna buy like put two pounds in a week blah - de - blah - de - blah and week five she said something she had last time she went
2319. said we could if we can't find it when a google mapped it blooming well wasn't down there it was turn right after the we found it though there's a brand new school right next to never used to be there when i worked at school i would have just gone for pizza instead not only do you have the ignominy of getting weighed but these bloody children's seats
2321. to never used to be there when i worked at school i would have just gone for pizza instead not only do you have the ignominy of getting weighed but these bloody children's seats first school so you're sat on bloody stupid little kids'seats so you feel even bigger exact and make you feel your arse is bigger than ever can i have one of your seats so i can put
2323. isn't it? it is yeah but but what iis it popular now as it used to be latin? studying? well they're by now in britain there's hardly a state school left yeah that does the classics and if they they do it no more than say beyond up to rather gcses yeah the ones who read classics at university tend to be public school kids oh right what
2325. there's there should be no discrimination depending on what religion you have et cetera or what background yeah he said so that's in the constitution however if you then go by the curriculum the school curriculum things are not possible so he said that if you have kurdish born kids in mixed cities usually the border cities yeah they cannot explain er traditional festivities et cetera oh right because what they they have to
2326. ##dish? like use your kkurdish you know? yeah so er that is gonna be a problem they haven't decided to basically sort the education system from like prprimary school and then mm mm college moving up to university and the other thing is they haven't er not the government is not very keen on it yeah at the moment er i've had experience with the
2327. yeah business erm er business studies oh yes or something oh right so i said see what they're like just er yeah and i've also brought that piece of the daily mail of my school street school mm and the story that is attached to that mm not that i got a mention oh they missed the m the most important bits out you mean? but you see it was the girls and er
2328. erm er business studies oh yes or something oh right so i said see what they're like just er yeah and i've also brought that piece of the daily mail of my school street school mm and the story that is attached to that mm not that i got a mention oh they missed the m the most important bits out you mean? but you see it was the girls and er i remember
2329. know no no i sai really? he said yeah so i went back up and put a oh well a big that big no need to take it today that night we had this bombing raid and street school was ablaze but when i think about it it was ablaze at the boys'end mm cos it was boys at this end and girls at that although it was all one building mm it was
2330. ve made five of them now five? it's all done by easter then yeah wow okay okay i'll put that there mm pity didn't show the picture of the er of the school on fire really that's the best bit i mean we never got to write anything you know to do anything like that not that i remember anyhow so would you prefer to get your information from a
2331. hear or mm put down what they want to read sort of thing mm so are you aadvised in advance which erm sort of style it is style it is? happily with the management school it was yeah it's always harvard oh right but that's yeah mm it can get quite tricky for things like er one thing that tends to happen now is dictionaries tend to only be
2332. doesn't say where they found them rather crucially does it? no no or where they've been all well that's it as far as i remember it was this end of the school which was the boys'end mm which was and the the other the other end wasn't really like that mm could have been one of the teachers took them home and mm they've died and
2335. go to school and er they tried to get scholarships and that to go private but it didn't work out and they couldn't really afford it and but she's gone to the catholic school this catholic comprehensive in i don't it does get a bit better results than school but i don't know how significant it is no they live at which i think is on the way to isn
2342. like quite bad like it was really obvious and like ah it was just and everyone used to be really mean to him and he wrote this list he like wanted to ask the most popular girl out in school and he wrote this list of chat - up lines ah and then on the reverse it was like lines if i get abs accepted lines if i get rejected ah ah little man so sweet i wanna i wanna
2347. god that's bad classic oh was so sweet ah look poor's taken himself off facebook maybe he's dead who? no oh yeah got him got him this was the kid in our school ah ah and look he's got friends does he? yeah he's got friends oh wow long hair not ah poor guy ah i bet he's so nice he really wasn't nice
2348. we kinda made him a bit of an arsehole he looks very handsome does he? i mean low threshold admittedly we used to sing happy birthday to this guy ev like everybody in like the school would just like sing happy birthday to him and it wasn't even his birthday and he'd cry that is so sad you're so nasty yeah really was we were horrible bullying is horrible isn
2351. the way and who was the biggest bitch? this is really funny cos it's like the same format for different schools isn't it? i actually really i actually really extracted myself from school cos i didn't like it yeah i didn't like that like the kind of no you would hate it it's really not you i didn't like i didn't like
2358. school did you go out with him? mm no we had like you know we had like a kind of like teenage will they won't they? ah you were like the ross and rachel of school? we just kept ge we just kept we just kept getting together at parties and then like it just got a bit much he is handsome he went out with like all of our frie like we basically
2359. her friends and i was by myself and i was like fuck cos there was who was also fucking hard and i was like this is gonna be really really bad did you go to an all girls school? no no no no it was like a mixed school this is the worst one i had a crush on are you ready? that's bad this is the worst one oh nice monobrow he
2360. fuck cos there was who was also fucking hard and i was like this is gonna be really really bad did you go to an all girls school? no no no no it was like a mixed school this is the worst one i had a crush on are you ready? that's bad this is the worst one oh nice monobrow he's great he's great he's actually
2361. in the world i was with and i was like hey and he was like hi did you did you neck him? would you have like? cos there's people from like mmy old school that like felt like f unfinished business in a way and then you've gotta meet up with them in the pub or something like that yeah and then be like hey it's you how you doing
2362. with them in the pub or something like that yeah and then be like hey it's you how you doing? yeah yeah definitely it's like i'm attractive and intelligent now outside of school look at me yeah yeah yeah a bit a bit a bit unfortunately though all the people that like that was those all of those people are now actually married yeah yeah yeah i'll show you yeah that
2363. ' t tag yourself on his photo you should tag yourself in one of the pictures of his wife ah so weird the first time we any of us met him like all of his really good friends from school was at their wedding yeah wow yeah i can't believe he's dressed like a fucking crusader let's see some more photos of him i mean that's just er that's like
2364. ? yeah i do i'm really really pleased with it yeah yeah good have you cracked it? and a keyring quite a big difference you gave me a keyring too yes nephew's school does with him oh oh shit so you can't lock anything? no it's not just batteries is it? bigger space gentle please we've got a bit of a problem at the minute
2368. the headmistress or the teachers? the headmistress yeah she'd gone to iceland was it? who? the erm the headmistress norway norway yeah cos they loved the school is supposed to be amazing norway's good finland's good yeah yeah the schooling system yeah and erm she loved the way that they schooled does that sound? yeah yeah what you're
2370. a family group yes so erm he can be in a maths group with children that are older yeah that's what my yeah or his age so that's what my niece's school has been doing yeah but now did you say you've gone off the idea now? no no but when he first started i thought well isn't it a bit dangerous not having shoes on?
2377. of that oh nice did you do any sporty stuff at school? no i was sporty up until i went to secondary school and then if i'm honest i think being in a new school cos my primary school was a catholic school not because my parents were catholic it was just a good school in that area and most almost well all of my friends went to different high schools secondary schools so
2380. i went to secondary school and then if i'm honest i think being in a new school cos my primary school was a catholic school not because my parents were catholic it was just a good school in that area and most almost well all of my friends went to different high schools secondary schools so i didn't have a middle school i just had a primary school and an upper school okay that '
2384. school i just had a primary school and an upper school okay that's what gonna doing yeah so i stayed there until i was eleven and when i changed i think when i went to that new school i just lost some of my confidence in competing with all these new students yeah so i guess i didn't play it as much i lost interest in it a little bit and then didn't really
2387. ' s not just wanking and and he didn't he get told off for having sex on the stage? something like that yeah lol it's all drugs now masses of drugs in school at the moment and i was in the out block by myself yesterday yeah and everybody else had cleared off to do bits and bobs and there was three boys in detention yeah and i went out i said
2388. was the score? something like forty - six something i think oh there is forty - seven nine who were they playing? tonga? yeah and it oh what a brilliant guess er yeah it was er school went to er school as it's called now school went to erm not hall where they were staying but park yeah park in here? erm yes er i don't like school it '
2389. something like forty - six something i think oh there is forty - seven nine who were they playing? tonga? yeah and it oh what a brilliant guess er yeah it was er school went to er school as it's called now school went to erm not hall where they were staying but park yeah park in here? erm yes er i don't like school it's to make them
2391. er school went to er school as it's called now school went to erm not hall where they were staying but park yeah park in here? erm yes er i don't like school it's to make them oh they were doing a they were hoping to do the haka for them were they? they did it was on did they? yes it was on oh right okay the
2392. there i can't believe that i'm in england and there's these group of people doing the haka oh right there's an air of superiority between i'm sure and school there's no but i'm so pleased they did it for them erring to the side of think they're better than oh well if there's any transiting kids it's
2401. he's a primary school teacher hmm and what he did when we first moved into this area from is that he took like a long - term supply for about eight weeks or something uh in a school in and i think he really enjoyed it actually hmm so he wouldn't mind doing some more supply cos he's um he's temporary now and he's got another temporary one uh
2403. mm if i see you using them again i will take your food away from you and you will have to go hungry okay? yeah so erm yeah so there might be some stuff that happens in school mm oh and yeah so some of th that's why some of the kids were sick cos some of them were kind of pilfering their parents'sweets cos they wanted to try them
2404. to see their family more mm cos they're quite old and they can't really do many visits uhu and then she moves in like to get closer to get like further way from school so he she has an excuse of being late instead of what sh instead of saying oh my tv show was very long and then she is like really annoying and always catapults her dog's
2406. that er for real yeah to me she's very ssusceptible to suggestion well what about the person who became a chef but didn't cook any broccoli or something? school cook oh bless her yes they all had bad stomachs this is all what you're feeding them she says er i don't know and she read she thought they said well we had this as
2407. said and i'm from what you're telling me you don't eat fruit or vegetables no we don't like them so what's i said well and then she became a school i said well it they have their own vegetables though don't they? y and she became a school chef but she's a school chef no she was she wasn't she wasn't
2410. ? y and she became a school chef but she's a school chef no she was she wasn't she wasn't no she wasn't cooking any vegetables so how's the school then? anyhow she's depressed oh she can't come to any of the meetings oh she's still managing to work for well you should that's what you should be doing reaching
2411. was hilarious screaming children of about a six - year - old vintage would you say? yeah they're all gathered there and erm the there's a girl at the front said and primary school is an eco - school we all had to cheer and they got the bronze award and power down i'd say he's about thirty and he stood there in a polo shirt and he's
2412. about a six - year - old vintage would you say? yeah they're all gathered there and erm the there's a girl at the front said and primary school is an eco - school we all had to cheer and they got the bronze award and power down i'd say he's about thirty and he stood there in a polo shirt and he's the north county council superhero
2416. multiple changes in per day yeah so um it's not like a sort of older um child maybe or not a teenager where they would only need like one thing to wear or uh plus plus the school school uniforms and i don't know everyone likes a bit costume change lady gaga style yeah i don't know much about lady gaga really i don't like she wore meat meat one time didn
2419. you'd no just do it it doesn't matter if you fail you won't fail nobody ever fails yeah they do they can't afford to fail people it looks bad on the school so just pass everyone but passed only passed his grade seven that's that's fine that's fine if i only pass my grade seven i'd be happy no no i mean he '
2420. i learned american american is that why you say water sorry i'm going to kill you i lived in as a child and when i was about thirteen we were well er went down to ah to school and oh i didn't half get my leg pulled at erm school down there after coming from what? for your accent? mm mm really? yeah mm did you have any did you have anyone
2421. to kill you i lived in as a child and when i was about thirteen we were well er went down to ah to school and oh i didn't half get my leg pulled at erm school down there after coming from what? for your accent? mm mm really? yeah mm did you have any did you have anyone in your any erm people from the north in your school? no people
2422. erm school down there after coming from what? for your accent? mm mm really? yeah mm did you have any did you have anyone in your any erm people from the north in your school? no people from everywhere except the north but the north so you didn't see anyone in any of the schools or colleges that you went to with a northern accent? well i didn't really
2423. any of the schools or colleges that you went to with a northern accent? well i didn't really go much to be honest with you to other schools and stuff no er the schools that like school college whatever that you went to i mea mm i know you didn't go to other people's schools but erm as far as i can remember no no northerners oh not even teachers
2424. ? blimey it's r it's it's fun do you have er no problems between different religions and things like that? i don't know i went to a catholic school and i didn't really meet much but no not not as such no you've got a temple i mean one side you've got a church the other it was fine mm yeah but that
2429. they're in stock and yesterday i was looking at rucksacks for my school bag and i just did not know i found this nice on in jack wills are you going to get a school bag for christmas as well yeah because my one is already falling apart it's not cos only like ten pounds and so it's not i was looking at erm well it probably wasn '
2430. tindalls yeah and i'm not sure i got this from rymans or something i need to buy some new ones you got this from tindalls yeah oh i thought that was a school one oh yeah that's slightly thicker it's like the dager and rowly graduate sketch book or something huh nice it's not very interesting but i got it cos it was one
2431. i don't feel like getting up and going out yeah in the dark it's already dark do you want a torch no it's fine cos i'm only going down the school bit i'll go down the field dad's picking you up yeah yeah that's the lamppost but be careful cos there's lots of cars at night and okay don't
2432. tea or coffee? oh a cup of tea thank you lovely thank you so er we did all of that and then er we er we went down to the crypt and in the crypt there was this school party with this teacher young teacher like yeah let's imagine there and not a teacher any more and er isn't she? oh yeah your friend and then there was er just as a side note
2433. clocks that changes we've got one what that has date? ba no not the date it says five pm you know like you know that i talk thinking like that i talk thinking like the old school school clocks that had like the date in it as well i know i know just needs something like that not that he'd pay attention to it but just try that's the problem he doesn '
2434. that changes we've got one what that has date? ba no not the date it says five pm you know like you know that i talk thinking like that i talk thinking like the old school school clocks that had like the date in it as well i know i know just needs something like that not that he'd pay attention to it but just try that's the problem he doesn't
2443. wait for a cheque to go through but we we just paid for that in yeah but like some people were a bit funny i was like for god's sake cheque that's old school yeah it went in straight away though pretty much yeah it did didn't it? so pretty much got our dresses sorted as well which is good ah that's nice so we're just like
2446. so unreliable as a person it's unreal i hate that like he's so thing is i never believed that he would be like that cos obviously we knew him from like yeah primary school and he like he like it's such a shame cos i think he could have been if he hadn't been around he could have been much better all them lot he could have been great
2447. oh my god but like but then's mum's dad and's mum are really like the s and the s are really like cool they're really nice his nan is very old school and orthodox like she like his dad's mum like she said calls me her like her beautiful chocolate girl which is really like do you know what i mean? so not pc but she doesn't
2450. like school though isn't it yeah it's definitely going to be like school i literally couldn't imagine anything worse it's going to be like it's going to be like school mm i think and i wouldn't go back to school i thought school was great hmm well then maybe you'll get on fantastically getting quite sore now it has to be said you should stop
2456. yeah w er like probably won't come if comes cos cos you know when they met her do you know what asked her? who?? yeah ha what? she was like what school do you go to? but when you're in your fifties you can't tell the difference and also she's hanging out with you yeah but no but the thing is's nuts she
2459. decided then that i should go in and don't go laughing into the intelligence corps oh right because the cyprus emergency was still on right and the intelligence corps never took national servicemen directly from right whatever school or whatever it was but they picked the ones they wanted from other regiments right supposed to be intelligent but that was wrong anyhow i got selected to go off so i left on the day of the passing
2465. you wait for your bus? yeah and it's your maths room? yeah it's a classroom oh it's very confusing maths two you're not allowed out of the school to wait for your own bus? no know if there's anyone misses for the bus because they the teachers yeah no we used to because the buses never used to be monitored so go behind another one
2466. anyone misses for the bus because they the teachers yeah no we used to because the buses never used to be monitored so go behind another one and then disappear off before you've got out of the school the teacher have walkie talkies teachers have walkie talkies? yeah yeah like someone stands outside and they'll be like bus nine five eight because that's our bus and then who the
2467. room but the other one k c seven or k c twenty - five now only has like seven people on it so that's like we go with them mm have you got cycle sheds at your school then? yeah mm bike sheds it's where everyone kisses behind the bike sheds not again i wasn't going to say a thing about kissing behind the bike sheds and people come in with scoot
2470. napoleon i had to do wrestling i had to do wrestling in my p e lesson wrestling? i played stuck in the mud stuck in the mud when? at school is there a load of mud at school and we had to go round all different stations and then we had to do arm wrestling i lost every single game and this girl she won't even trying and she went bang oh right no oh i
2472. out of the tin or or crumble well you might be able to get some pears from some pears at this time of year mm i don't think you'll get take to school? rhubarb? no she doesn't like rhubarb i don't really like rhubarb i with crumble but i'd have some but i know that
2474. just tweet it yeah uh never you'll ever guess what i made at school chocolate marsh mellow and walnut i like lamb did you? why didn't they get them from the school canteen? because it was fourth period oh so are you starting that new job on tuesday? monday? monday monday well i was i did some last week i went in last week on wednesday i we well
2475. to put glass glass because it was so low that somebody would fall over oh right it looks really scary mm in an office in a in a business building it's ideal oh mm but in a school yeah and then the head teacher's office it's like a kitchen isn't it like car like one wall's like a kitchen is it? mm it's got like a a
2476. yeah given you an interview it's in norfolk isn't it yeah erm you know i don't know i think if i where was that one for? that was at a special school mm well if you were doing that if you're teaching until december anyway you've got plenty of time to sort stuff out yeah there's not much about though that's the problem mm
2477. at like midnight but if it's your horse you can go down and right okay ride it when you you want to really they just look after it then you can't ride it in the school if there's a lesson going on yep you have to like book him well if there's no lesson then it is seventy quid a week isn't it? and they're getting
2479. do? yeah but they're always at school but they have been qualified yeah they're qualified teachers some of the yeah these these are sub these are basically substitute teachers that are like are in school in case a teacher goes home ill really quickly or something for oh right okay and they just like come in and teach yeah they they they they they're cover supervisors they're cheap and they '
2480. ' s a cover supervisor but she teaches me dt is she a cover supervisor? erm yeah she is my dt teacher yeah he she's my dt teacher too yeah th there's each school has different ways they do it but the majority of cover supervisors are not i know one we we employed an an ex teacher who would just had not long completed her pgce but hadn't got q
2482. s well you've got you've got evevery angle haven't you? mm it'd be nice to have that yeah if i was to be fortunate to get the head of school job i was saying to think i worked out that i could just about do it from september by not taking early retirement and all the other bits and pieces yeah if i got the head of school job because
2483. of school job i was saying to think i worked out that i could just about do it from september by not taking early retirement and all the other bits and pieces yeah if i got the head of school job because that is a big salary increase oh right so that'd be good won't it? mm and then it'd just be a case of just juggling certain things and mm yeah
2484. how more can i put up with that? that's right yeah yeah is that will that lot leave this this year? it's well it's right it's right through the school is it? oh crikey it's right through the school it's you haven't got good intake lately then no no they're up till christmas it was alright yeah? since
2485. yeah is that will that lot leave this this year? it's well it's right it's right through the school is it? oh crikey it's right through the school it's you haven't got good intake lately then no no they're up till christmas it was alright yeah? since christmas well mm and you c i know what it is there's
2486. you c i know what it is there's no sanctions no yeah there is no sanctions well if you can't sanction you know if the sc if if the sanctions that you had in school have stopped and then everybody's doing their own thing there's no consistency no there ain't no you need a you need a system that is you do don't you? yeah so
2487. mean you need boosting up don't you? to to get the motivation and things like that you know you know but when you get people good teachers at risk of redundancy then any school or academy if they got rid of the good them teachers how are they going to build it? yeah how are they going to build round anything? yeah you cannot build a school up from something that you
2488. ##undancy then any school or academy if they got rid of the good them teachers how are they going to build it? yeah how are they going to build round anything? yeah you cannot build a school up from something that you've lost er that's gone yeah you gotta have mmore come in well what they want they want people coming in with fifteen thousand pound a year instead of twenty -
2491. at the moment is talking a lot of erm pictures from school stuff what they're making at school oh right mm i see yeah and do you print them out? yeah for the for the school? yeah well these are coursework pictures yeah? so this is a box that's full of electronics for people i'm making oh i see mm mm yeah mm mm that's a really
2492. the woman says well i was told that she could do the exam again well that's a cost implication of somebody not taking the exam so it's a cost implication to the s to the school so i i spoke to the deputy mr sorry? and er he says no mark it down as one day unauthorized and one day holiday oh right so the mum so i spoke to the w lady who had
2494. was oh in she was alright in the end and then another girl came to see me about i've got a meeting with er her parents tomorrow and er she just doesn't wanna come to school no? so i so i s i've not met her before and she turned up at my desk on friday and she went i've come to see you er okay tells me who she was
2498. s the way that it works so the more days you're here the better your er your attendance i says but what we can do i said is we can say right you're back in school now and we'll look at your attendance from now through to when you leave and then we can say you've had a hundred percent attendance from this date right to this date yeah we know your
2504. never given the the even thought that you could go on to further education never or anything never given the chance left school early didn't even know there was a further education whereas it was pushed my school you went on to do s but was that because again back to that area well mm i don't know but we were expected as a secondary school to take up not the academics the the apprenticeship route
2505. was a further education whereas it was pushed my school you went on to do s but was that because again back to that area well mm i don't know but we were expected as a secondary school to take up not the academics the the apprenticeship route but the apprenticeship route and when y when you were fifteen you left school and worked a year before you got your apprenticeship so we had to work a year
2509. t get they get how they want to get rid of some staff these staff mm want to retire right alright? but they want to go maybe a year early or two years earlier mm but because the school keeps its budget on line they can't make them retire because they can't pay them to retire oh if the school was in a deficit budget and they needed to get rid of these members of
2510. to go maybe a year early or two years earlier mm but because the school keeps its budget on line they can't make them retire because they can't pay them to retire oh if the school was in a deficit budget and they needed to get rid of these members of staff then they would get help on they'd get help yeah getting rid of getting rid of they could cre they couldn
2511. buy anything they can't do any er they've got no money mm how do you work that one out? and what they're saying is it's all because the er predecessor school had a deficit budget predecessor school had a deficit budget but it had nothing to do with the oba budget no because it was wiped clean on the thirty - first of august right when it became an academy
2512. do any er they've got no money mm how do you work that one out? and what they're saying is it's all because the er predecessor school had a deficit budget predecessor school had a deficit budget but it had nothing to do with the oba budget no because it was wiped clean on the thirty - first of august right when it became an academy that deficit budget was s shared
2513. yeah and then some people do like screen printing and textiles and all that shit i just wish i could do all of it really yeah me too just be like and then i could just go to art school instead would you like to go to art school? yes if i could like get into that frame of mind where doing art is all i wanna do but yes cos i do enjoy drawing when i want
2514. and textiles and all that shit i just wish i could do all of it really yeah me too just be like and then i could just go to art school instead would you like to go to art school? yes if i could like get into that frame of mind where doing art is all i wanna do but yes cos i do enjoy drawing when i want to do it just not when i'm
2517. ? well it it means that they they cease to be under control of the of the local authority county council the local authority actually yeah they get funded directly by the government so it actually means that each school has more control over how it spends its money oh okay erm i think it's all explained in tod so in the independent isn't it? n we'll read that yeah is it
2518. the finances of all the schools within the county yeah conversely some heads will be very good at handling their own but yes but er some heads will be completely at sea mm it'll probably require each school to have much more of a business manager oh yes of course yeah within them erm mm so er you know it's er it's a very sort of sweeping statement i wonder why though they
2519. although i actually think it's a very good thing to have a parent governor mm compulsory maths lessons until eighteen the other thing they're suggesting or the minis crazy is that mm the school day should be extended by an hour so instead of three yeah would go on till four it seems awfully short well i quite agree with you actually yeah yeah i think well it's never factored
2520. the percentage of privately educated students getting into say oxbridge as opposed to from erm from a state yeah sstate schools they never mention that that they get an extra hour if you go a private school you you've had an extra hour an additional half day saturday at school yeah yeah every week that you've been at school yeah plus hours for each day plus additional hours so five five hours a
2523. plus hours for each day plus additional hours so five five hours a week every single day so the sum of your education is twice as long is is vastly yeah longer yeah longer than someone from a state school five times a hundred and fifty - two cos you see state school students i mean you know old a level students wandering home at half three four oh well schools finish at three well yeah we'd
2525. are also sort of built - in expectations yeah that's the social reasons which and usually erm almost inevitably not necessarily for good reasons but there's far more parental support than in a state school a state school yeah you know there oodles of pare well i in fact i remember somebody was once eventually expelled from the local upper school yyou know for and you know peo you can
2526. of built - in expectations yeah that's the social reasons which and usually erm almost inevitably not necessarily for good reasons but there's far more parental support than in a state school a state school yeah you know there oodles of pare well i in fact i remember somebody was once eventually expelled from the local upper school yyou know for and you know peo you can imagine if somebody
2527. ' s far more parental support than in a state school a state school yeah you know there oodles of pare well i in fact i remember somebody was once eventually expelled from the local upper school yyou know for and you know peo you can imagine if somebody eventually gets pushed out a state school you know they've really gone beyond the pale the parents were absolutely delighted he could go off
2528. of pare well i in fact i remember somebody was once eventually expelled from the local upper school yyou know for and you know peo you can imagine if somebody eventually gets pushed out a state school you know they've really gone beyond the pale the parents were absolutely delighted he could go off and start earning yeah yeah you know that that was actually yeah the parental but response yes whereas at my school
2529. you know they've really gone beyond the pale the parents were absolutely delighted he could go off and start earning yeah yeah you know that that was actually yeah the parental but response yes whereas at my school and of course that was the reason you know why the boy was as far off track as he was actually mm exactly and at my school it's just assumed it's not even a question that
2530. that was actually yeah the parental but response yes whereas at my school and of course that was the reason you know why the boy was as far off track as he was actually mm exactly and at my school it's just assumed it's not even a question that hello you go to university after a levels yeah exactly that's why you do a levels yeah yeah cos that determines what university you
2531. life no i think it it's it's second world war deprivation yeah oh yeah it's true yeah i think it is yeah that as well but er when i was at at boarding school and that was in the fifties for some reason or other ththey they produced condensed milk in tubes oh rather like toothpaste tubes yeah so i had con yeah condensed milk in my tuck box oh
2534. that's from both of us mm i never know what to get my dad it's so difficult with dads one time i found a really really nice present and it was actually at my school's christmas fair oh right i found a set of like erm like fancy pens and it was like four pens and each one has leather print on it with the different er suits from like a pack
2538. laid back you know hm when we first met er we went up the school with yeah she taught up the school and cos she taught up the school she was a teacher up there yeah up the school and mm and she saw us and said oh you keep goats don't you? we got in front of us waiting for her results and everything how she's getting on at school? see how
2541. and a half hours free so it's up to them what they do with it you can fit in a siesta if you so choose oh if you're clever so do you in school have a siesta time? i don't cos i only work at night but schools have siesta time oh schools will close the kids will be out at half past one and then
2548. ' s right but you know you're not giving your children ththeir breakfast no you're not seeing no each other no they're having these afternoon things mm a lot of the school the one i worked in london they used to try to get as many children as possible in for breakfast club even if they their parents didn't work because they wanted to know that they were starting the
2550. knew that if they went home no one was helping them at home they would just be sitting in front of the playstation mm which isn't a bad thing but they would kind of go to our school club just to get a bit of extra help yeah so who was running that? the teachers or the no like extra tas? tas mm cos if you get free schools meals you can get
2552. the teachers or the no like extra tas? tas mm cos if you get free schools meals you can get a free breakfast club and free after school club oh i see so and a school is judged on its numbers of free school meals that's how they judge a school completely mm what do you mean completely? that's how a school gets its funding it's entirely based on
2554. get free schools meals you can get a free breakfast club and free after school club oh i see so and a school is judged on its numbers of free school meals that's how they judge a school completely mm what do you mean completely? that's how a school gets its funding it's entirely based on its number of free school meals so not not grades not no in terms of when the
2555. school club oh i see so and a school is judged on its numbers of free school meals that's how they judge a school completely mm what do you mean completely? that's how a school gets its funding it's entirely based on its number of free school meals so not not grades not no in terms of when the government l just looks at a school and sso they'll say
2557. ? that's how a school gets its funding it's entirely based on its number of free school meals so not not grades not no in terms of when the government l just looks at a school and sso they'll say so for example that school in or whatever mm they'll go right well this is the standard amount this school has to get because it's got sixty children so
2558. s entirely based on its number of free school meals so not not grades not no in terms of when the government l just looks at a school and sso they'll say so for example that school in or whatever mm they'll go right well this is the standard amount this school has to get because it's got sixty children so it has to have this amount but then they have a thing
2559. terms of when the government l just looks at a school and sso they'll say so for example that school in or whatever mm they'll go right well this is the standard amount this school has to get because it's got sixty children so it has to have this amount but then they have a thing called pupil premium which then gives as school more money and that's based completely on
2560. right well this is the standard amount this school has to get because it's got sixty children so it has to have this amount but then they have a thing called pupil premium which then gives as school more money and that's based completely on the number of free school meals cos they think if for every child that needs free school meals then obviously they have to give a bit of extra money because
2563. extra money to look after the children that possibly aren't getting the at home support and things like that so that's why lots of schools try really hard to get parents to know the free school sys the free school meal system oh they'll be a bit like are you sure you're not eligible? yeah are you sure you're not eligible? mm cos then they get
2564. the children that possibly aren't getting the at home support and things like that so that's why lots of schools try really hard to get parents to know the free school sys the free school meal system oh they'll be a bit like are you sure you're not eligible? yeah are you sure you're not eligible? mm cos then they get it's a huge
2573. to erm get him a little bit of support as w or just d doesn't matter which way no i don't quite know which way to do it with er well when i his school i said that yeah he does find that thing really difficult like putting to me like mm but they're but i do find that people have started to s to treat him like he's not bothering
2574. i'll get you some other things and that's where i think finding out about erm well it's like oth but it's also oth realising the same with in school i think he other people like over half teachers were really frustrated with him right yeah like last year yeah and he t really tried i know he'd really tried mm mm but over half of them like
2575. not doing this mm mm mm you know he's and erm so i can do things with him at home and yeah and i can sort of try and influence as much as i can in school as well erm but but i'd like to do more to help him but i'm not not quite sure what i'm gonna do i mean er we did get a little book mm
2576. doing anyway yes that's right so maybe there's something maybe it's something else mm or erm or maybe something like i know with because she erm got the sort of the school actually asked said go and yeah get her assessed mm mm because then we can help her mm yeah cos they were the ones who said there's something yeah up with yeah it wasn't yeah
2578. three thing with him one two three yes he'll just remember the numbers he's not having it no so she was saying erm one two three oh yes maybe you're thinking of school and you know problem with transitions and oh yeah that's also one two three i hadn't really thought about it but i thought yeah if he's going from one activity then the next yeah
2582. might not have been enough interest though i think some people signed up i know one person who signed up mm two people actually who? and to drum practice? yeah with the tre with the teacher in school? i'm not sure but i think i've seen practicing and i've definitely seen what the in's year? no oh okay well if it comes up again you'll sign
2583. ll sign me up yeah possibly it might be a bit easier from the the one that we use i mean i really like my drum teacher they have three cymbals on their drums is there a school drum kit then? yeah yes i did ask about recorders but i forgot unless brought his in mm i can't afford everything though and so you're doing brownie's at the moment
2584. work but you would have to practice every day oh and mum ps does chest cost any does chess cost any money? no good n cos i guess they are doing well chess helps you with your school work mm and concentration it's cos it's run by parents that's why it doesn't cost money but i you know and the thing is you know iiit's all
2586. all the you know intelligent people from that area all the intelligent girls from that area erm weren't dyslexic it's just that all the tests to get into that like school were were exclusive and and didn't let mm dyslexic people in basically and it's er really crazy because like er like like two of the people who have been most successful in
2587. most successful in in the kitchen with me one of them was er like severely dyslexic and the other is like mildly dyslexic but in in in in my sort of school career they would never have made like they would never have got anywhere probably wouldn't be allowed in it's so crazy yeah it's really really crazy and i've suddenly like just just
2589. all the like pai fee paying schools like it was a huge part of the education like all mm all of my friends who were grammar schools is a name though pardon? just like a name grammar school? yeah no no i know i know but i but ironically like it doesn't really yeah yeah it it's not it's not specific like it's just a weird thing but like
2590. but ironically like it doesn't really yeah yeah it it's not it's not specific like it's just a weird thing but like all my friends who went to a fee paying school like their it their sort of english language skills and and specifically grammar is is much much better because it's a it's a it's a label of of of class yeah whereas yeah totally
2591. or like areas of the country yeah don't have that's where you're getting like and she's cos she's like that's what you get in a public school that sort of yeah stuff that that's the main aspect and the entitlement until they that's get to like yeah yeah that's and the no it totally is but the it '
2593. t get into a grammar school and i actually failed the tests mm really? how's that? dumb dumb fuck dumb fuck i'm s really then i reapplied to the same school for sixth form and then i got in but i didn't wanna go yeah fair enough man but it's like it's such a weird thing because like in i dunno it's
2594. a weird thing because like in i dunno it's not actually it's not even just it's it's not it's like this cos when i think of the school i went to it was a really good because they actually taught that kind in confidence in the kids yeah to do like you know were like not gonna go further in education af gcse yeah they ins
2595. make as much money as they yeah yeah exactly exactly yeah you know like we don't have a fucking but i always think they shou i know it's but they should teach things in school like learning to drive and like stuff you can use yeah so it shouldn't just be like what are you gonna be? yeah yeah there's this whole and like but i don't i
2596. m only just working that out now and i'm twenty - nine but that's when you're like working you could i wanna be a director and you do some work experience that your school fixes up for you somewhere yeah in like and then you're sort of like not when but not when you come to yeah cos it doesn't exist yeah like you know that because you
2597. doesn't really affect white people cos mm you know that's the way they are but i dunno just america's very corrupt and i'd be scared to go to high school in america oh yeah cos of all the massacres oh god i know yeah and the shootings and shit like i like i know they're not putting two and two together like like it is
2599. frightening yeah erm but they come from money and like not just a bit rich yeah like the super rich yeah the world's super richest children erm i was looking at the fees for this school they've put the fees up erm they should put your wages up then well i've got a two hundred pound bonus so i'm not complaining erm but two weeks at this school
2600. they've put the fees up erm they should put your wages up then well i've got a two hundred pound bonus so i'm not complaining erm but two weeks at this school to send one child for two weeks it's two and a half thousand pounds woah to send how much of that do you see? erm one child yeah er well i see one child yeah
2601. ' s in her thirties yeah so her sister comes and visits her sister lives in but this kid she's just like shipped away yeah and i think they probably a lot of them live at boarding school as well yeah so actually yeah i think i'd just not have children rather than pay to get rid of them yeah ppay to have someone else look after them yeah have nannies yeah send them
2603. lot of er i don't know i think a lot of people really kind of er baby children too much mm like i've worked with people who you know they have this sort of primary school teacher voice and it's all very soft and sweet and er you know as soon as they can talk they can talk to them like they're actual yeah i think the ythe younger that you
2607. him in me mind's eye yeah gin ginger biscuit coloured quite like like a orangey did you ever you know like this this is a seasonal reference here like um did you ever do at school where you had to take a boiled egg in and like decorate it? you know like as something like it could be like santa claus or like may maybe when i was very young the easter bunny or like
2609. they they really uh they really teach you a lot of stuff don't they? me dad me dad was really good at it me dad uh made some really good ones but anyway sorry i thought school was about like learning and that no it wa it is but it's just like an art crafty thing right but anyway um when i think of andrew neil i just think of him as like a
2612. once oh right yeah it's it's two years old now yeah still looking pretty new yeah it's not bad really new it needs a clean it's dirty have you seen the school they've built up here? er no but i know they've erm built a lot of stuff since you've gone on the er if you go down up to there's a
2613. ' ve built up here? er no but i know they've erm built a lot of stuff since you've gone on the er if you go down up to there's a school yeah there up there now i do tend to go up that way a bit yeah but i don't erm take much notice and that if i was plopped further down there at that roundabout and
2614. i was only a few yards away from a few hundred metres away from where i used to live yeah definitely when i was erm coming back from the airport mum was like oh there's a school that's been built around here now and i kind of had to double take and it took me a few moments to really really register where i was at that point that's right yeah where you
2621. loads of money using that amount of materials that's it yeah yeah that's what had to hammer home to to er yeah cos she her dad was a brit and he's old school he taught them kids like that yeah yeah yeah and they and sh cos we usually get home about one yeah you see when we go out to do this bus stuff mm but we we don't
2625. yeah and erm and used to go out there where the car park is yeah oh yeah i know where you mean with the cafe next door yeah yeah yeah so mm i just go up opposite the school up the road yeah what do they up there charge up there? cos i rang them once i couldn't get in that's when i went to well i think cos i cut and
2627. out it's our neighbour if someone told you you had to go to school for the rest of your life how would you feel? i er i wouldn't mind depends on what kind of school though no the you know the the i've been in my mind is so constrained by er that seemed quite a cushy job though it is a cushy job but that's not
2631. erm got to get the money it's hot in this car as well i don't quite understand why it's so slow unless people are gegetting ready for this tube strike school run not yet i've gotta be somewhere at four you know that? i know well i kept asking you to leave no you were sitting there doing stuff i was ready before you is it? days
2633. it is beef it's baby cow no it's not veal? it's it's er deer no venison venison oh venison have you been in school of dancing? no no but i probably never will be i'd be over there this place is good i know the guy who runs that is it really good? well y you should know how what
2635. decided we need a children's day for so we need a children's day as well yeah yeah that's a good idea so we did used to be when they finished school mm yeah school holidays the the the other the other lovely thing about that is you plug a mic in off you go yeah you can plug a mic in and sing away yeah yeah well that see that's what i
2637. won't be able to deal with other people well well it is that is a problem yeah but it's the main things isn't it soci yeah yeah but it's the school then if they meet lots of people on the way well yes but it's still one to one yeah with her mum yeah it is it's not you're not learning in a group no
2638. but who did we have we we knew that just taught their kids? yeah we knew quite a few didn't we and i can't remember who they are yeah they they opted out of school cos there's yeah there's a lady in the village who's doing it yeah er but and she was actually i had a chat with her she got walks her dog as well yeah
2640. or something i forget forget what it is but they're specific years school years only yeah i think it's the last year at and then they can still come their first year at the next school oh i see yeah so it keeps everything so all those people that come from they can come back from that and still meet their mates yeah in there and that but it they're quite strict about the
2641. me said no they're wrong wrong year we can't it's ssad cos they need it it would be good for them yeah well yeah but i mean's a good school shame isn't it that it doesn't for some reason it didn't work yeah mm well i don't know why they can't have a a youth club for youths i mean
2642. ' s kind of out of the village isn't it? yeah but it's still yeah it's still sort of er not as far as out of the envelope mm and er the school was saying have have written in to say well if you want to do that then you will have to pay for to build two extra classrooms and pay for extra teachers because we cannot cope with the people we
2643. for to build two extra classrooms and pay for extra teachers because we cannot cope with the people we've got at the minute yeah no it's true that's true yeah erm the school say er so yeah and the doctors are only just managing to keep up aren't they? yeah yeah no it w it won't it won't be good no it's a knock
2646. connects a little bit to you know to wto what you're doing yeah cos all those initial ideas of proportion came from the greeks didn't they? yeah and plato had above his school mm don't come in unless you know the geometry yeah but he must have been a very er disagreeable person to work with if you if you were an artist of any sort he was so against
2648. what are liberal arts? liberal arts is an american humanities degree i told her that she sh probably shouldn't go to that school erm in her email she said you you were right about my school it's kind of crap erm but i just wrote back saying it doesn't matter what school you go to they're all kind of crap they aren't you know are they all
2650. fraiche i think erm but also i suppose er like if you we're and you've just spent a year being like a successful model then it'd be boring to go to school but being a model is terribly boring yeah but not she was ququite like she wasn't it wasn't i don't think it was very boring for her cos she was working
2651. it was er it was a bit shit like if you forgot your pencil and you had a teacher that didn't like you you'd get an hou you know you'd stay after school for an hour right that kind of thing that was a bit was what upse er annoyed people i think yeah so you we didn't have tha even that well i mean as you know he '
2652. you like some? er no help yourself there's a glass a glass there but whilst their their project er's a bit more it's not not so coherent anymore because er because the school became fam a fama famously a good school yes so people go er like wanna go there don't cause the same kind of problems as the t kids that went there five years ago oh really
2653. s a glass a glass there but whilst their their project er's a bit more it's not not so coherent anymore because er because the school became fam a fama famously a good school yes so people go er like wanna go there don't cause the same kind of problems as the t kids that went there five years ago oh really? well it's in the in the general
2659. railway station used to be? bridge is it? is it? i think it is bridge yeah and all along that riverside all the way up to you know where it turns a corner where the art school is and yeah all the way round it that's all developed now is it? yeah it used to be a cast casting place didn't it? it did yeah a foundry er down there foundry
2660. houses i haven't been down there for years and then all the old brewery site's all be developed mm yeah yeah and all the way through there up as far as er yeah the art school yeah is oh yeah a couple of big factories sort of derelict factories stuck in the middle of nowhere is there? yeah of course that it used to be all shoe factories around there it did yeah yeah mm
2661. yeah all the way up and well no that that it's pointless people who are actually protesting cos they'll be built well i mean it's like people apparently apparently protested about the school being developed and things well that's right yeah they'll be built you've got no chance but apparently er council er had an oversight and didn't put some kind of a stop on
2662. yeah i know but i mean what'll happen is this is that they'll just yeah add another doctor to the surgery and build a put a few mm portakabins in with the school i mean well they they were it ain't hard is it? they were then saying that the doctor's surgery should have been they should have took over where the school is so that they made
2663. ##s in with the school i mean well they they were it ain't hard is it? they were then saying that the doctor's surgery should have been they should have took over where the school is so that they made all that bit the doctor's surgery mm and they missed out on it they reckon yeah well it's like all these things and i mean they they just but nothi
2665. in a way it's a good idea isn't it? mm yeah they're all they're all they're always going to like seminars as well and they were at business school yesterday and went to like a talk bit of meet it's kind of a bit of a networking thing so talk to other businessmen and listen to people that talk on stage which is quite cool isn '
2678. anything and it his whole thing is like it just always there he's like he's an just figuring out how shit works you know? it's just like kanye west is in art school yeah he's just like and er art school was like a massive bunch of statues he make shit happen yeah yeah yeah yeah cos i art school's like that it's like all your
2679. always there he's like he's an just figuring out how shit works you know? it's just like kanye west is in art school yeah he's just like and er art school was like a massive bunch of statues he make shit happen yeah yeah yeah yeah cos i art school's like that it's like all your crazy ideas you're really encouraged that they matter
2680. ' s just like kanye west is in art school yeah he's just like and er art school was like a massive bunch of statues he make shit happen yeah yeah yeah yeah cos i art school's like that it's like all your crazy ideas you're really encouraged that they matter and like you should you know you should us what you think and you should say that and you should
2681. is real and therefore i'm making fashion attack is happening and therefore make him this this erm big idea that they he's like one day i'm gonna get prada to design school uniforms okay from nowhere he just came up to me and just said it and like cool so fucking weird about that shit i'm really good at speaking to people like that though i just fucking i love
2682. i've diet bro diet bros like bros that aren't like quite bros but they like try and be bros but they're not very broey the most helpful website i go on for school is called philosophy bro dot com have you heard of bro fashionable dot com? no that's pretty good it's like how to be a bro but it's fucking amazing what? it '
2687. year make the cake then yes well i've got about four before then wedding cakes family wedding cakes? and eh and others i mean i've actually got one for a girl who was at school with and she text she put see i'm on facebook and she sent me a message saying i've got a problem i i eh excuse me naughty dog she said my husband to be wants his
2690. which is another design a co a clothing sports clothing company want to use him for their mouth guards so he's go he's got he's got school he's got king edward school's girls and boys have said yes they want him to supply not which is the normal supplier so he's got some big contracts so he's doing everything in his own business and actually pretty
2691. of like teaching isn't it? yeah sports teaching actually you you you're good at it with the hockey aren't you? well he did it he did it for a year a school didn't you? when you left school did it for a year yeah i i quite enjoy it yeah i quite enjoy the coaching stuff you are being a pain stop it do you want me to put
2694. well it was a zoo really? i i stood outside the front door said well i better ask cos it maybe cos i thought the place i was going to teach might have been within the school school grounds and school complex cos quite a lot of school have that have community outreach centres in them mm hm so i stood outside the door and there's a women in an abaya in the
2695. it was a zoo really? i i stood outside the front door said well i better ask cos it maybe cos i thought the place i was going to teach might have been within the school school grounds and school complex cos quite a lot of school have that have community outreach centres in them mm hm so i stood outside the door and there's a women in an abaya in the let
2696. zoo really? i i stood outside the front door said well i better ask cos it maybe cos i thought the place i was going to teach might have been within the school school grounds and school complex cos quite a lot of school have that have community outreach centres in them mm hm so i stood outside the door and there's a women in an abaya in the let me help you
2697. front door said well i better ask cos it maybe cos i thought the place i was going to teach might have been within the school school grounds and school complex cos quite a lot of school have that have community outreach centres in them mm hm so i stood outside the door and there's a women in an abaya in the let me help you desk in the corner who just sat there
2698. away with anything and the parents would come at parents evening and say we can't do anything with him at home right so so what so can't you can't do anything in the school we can't do anything at home yeah and the girls saw school as a way out of home so they actually wanted to be there but then they were sort of preyed on by the boys and
2705. have had such a bad experience but there are a lot of places where you do get that yeah mm yeah i wonder whether it would have been the same had i got a very nice all girls grammar school or something you get different problems exactly you get different issues exactly you get pushy parents you get yeah you get different issues i guess working with adults in a business environment you get problems there too don '
2708. it's not a bad deal actually erm but yeah the do have this real sort of i don't know there is a problem with them just they never grow up they're permanently school kids themselves it is a problem we had people who i'm talking to her and ah petty oh it's ridiculous stupid but even from erm heads of department and heads of faculties as well it
2709. this other the replacement teacher find out about it? was she? oh she knew all about it really? yeah the only good thing that the head did subsequently was to find her a job at the school next door cos he made sure that once the maternity cover was up this young girl did have a teaching job somewhere else it was the least she could so really really she should have been able to keep
2710. staggering i used to have a woman she used to come into me on a daily basis moaning about i do so much work here nobody nobody realises how much work i do if i was working at the school next door i'd get this much money for doing this little work go and work at the school next door the you know don't keep laying it in my door this is i can't
2711. do so much work here nobody nobody realises how much work i do if i was working at the school next door i'd get this much money for doing this little work go and work at the school next door the you know don't keep laying it in my door this is i can't do anything to change that actually if you want to and i said to them well if you think life
2712. always said when i came that when i came back i should where they need good teachers is the place where it's difficult to teach yeah and the problem is that places like maybe places like the school you were in don't attract good teachers because it's such a difficult environment to work it mm so you've got a no win situation really we actually ended up with a very good staff
2713. ' t attract good teachers because it's such a difficult environment to work it mm so you've got a no win situation really we actually ended up with a very good staff over in the school i was in we we did get some good people in and that snowballed and we progressively got more good people but we had some real doors initially and that we had kids climbing on the roof jumping
2716. about he was young when he started teaching at at cos it's it says his book it's like it's the one of the last if not the last non - selective state school that still teaches a - level greek yeah blooming motorbikes if you're gonna go go but i'll also send him an email cos i haven't been in touch since i
2717. s dad to some rock music what about? is she's gonna be there? she could be there if you want her there for a little bit i f keep on forgetting which not the from school so you're gonna see on friday cos we're gonna go back there to high wire i could really annoy you when you say and like i could really annoy you if i said
2720. yeah of a morning and then it would and then there'd be like for some reason there was like these there was like this bits of tv for kids that like either hadn't gone to school yeah or weren't in school maybe it was for students i dunno yeah probably that students yeah that students can understand but erm i used to like cos the rugrats was on before
2730. into? because there was not they were proper hockey boots they looked like i think everyone had to have them i know but they'd i mean they were sort of things you had to have for school but mm because they looked like erm what used to be sort of those american plimsoll things that came up to your yes you know what i mean? they looked like those with knobbly
2731. but she was a bit older than me was she? oh well she must've been she passed on the hockey boots so she would've left she would've already have left wherever whatever school she was at presumably unless her feet grew rapidly erm to have passed on her hockey boots mm yeah i don't i don't i don't think i've ever met her so
2736. it? yeah yeah i haven't been to the one yeah it's cool oh actually yes i have been to the one actually when did you go to then? erm i went with school i think did you? yeah erm on a school trip don't know what it was for but i think it was english or something i can't remember that was like a couple of years
2738. a school trip don't know what it was for but i think it was english or something i can't remember that was like a couple of years ago i went i went to the with school did you? i went to see the cirque du soleil oh nice that was really good actually i'd love to see like a show like wicked or something oh yeah wicked's really
2739. ever really? well i feel like sometimes i do like when i think of names i'm like oh that'd be kind of nice but they just annoy me yeah like fitting in with school the boring school routine like every morning you can't just have a spontaneous weekend away and just takes the excitement out of everything yeah it's just boring and mundane like i feel like there's
2740. well i feel like sometimes i do like when i think of names i'm like oh that'd be kind of nice but they just annoy me yeah like fitting in with school the boring school routine like every morning you can't just have a spontaneous weekend away and just takes the excitement out of everything yeah it's just boring and mundane like i feel like there's a lot of
2741. little brainbox i think's more of the comedian there yeah she is like the class clown isn't she? yeah yeah i don't know how she'll be getting on at school on her first day i like took her in cos i we were down there which was nice yeah and erm straight away she was like out in the play yard bit and there was like this big
2742. there was like this big sandpit filled with water and she like persuaded her little friend to start splashing in it so like what? they got covered in water before they'd even started the school day it was quite funny that sounds like her doesn't it? yeah they've sent us over a massive christmas list of everything they want what? yeah isn't that a bit cheeky
2744. started the war and it was didn't seem too too biased did it? they didn't it wasn't on one side or the other like you don't get taught that at school no it did yeah it did go between the two it flipped yeah at first we we we created well helped palestine then the the israelis were the terrorists yeah they were the terrorists and they started shooting british troops
2745. of archaeological science and you know viking medieval stuff historical archaeology em so yeah i've just been i've i've dabbled with sort of stuff you can do that you can twin your school for school for twenty twelve your school can be a twin with another school somewhere around the world no one of my friends is just finishing a phd in int i think it's in the interbreeding
2746. science and you know viking medieval stuff historical archaeology em so yeah i've just been i've i've dabbled with sort of stuff you can do that you can twin your school for school for twenty twelve your school can be a twin with another school somewhere around the world no one of my friends is just finishing a phd in int i think it's in the interbreeding between ne
2747. medieval stuff historical archaeology em so yeah i've just been i've i've dabbled with sort of stuff you can do that you can twin your school for school for twenty twelve your school can be a twin with another school somewhere around the world no one of my friends is just finishing a phd in int i think it's in the interbreeding between neanderthals and homo
2748. i've just been i've i've dabbled with sort of stuff you can do that you can twin your school for school for twenty twelve your school can be a twin with another school somewhere around the world no one of my friends is just finishing a phd in int i think it's in the interbreeding between neanderthals and homo sapiens and eh what do they
2754. freeze tonight i know it's gonna start getting cold soon if it freezes and then it's all really slippy that'd be great cos they might then have to close the school yeah but they won't close work yeah i know you you get away with it so much easier yes well i'm purely thinking of myself yes and they don't close lectures either they don
2756. does it? actually it's not anymore my uncle though was saying that one time when he em was at school em the boiler had broken but they thought they you know everyone cou like the school kids had just gone in to secondary school so half the class didn't come in most of the teachers couldn't get in and eh so they just sent them on outdoor pe they just had to
2758. that for like three quarters of the day and then they're like no we can't fix it go home so they used to have to bring in industrial heaters into my brother's school all the time because the boilers just broke constantly wow so they had these massive engines like in the school sports hall just trying to heat the entire building but yeah i remember just sort of it was cold one
2759. it go home so they used to have to bring in industrial heaters into my brother's school all the time because the boilers just broke constantly wow so they had these massive engines like in the school sports hall just trying to heat the entire building but yeah i remember just sort of it was cold one day at school cos the heater broke and i went home and em like there's containing
2760. because the boilers just broke constantly wow so they had these massive engines like in the school sports hall just trying to heat the entire building but yeah i remember just sort of it was cold one day at school cos the heater broke and i went home and em like there's containing like all these people had gone home and that we should stay and that we should care about our education kids are always
2762. ah i'm gonna keep my own spoon how old were you? your age twenty - four or twenty - five ah that's beautiful that was actually that was actually age seven em in the school we said special but that was my first ever job oh mm what did you do? it was a small bus was a small bio tech company mm up in you look very proud in the picture i learned
2764. ve got an iphone six and you hand over an iphone four? mm don't wanna that's not and then but my iphone four is dead maybe i should just bring my iphone four to school? yeah but i completely forgot we weren't allowed to use it like in between lessons yeah and so she was like you put your phone away and she completely seen me but she didn't know
2766. a library my dad is a teacher is this in french or english? yeah and she goes what school does he teach in? in french yeah and i go oh he doesn't teach in a school like in english and she goes well just make it up and i was like oh okay and then afterwards she goes you need to be able to understand the question i was like i did understand the question i
2767. it up and i was like oh okay and then afterwards she goes you need to be able to understand the question i was like i did understand the question i said he doesn't teach in a school and she was like yeah but you don't understand the question and i was like no no i did understand the question and she was like you need to be able to understand the question but i i
2768. no i did understand the question and she was like you need to be able to understand the question but i i understood the question what so you said he was a teacher and she? she goes what school? and i go he doesn't teach at any schools and she goes well just understand the question answer the question and i'm like what? but she but she's kinda hard to understand
2769. college and mostly ununder one particular tutor it was all sort of a tribute to i think who'd just retired yeah and it seemed like it had a lovely like community vibe and people loved the school there and like they came back every year for the reunion and it was a big deal and yeah it did seem to have a lovely community vibe mm and there was that dentist who makes giant sculptures outside his
2770. things to do there were wine wine and more wine but yeah it was also like there are these natural springs and mud baths in calistoga yeah and erm we went to like a proper old school mud bath place where they just put you in a tank of mud and yeah leave you to it uhu and that was that was pretty cool but yeah i think we went straight there checked in uhu
2774. we moved a lot of times so i think that caused oh right we only moved once you know like changing school oh right i changed school like three times or something it's oh i never changed school was pretty hard yeah i bet it is yeah mind you i hated school yeah still do left school with two cses which is mm i kind of regret it but i think i just couldn't listen
2776. like changing school oh right i changed school like three times or something it's oh i never changed school was pretty hard yeah i bet it is yeah mind you i hated school yeah still do left school with two cses which is mm i kind of regret it but i think i just couldn't listen couldn't concentrate no i didn't like it for me i was i was just trying
2777. you about the the girl who was doing a phd in american post war literature didn't i? erm we were talking about history and i was saying about how badly it's taught in school and erm she said in her history lessons she sstudied elvis presley i thought fucking great you know that's a i said yeah what did you learn about elvis presley? she goes er
2778. i don't like quoting other people's words it's one thing as well it's kind of like doing english literature where you just look at other people's works whereas at school i always wanted to just write my own stuff mm er i'd write these poems and short stories and and it would never come into the syllabus it was always about er critically evaluating other people
2783. us there cos they do it all the time oh okay and i'll probably go to greece as well i mean i oh okay need to go to greece cos i got a grant from school you'll be the the single the single tourist there i thought you already did did erm your greece trip yeah i know but i'm doing another one oh have you been to greece? yeah
2784. really? yeah mm and was well li you know luckily people like you can do their own research and so on but the they it must be very difficult for some kids who have go go straight from school and don't know how to do that and also i don't have a choice you know nine thousand pounds a year is not nothing i know and what's more now the government yeah have
2785. and these this is the cream of our that's so bad er educated society obviously and and i mean you can avoid all that but do you think that's mostly like the public the public school people or is it a mix of i mean probably it sounds sounds very public school yeah i mean that's where mm they come from and then yeah people wanna be aspire to be like mm the
2786. obviously and and i mean you can avoid all that but do you think that's mostly like the public the public school people or is it a mix of i mean probably it sounds sounds very public school yeah i mean that's where mm they come from and then yeah people wanna be aspire to be like mm the people who are popular and in the clubs yeah and the sports teams i'm
2787. mean i i'm perfectly happy for my dentist or my doctor to have had a lot of years'education but yeah an artist? it's ridiculous but erm at ddad's school they're c trying to get them to cut down on studio teaching and just have it all lecture based because yes it's more financially viable yeah how can you teach art in a lecture? you
2791. okay tell us about what you did at school erm we made a rap and i had two verses and the first verse was called everybody jump and shout it's a hip - hop we're about and i did that with uhu or
2792. so today is well er the first of only four days cos it's gonna be a four - day week this week at school wahoo so on friday you're gonna come with me to one of my lessons and assist me in the teaching of it oh yeah but you were thinking of baking doing some baking for my students?
2796. dream about? nothing in particular well you would've done you just can't remember well i remember what it i remember a bit i remember bits of it mm? it was based in the school playground i have a lot of dream about school mum? mm? you say you've had a lot of dream about school mm? that doesn't make sense why? i've had a
2801. if you can read it and giggle for a little bit and then get back to being composed and sensible not just to be rolling around on the floor or anything no but cos it is a primary school i mean you're only gonna be seeing grown - ups but the thing the funniest thing ever told me was shimmer and shine what's shimmer and shine? why is that funny
2823. yeah i just went oh no i can't remember but i mean we were meant to be impressed but i mean it was like rugby pitches and er i know when erm the the old estate school when they had a cricket match up there for some reason they couldn't believe it we didn't have one cos when the match was over the whole team at wouldn't even walk back
2825. in a crash no it's not for checking out who's who's in a and e this week you would have have you heard in the news that a boy was killed at a school in yesterday? mm i think i saw it headlined somewhere does that make you erm sort of scared? i don't know what were the details? well apparently it's a very good school
2826. in yesterday? mm i think i saw it headlined somewhere does that make you erm sort of scared? i don't know what were the details? well apparently it's a very good school highly regarded so like a school like yours not some kind of inner city dangerous place that you'd think that it's yeah but what happened? i dunno some other kid stabbed him well this
2827. i saw it headlined somewhere does that make you erm sort of scared? i don't know what were the details? well apparently it's a very good school highly regarded so like a school like yours not some kind of inner city dangerous place that you'd think that it's yeah but what happened? i dunno some other kid stabbed him well this sounds like the kind of school
2828. like yours not some kind of inner city dangerous place that you'd think that it's yeah but what happened? i dunno some other kid stabbed him well this sounds like the kind of school where no one has knives actually probably has a knife who? erm something like that is he the one in's year? no no is he he's in mine he's alright he
2829. t know the ins and outs but i heard a thing on the radio when i was running this morning and they were talking about i think at that point they were saying they were going to close the school for a week for everyone to i dunno whatever and this psychologist was saying that's probably a bad idea it's much important that the young people there can be together rather than at home potentially
2830. in london have policemen do you? some schools in london you think have police officers? yeah i'm pretty sure someone in camp said that so mm sorry? pretty sure someone on camp said their school have one well they i was thinking they might have one allocated like erm like when you were at primary school there was a like your your kind of priest bloke who wasn't you know
2832. the volume to like just the right volume that it's i've set it to full oh okay and do you have a you do you turn the alarm off at the weekends or non - school days? er not usually well er saturday i've got tennis and yeah i i think it is off for some yeah i did think of emailing your tennis coach to recommend that he changed the lessons
2834. whole two years that's awful yeah i mean they're meant to kick you out after if it falls below sixty percent but i was doing a lot of drama like theatre and stuff for the school so and you were still doing that? you kept that up? well they kind of made me they kept like blackmailing but i from year nine to year eleven i wanted to so i i was like
2836. other stuff as well? erm that was the only play i was in i used to do a little bit of drama but i'm not very good at it they were quite serious at my school like really? we probably did two or three big productions a year and we were trying to become a performing arts college oh yeah which they did the year i left so all the money that i helped to
2837. all the money that i helped to raise was to get this grant to do that but i mean joseph we did it in year nine i got the lead role just as i'd come to the school mm and then we redid it in year eleven and took it to germany so i ended up doing that and west side story in germany you went to germany? yeah and i mean i was performing to
2839. i don't know discourse of social and personal identity oh that's very neat isn't it? very all good yeah isn't that i've got my my welcome to the school of english and my induction schedule you're very very organised i thought it was pretty good you have to be at this level don't you? yeah how does this uni compare to your last
2842. actually to be fair she's got erm well she kind of knows we met this girl called okay erm well i met this girl called in you know that initial meeting like welcome to the school of english yes and was like talking to me like oh my god like what course are you doing? and stuff erm so then yeah so then so then i met obviously at like the english drinks and
2843. time they said fuck it we'll come back with you and we couldn't find us all a uni job oh so we all went back through the system we were in before the public school but we said look if we do this then we have to get a uni job the next year which we did so when we got that uni job we kind of thought well a year's
2846. s more than six isn't it? look it started at eight monday seven tuesday six no it started at nine nine it started at eight hang on hang on oh wait that's including the school days that's not including weekends no but we've got hang on hang on it there's next week there's next week and then the week after it's eight did i mis
2848. little town on the coast near okay just north of and it's really pretty i think it's quite a bit of an english trap but my friend's a teacher there in an english school ooh very nice yeah it was really nice it sounds lovely so was did you say that was last? january i think yeah like january okay yeah so it was quite cold yeah and still like swimming in
2850. of the one of and his father mm but the one i i obviously didn't pack that these two are taken in i just found them in a cupboard this was in the playground of the british school ah isn't she tiny? yes how funny isn't that sweet? there's looking very sort of it's a little human y tiny little yeah ah and obviously wanting him to stay
2851. boxes like was it about inviting announcing? it's all very functional yeah it's got where you have to write mm mm to write anything and it might be like say oh we talked about school this that yeah job work it's just a basic kind of reference for them to know what the conversation's about oh right? and that's it that's all you have to do
2854. in her thinking which which context are you talking about? being an english language teacher she would've been she was straight on to that context and everything so she said oh is that in the sunday school you heard that and then we probably just kind of relaxed it was like but they no they were both kind of like got really stressed about it because she was like oh gosh did she say it?
2855. it's kinda difficult to explain maybe i'd get it one day you know that kinda thing but i know so she asked me is she working? she is working she's at the school? okay mm didn't go back to mm i think we all go like that when we talk about i mean none of us really had a good experience there did we? no not overly was it
2856. ' s happy what's she doing? the same thing? she's the same thing mm she has to work on saturdays though a six day week wow cos it's a private school or a public school oh okay have to work saturdays but erm no she's managed to get it so that she can leave work at three thirty and she picks up at three forty - five mm
2857. ' s she doing? the same thing? she's the same thing mm she has to work on saturdays though a six day week wow cos it's a private school or a public school oh okay have to work saturdays but erm no she's managed to get it so that she can leave work at three thirty and she picks up at three forty - five mm so it's
2859. and you're not gonna bring any well you can but you'll see if it works like that cos it won't yeah but you can take your photos and videos and back to school tell them all where you've been when you're banging on about getting the latest yeah the latest train and everything yeah exactly yeah it's good actually to have that up your sleeve yeah it
2867. as a cub supervisor did you? at er at and he got this job as a a coach yeah? and er i often s i see him probably around about once every couple of months coming to school yeah? and there was a big tour the other morning on a wednesday morning oh and i went and they were all walking down and there was around about ten of them all from yeah? the academy academy
2869. higher up the ladder ain't they? yeah kicking each other in the face trying to get up the ladder to be cos she's gonna looks like she's gonna be taking over school does she? oh crikey well that's in special innit? mm it's in special it's gonna become and academy the government have said it's gotta become an academy
2871. have been born in what? eighteen o five and they lived yeah nearly lived the whole century long that's pretty impressive that is incredible isn't it? i thought we were always taught in school that yeah look here's a ninety - five years old oh no eighteen - ninety - five huh but erm but we get told so much that oh you're living longer now because of all
2872. like rocks rather than like an indoor thing mm yeah erm remember remember doing it at guides and things do you remember doing it? yeah vaguely and i di i went to snowdonia with the school for a week to do it as well yeah i didn't go to that that was really fun actually yeah i know i'd definitely like to do that yeah well we can look her up and
2873. primark and went to nice you know went down you just went everywhere into well yeah then we went to if they had any bargains and mum texted this to like she got the girls group from school yeah they had everything like and erm wrote back and then we went obviously went to erm and wrote back how do you expect to find anyone like you know really amazing to marry if you keep dragging
2875. was at how was that? that's so far hey it was really pretty well not really yeah but it was far it was alright cos i haven't been ice skating since like primary school so at first i was a bit okay i like hold onto the side and then i i could do it i only fell over once oh and that's cos i was trying to ssstop
2877. a huge pet then and she said oh no i you know i'm just used to choir you know choir leaders who are very serious you know very serious musicians and you know really drill us and school us and i don't like you know these sort of fun ones people who do it for fun dash it all yeah oh dear oh dear i said we can't all be virtuoso
2878. obviously it's meal time you see i so hate that it's like there's an actually way of doing chewing isn't there? yes mm there must be learn it at drama school yeah we've got someone in the sound booth going doing all sorts of chopping and scraping noises and scraping they add coconut shells across a piece of erm well clopping horse seriously yes yes
2881. out round the corner in to the corner shop to the corner shop and buy chocolate and bring it back yeah we had a tuck shop on the er ah der bloody hell luluxury luxury at the school well boarding school you weren't allowed out cos otherwi we were allow yeah we were allowed out in the sixth form because i had a because i had a car i once got ro collared
2882. corner in to the corner shop to the corner shop and buy chocolate and bring it back yeah we had a tuck shop on the er ah der bloody hell luluxury luxury at the school well boarding school you weren't allowed out cos otherwi we were allow yeah we were allowed out in the sixth form because i had a because i had a car i once got ro collared by the headmaster
2886. ##ing ah erm sh her degree was in languages and one of the languages she did was russian oh ah yeah russian sounds so like edgy oh oh as we were talking about it one of the school nurses happened to be walking past yeah and she started speaking to her in russian cos it turns out she's married to a russian guy just casual conversation in a different language yeah so they started having
2887. don't follow i watched i've been to twickenham to watch cambridge university versus oxford university really? yes yeah yeah that was good that was with the i think that was just a school trip a twickenham's a good stadium too were we live within walking distance of twickenham yeah yeah oh do you oh wow? ah you're from so you've come up
2888. y you probably couldn't buy anything for two hundred thousand unless you're out in croydon or layton or somewhere like that you know right on the outskirts but the thing is is that's school where he works is in um well the next uh ward towards the river yeah near mel i mean near millwall yeah? whatever it's called um burnley oh which is you know he could like you
2889. when they didn't they? yeah all this sort of cream sugary stuff suddenly became available yeah that was good wasn't it? but we used to w when we went to the to school we used to get have have a bus take us to school and it used to cost a penny on the bus mm hm but we used to walk to school same here yeah and so and then there used
2891. to w when we went to the to school we used to get have have a bus take us to school and it used to cost a penny on the bus mm hm but we used to walk to school same here yeah and so and then there used to be a sweet shop near the school that's right yeah used to buy like penny pennies'worth of hundreds and thousands yeah that's it
2894. t pay they wouldn't have it would they no they wouldn't they wouldn't get anyone going would they no god i always remember when when we used to go to school because the school was on the a47 as well they used to give us two days off yeah well they did up up here in the beginning yeah we had two days everyone had two days off and then they just had
2903. called again? helter - skelter helter - skelter that's it yes erm and the snow where have we got to now? you used to walk miles to your school you'd i like that photo that's a lovely photograph oh oh look you you you've we'd er erm i really like that photo there was thick snow there oh various sort
2906. out to erm gambia once cos the kids walked about sort of four miles to school and four miles back that's right yeah yeah so they gave them to kids but when they left the school they had to hand them in they were for kids to use at the school they give them puncture outfits? school school now give every single pupil a erm a samsung equivalent to a er a a
2907. miles to school and four miles back that's right yeah yeah so they gave them to kids but when they left the school they had to hand them in they were for kids to use at the school they give them puncture outfits? school school now give every single pupil a erm a samsung equivalent to a er a a chromebook yeah every pupil gets one samsung help with that right they pay a
2908. ' s right yeah yeah so they gave them to kids but when they left the school they had to hand them in they were for kids to use at the school they give them puncture outfits? school school now give every single pupil a erm a samsung equivalent to a er a a chromebook yeah every pupil gets one samsung help with that right they pay a deposit and they have to return it when
2909. s right yeah yeah so they gave them to kids but when they left the school they had to hand them in they were for kids to use at the school they give them puncture outfits? school school now give every single pupil a erm a samsung equivalent to a er a a chromebook yeah every pupil gets one samsung help with that right they pay a deposit and they have to return it when they
2911. ##ers do you remember that bit? yes i do remember that yeah now it's allowed again yeah yeah it's such a shame but that but when the bbc or the itv go to a school to show children they don't show the children they you see they're blurred out or they just show the legs walking along they do don't they? if they're sitting on the
2913. about oh no's got it over there oh right erm and what else happened in the news while you were away? oh unfortunately yes a boy got stabbed at er to death at school what school? not one of your schools where? scotland i see oh but i find that very upsetting cos yeah i mean i was saying what age? oh it i think a sixteen year old well no
2914. find that very upsetting cos yeah i mean i was saying what age? oh it i think a sixteen year old well no i think the thing is is it's it's a school a bit like your school so that where you wouldn't where you wouldn't necessarily expect and obviously you don't ha expect it in any school there's no reason why it should but
2915. cos yeah i mean i was saying what age? oh it i think a sixteen year old well no i think the thing is is it's it's a school a bit like your school so that where you wouldn't where you wouldn't necessarily expect and obviously you don't ha expect it in any school there's no reason why it should but it's like a
2916. is it's it's a school a bit like your school so that where you wouldn't where you wouldn't necessarily expect and obviously you don't ha expect it in any school there's no reason why it should but it's like a a so called good school i don't know why it makes any difference because it would be absolutely shocking if it happened at any
2917. ' t where you wouldn't necessarily expect and obviously you don't ha expect it in any school there's no reason why it should but it's like a a so called good school i don't know why it makes any difference because it would be absolutely shocking if it happened at any school in england dreadful yes so that was the other bit of news oh right which is just dreadful
2918. ' s no reason why it should but it's like a a so called good school i don't know why it makes any difference because it would be absolutely shocking if it happened at any school in england dreadful yes so that was the other bit of news oh right which is just dreadful i know the the last erm person british persons from guantanamo bay has been has yeah has arrived oh yes i
2919. we should go and see it it is this sort of thing that one sort of you know yeah i i'd yeah like to go and see it yeah you'd like t all everyone at school will have seen it well but with all of the expectations i think everyone talks about it that it sucks yeah uhu well exactly and i still want to see it and as it happens that's already
2924. s still one of my training goals and will be open soon who's the other person? um you may have met him he's er a friend like of mine but specifically's from school um no don't know who he is er if you met him you'd remember mm um right is he one of these memorable characters? yeah right um lovely lovely guy very memorable mm um in
2932. ' t know it m it might be it might be true well no offense i so that many have i think the proportion of practising catholics is a separate issue mm having been to a catholic school i know a lot of cultural catholics who would don't believe in god you know also it depends how you define practising yeah regularly attending a religious institution how regular is regular? reasonable definition how
2933. s not even their bloody parking space we've got two parking spaces it was on getting a house boat oh that's a good idea mm actually we were just going to but you know our school's better this is a good idea well i wouldn't start with it it's not really first course of eh port of call is it? but erm yeah so basically not cool mm
2934. noticeably worse these last couple of weeks now that the schools have gone back mm it was it's quite a shock to the system cos you get so used to it to to it not to school and so on yeah yeah well i i've never really understood this but i find that the traffic gets steadily lighter week by week from easter onwards so by the time and okay yes it's very
2939. students that had done you know they were enjoyed school were expected to go onto yeah university but i did enjoy school but it's completely different they say yeah it's not it's not school here it's not the same in the slightest and i preferred kind of not being spoon fed but just knowing a little bit what was expected of me mm because we had teachers who would tell us what
2941. so old when i was younger yeah she did i know and she's only like five yeah was she? yeah oh i didn't know that she's cos she went to baby school or something and she was yeah i used to have a tommy that was it he was called tommy ah yeah tommy and dill and the other one they were all twins that used to like yeah eat shit
2942. re a funny guy i don't know what's the most? this is apparent this is apparently coffee coloured it was a lie okay guys yeah most likely to get married to someone in the school oh wait past or past and present or? yeah past and present out of us? yeah so just you can't pick someone from anywhere no no no no anyanyone that's been to
2945. was in a public place it's like oh right yeah no it was like erm which one did tell you? the one never have i ever masturbated to someone else in the school oh okay oh yeah with someone else? no to someone else to someone else oh think everyone drink to that one everyone drank to that one mm mm and if you were there you would've drank to
2952. boat that was a few thousand pounds mm mm like to get all their stuff back on the boat and they've used up all their money but she's she's she worked at the school this week actually hmm but er yeah they're doing that but ten grand? what interest rate is it? ten grand i have no idea i was just i was speechless that's gotta be pretty
2953. ' s called house yeah yeah basically i really like this village i don't well we'll see what the pub is like but this is well nice and they've got that really good school here which is like renowned in the whole of oh really? yeah yeah it's a good school right huh but they used to have the little garage and the little shop and the and then now they
2955. ##fi? and she said oh no who said that? business owner she's got her business off the ground so she's so got a cafe did they? oh but and a cookery school no s she's got a cookery school what? she's putting a cafe in the cookery school right and er i said oh are you gonna ooffer up wifi? she
2956. ? business owner she's got her business off the ground so she's so got a cafe did they? oh but and a cookery school no s she's got a cookery school what? she's putting a cafe in the cookery school right and er i said oh are you gonna ooffer up wifi? she said oh no i went what's but everybody
2957. she's so got a cafe did they? oh but and a cookery school no s she's got a cookery school what? she's putting a cafe in the cookery school right and er i said oh are you gonna ooffer up wifi? she said oh no i went what's but everybody does it what er she goes we don't want somebody coming
2959. who's the other student who's up in and she's trying she's a teacher at school and she's trying to learn english so she can teach english in a spanish school and erm so she got some was that her the other day? yeah yeah she's got some teaching skills and erm so we just tried a very different approach which was simply we'd
2966. think they're much better now because otherwise they would and she had her favourites you know mm and erm she'd known them since they were you know came in the first years of the school so if you came in the sixth form like i did you stood no chance i don't think people know what the possibilities are i mean i i find it difficult to well with i can tell him
2968. and the that's the lots of others she's yeah had lots in at one time yeah coordinating different things yeah but now they're not allowed that even if it's free like school singing and stuff like that? well no i suppose if a school wants to come in and sing then sing they're allowed to yeah but they're only allowed to pay for one activity and well
2969. had lots in at one time yeah coordinating different things yeah but now they're not allowed that even if it's free like school singing and stuff like that? well no i suppose if a school wants to come in and sing then sing they're allowed to yeah but they're only allowed to pay for one activity and well blow you won't believe the i can't believe it
2970. but you must have had a a very interesting childhood what did you what do you remember of australia then? erm well just a few impressions really erm er not a lot i remember going to school and it was rather sort of marshal we had to do exercises in the playground we went in to to music yeah erm and i just remember playing and er remember doing in a vicarage which had had
2971. in oh right and erm i look for the bits of that we know yes and that that makes it fun yeah and that really does make it fun i mean in the same way i went to school in eventually and they did the eddie shoestring series from oh right oh and i mean that's a long time ago and that was all around at all places i knew and there's that
2973. it erm he's nine now mm and he's really really sporty into everything and then they actually said he ought to start playing cos he was doing a bit of rugby with school and they said take him up cos it's take him up to up at and you know get him going there cos he's he's they said he's he's
2974. like he'll do well at that yeah won't he? well he does football karate and erm rugby now as well mm and he's just been made the sports ambassador at the school has he? yeah apparently here were five or six people they got in touch er the kids with at school and said you know we're lo we're thinking about erm you and we '
2976. thinking about erm you and we're going to have one sports ambassador and we need you to write up to a hundred words why you think you'd be a good sports ambassador for the school and he did so yeah said he came home and said right i'm going to write this and disappeared off to his bedroom and paper and pens and came down they said and they tweaked
2977. sports because of what you get out of it and how it makes you feel not just because of the fitness erm and he said like he he'd be proud to be an ambassador for the school to er to spread the word great and and all this and yeah and they they said to him yeah they wanted him to be an ambassador so and at such a young age as well that's great
2980. on with all these different things as we were walking round but as we were walking round and bless them they were showing us round the things and we went into one room which was higher up in the school and it was erm a science project and went and started looking oh i know if you do that that'll make that and he liked that sort of thing cos he's really switched on
2981. read this last week yes and you know and all that so they were like yeah well they thought yeah okay they were nice polite bright kids and that but yeah that's what we want in the school yeah and he basically said i'm going to have to put this before the governors he said because you don't meet any of the criteria and i said look i said the reason i want them
2982. i'm going to have to put this before the governors he said because you don't meet any of the criteria and i said look i said the reason i want them to come to this school i said we've gone through this this and this therefore we're in refuge i'm not sure where i'm gonna get housed but it will be somewhere in vicinity i need to know
2983. get housed but it will be somewhere in vicinity i need to know that while i'm moving about cos we might move a few times i can put my kids on the bus that you your school bus every morning they're going to be delivered on a good school have a good education in a safe secure environment while i'm sorting the rest of their life out which really isn't very
2984. while i'm moving about cos we might move a few times i can put my kids on the bus that you your school bus every morning they're going to be delivered on a good school have a good education in a safe secure environment while i'm sorting the rest of their life out which really isn't very good at the minute yeah and he said i'll see what i
2985. they were really good yeah he is they still go there even when you went to? yeah they were still going there then yeah that's good isn't it? they stayed in the same school yeah yeah yeah they kept them there and then when we moved to i said to them yep this is where we're gonna stay now yeah i think if you want to go to the local school you
2986. school yeah yeah yeah they kept them there and then when we moved to i said to them yep this is where we're gonna stay now yeah i think if you want to go to the local school you can have a think cos i started to give them as much so they had some choice cos obviously they'd been sort of one day just suddenly now yeah i think if you want to
2987. cos i started to give them as much so they had some choice cos obviously they'd been sort of one day just suddenly now yeah i think if you want to go to the local school you can have a think cos i started to give them as much so they had some choice cos obviously they'd been sort of one day just suddenly get in a car we're going
2988. yeah oh now we're going into the refuge in oh now we've been found by matey therefore we've got to go to another refuge in now you're going to this school no so they they had so much that they couldn't control so i i said you know if you like we can go and look at the local school and if you like it you can go if
2989. in now you're going to this school no so they they had so much that they couldn't control so i i said you know if you like we can go and look at the local school and if you like it you can go if not you can stay going to this to where you're going now yeah right the way through and then obviously there was the secondary school after it so they
2990. at the local school and if you like it you can go if not you can stay going to this to where you're going now yeah right the way through and then obviously there was the secondary school after it so they both went we'll go and have a look we'll go and have a look and we went and looked round you know the school and they seemed to like it and they
2991. and then obviously there was the secondary school after it so they both went we'll go and have a look we'll go and have a look and we went and looked round you know the school and they seemed to like it and they they both said we want to come here we want to be able to walk to school we want to do this we want to of that brilliant so i said okay
2993. to of that brilliant so i said okay and that was again they were sort of six and seven age but i just i thought yeah that's fine you know so i went in and thanked the school very much and they said they were really pleased with how they'd got on and they were settled great really come round mm and that was the other reason why when when they were leaving primary school they
2996. and then there was a new headmaster or somebody came in and made it better and yeah yeah i think so they sort of had their last years there okay yeah yeah yeah and i think to be honest school is what kids get out of it yeah i mean when they were really little in and that was all a bit cos it was chaotic at the time but once you get into secondary school if the kids
2997. be honest school is what kids get out of it yeah i mean when they were really little in and that was all a bit cos it was chaotic at the time but once you get into secondary school if the kids are going to put in the work they can get out what their potential is absolutely yeah yeah it's a good sports college up there isn't it? yeah yeah up at er
2998. ' s a good sports college up there isn't it? yeah yeah up at erm is that where your two will go? i don't know because they are on about building another school over oh are they? which is going to be called so literally behind us okay oh right yeah so and will be in catchment for that as well mm but you know what will happen there've been
2999. ' ll be in the catchment for as well here wouldn't you? yes that's another thing cos yeah but that i mean hopefully by that point my mine go to jein senior school that would've turned itself round cos that's obviously special measures at the moment isn't that a very good one no? oh is it oh i don't know yeah i once
3001. really no no it's like well in that's in special measures as well so is it? yeah but again it's turning itself round so yeah yeah i think erm years ago school had the same teachers and same head teachers for years and years and years and they were a set school you had your grammars your comprehensives your all girls all boys yeah you know secondary modern schools or
3002. ? yeah but again it's turning itself round so yeah yeah i think erm years ago school had the same teachers and same head teachers for years and years and years and they were a set school you had your grammars your comprehensives your all girls all boys yeah you know secondary modern schools or whatever and they di they were very steady and they just carried on being the same the same the same
3006. remember the teacher electrocuted our teacher got us to s to hold hands and electrocuted all of us well that's very nice of him yeah it was great where were you s at school? guantanamo? he was an ele the teacher was an elec electrical engineer electrocutioner? electrocutioner see i told you look pressure washer only eighty - nine ninety - nine
3013. yeah thank you mm there well so are we going to the british museum and the portrait gallery is that the the plan? the national gallery yeah the national gallery? is that where you went with the school? the national gallery not the natio mm and what particular things do you want to look at in the national gallery? erm the w don't ask there was er one painting erm that
3016. a - daisy i'm happy to so to what happened to dessert? to mind the babe mm? there we go look he's always there for you hey are there other s in your school? no no there used to be look at the was there? i thought he was the coolest person ever coldest person? no coolest coolest and his name was and he hanged out with
3018. ##e in scotland they're all jimmies because i i literally grew up with three oh jimmy jimmy different jacks in my primary school class oh really? i i was er i was r our school was row d in a rowing team mm? we i was ro in a rowing and it had six michaels in it and it's erm erm you okay? do you want to be a
3019. and i wanted to be mary mary is a really popular name oh no it's this one i really wanted to be a mary i just i wanted to be with no one else in the whole school was called not one of them i love as a name though cos it's i know but i i love it now but i think as a child i wanted to be shirley or she she her
3020. l er i quite like that the giver of life you know the when when i was growing up it's a fairly common name now when i was growing up i was about the only in school i mean it was a very uncommon name it's was really hard er in those days and in my day to have an unusual name now children don't seem to mind having unusual names yeah doesn
3021. called her eldest one and he lives in scotland and people had such a trouble with with the just they thought well they can't cacall because the and they and goes to a gaelic speaking school though i think it's didn't he? oh do they? yeah i think it's mostly straight in mm that people don't remember a lot of old irish names so you have
3023. religion classes are still catholic the priests still they still wander they like the priests st the priests still come in do they? yeah well the primar well like the end end of year in's school celebration was mass yeah mm okay yeah there's still like masses and stuff mm mm but technically there's not technically they're like so like they say we're a non - religious schools
3024. ' re a non - religious schools non - religion but apparently well there were never any snakes in ireland so this wasn't the patron saint well my yeah that's what i figured but every school asks you though or most schools well actually maybe not yours cos yours is a modern school isn't it? er no we still have mass they they probably gonna ask you yeah you know like every
3025. in ireland so this wasn't the patron saint well my yeah that's what i figured but every school asks you though or most schools well actually maybe not yours cos yours is a modern school isn't it? er no we still have mass they they probably gonna ask you yeah you know like every but they er ask whether you're baptised and whether i mean i filled in every single
3027. yeah but christianity in a general sense and the principles of christianity rather than i think we have like they still do communions and confirmations and all that i think we have like three teachers in our school that actually teach oh really? and the secondaries they always teach you very catholic religion they still wanna no they just well the for like it's that'll be just and the secondary schools are
3028. secondary but and the history teacher like but llike apart from the things you see the history teacher where the communions and confirmation yeah it's probably it is not in any way furthering the school and i mean it i don't no i don't think that's very safe oh no it's not great and it's more like what's surprising is don't
3029. we were very much erm we we had catholic schools and protestant schools and i had to travel thirty m erm aabout a fifty - five mile round trip to go to the catholic secondary school did you? really? yes because it it was perfectly good yeah secondary school in the town but it was protestant erm but erm but the saturday mass come in there and everybody loved it they thought
3030. i had to travel thirty m erm aabout a fifty - five mile round trip to go to the catholic secondary school did you? really? yes because it it was perfectly good yeah secondary school in the town but it was protestant erm but erm but the saturday mass come in there and everybody loved it they thought it was great oh right yes yes and i was in the twenties erm
3036. imagine being a gp is terrible in some ways mm you'd have to but like in our field i don't just mean teaching but teaching abroad mm it's changing just from a middle school to a high school changing countries changing the type of people that you're teaching their age their level it's there's a whole load of variation on top of the fact that you have different
3038. around a lot of people don't like i'm sure will stay in the same kind of job for ages but yeah and like even in schools in england you don't get a middle school teacher that does the work works in a bit for a college and then works in a high school and works in an elementary school no no only qualified for their particular area and then works in a uni
3042. this is something i was taught when we were at school we used to have we yyou would have peer supporters who could be people in the final year who were responsible for people who were starting yeah school yeah and to be their mentors yeah and so you're creating this learn from each other experience which i think gets lost it does get lost because because universities are intrinsically erm segregated societies they
3048. and yeah aattack someone yeah stand near someone hey friend i've been through linguistics recently yeah would you like to do? would you tell me about what have you been doing? in the school as long as it's something in our field is what is like cambridge university press so yeah well it's like diaries legit i mean it is legit but a bit lucky the problem is
3049. so you were getting eighty - seven when were you born? nine eighty - five eighty - five oh yeah nine i think it was then which month? november so you would've been the same school year as me i think we were in the year above these ladies yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah cos i think i was one of the oldest yeah was one of the youngest yeah i was one of the
3050. just felt kind of like putrid and sick i've just eaten dog yeah i ate too much dog i ate dog i did twice it was alright at first first time it was just in my school they're like they were hacking up this leg on the table and i was like ah is that a dog? and actually this time they were like no it's not dog but would you like
3051. you know our principle as well safe yeah safe safe that will be fine for years now nonow drink your sodio and drive home and you'll be fine yeah we used to go to the school all the time is there like a big religion in korea like is there like? christian it is becoming christian catholic christian at the minute it's about the church is becoming massive there thirty percent buddhists
3052. you've done your pgce? i did like the first take but then i was like no i'm alright yeah yeah you did that ah okay i ended up in like the boys grammar school i've heard it's pretty intense and it was fucking insane oh did you? where? in? literally this is the fun well my last thing is that a shit? it was really it
3053. six child protection meetings and the shit they came up in that i literally had no faith left in humanity in the end oh oh oh it was horrible and she was saying just teaching just in your one school? yeah just in wwell the woman that was doing cos you do two placements in your pgce first like first term and then second term and then the third term is kinda like the equivalent
3054. first like first term and then second term and then the third term is kinda like the equivalent to a masters writing your paper yeah yeah and the first time i was in they brought up like a boy school and this was like a grammar school yeah as well the woman that was doing child protection classes was saying like all of these things that she's talking about and all had come from experiences that she had
3055. term and then the third term is kinda like the equivalent to a masters writing your paper yeah yeah and the first time i was in they brought up like a boy school and this was like a grammar school yeah as well the woman that was doing child protection classes was saying like all of these things that she's talking about and all had come from experiences that she had personally had as a teacher not just
3056. that was doing child protection classes was saying like all of these things that she's talking about and all had come from experiences that she had personally had as a teacher not just ah okay in this school but in other schools yeah over the past like ten years one of them involved a boy not being in her class so at the end of her class she went to go to reception to find out if there
3057. go home i'd just be alright you might wanna go to his girlfriend's house you might not you might wanna just get no go find out we never never wanted to teach in a public school in england it's it was no no no no but it korea so horrible i mean teach teaching in a public school in korea wasn't a cake a walk in the park no no no that
3059. no no no no but it korea so horrible i mean teach teaching in a public school in korea wasn't a cake a walk in the park no no no that's an all boys'school it was okay and then we avoided all of this they were like animals kind of stuff because it's in a foreign language yeah yeah but because we weren't natives and we yeah if you yeah
3060. i was left on my own and you got like between thirty and forty students that don't speak your language that are just like trying to understand they just go mad like like an all boys'school they're like animals it's like there's a lot of discipline i had a brick thrthrown through my window once not whilst you were teaching i didn't like no that
3061. did smash whilst i was teaching one of my students well the girls would often come in with bruises on their calves where their teachers had hit them or like my male students got their head shaved like in school like just the whole school got their head shaved oh but that's common these days though isn't it? i was at a bad school i was like yeah i mean so you went to my
3062. teaching one of my students well the girls would often come in with bruises on their calves where their teachers had hit them or like my male students got their head shaved like in school like just the whole school got their head shaved oh but that's common these days though isn't it? i was at a bad school i was like yeah i mean so you went to my feeder school in the end
3063. like my male students got their head shaved like in school like just the whole school got their head shaved oh but that's common these days though isn't it? i was at a bad school i was like yeah i mean so you went to my feeder school in the end and that was a really bad school as well but erm one time i saw the head o so i had to in
3064. the whole school got their head shaved oh but that's common these days though isn't it? i was at a bad school i was like yeah i mean so you went to my feeder school in the end and that was a really bad school as well but erm one time i saw the head o so i had to invigilate exams in my h in my high school and i
3065. ' s common these days though isn't it? i was at a bad school i was like yeah i mean so you went to my feeder school in the end and that was a really bad school as well but erm one time i saw the head o so i had to invigilate exams in my h in my high school and i was put with the head of english who naturally couldn
3066. feeder school in the end and that was a really bad school as well but erm one time i saw the head o so i had to invigilate exams in my h in my high school and i was put with the head of english who naturally couldn't speak any english yeah cos you know it was man because he's old so i invigilated it's really
3067. it in korea any more but no oh it got banned while we were there no right no oh really? yeah but within reasoning we'd still do it like they know like in my boys'school they know their parents like if they hit them a little bit they know their parents aren't gonna complain or anything no we're meant to be looking after this child and then the most common form
3068. be looking after this child and then the most common form of punishment now is just putting them in like different stress permissions and which we had to do eventually they spend i mean like even from primary school though from a really young age but i they'll make them like walk down at the corridors and squatting at the same time i used to or like make them hold a position for ages it works
3069. that's good it was kinda harsh that is crazy they would stand balancing that's but then i do think there's like you can do that yeah there's nothing necessarily wrong at school we had that with that thing in? yeah in schools at the moment kids are like very very aware of like the fa not just in schools i think generally people yeah right are just really aware of like
3070. inform reception that the student had vacated the classroom and having said this that's a reception problem yeah and that's it mm it's it's i mean i think it's school it's the behaviour is not that good in korea you think like the like you say it can't be like they're definitely getting worse and also the parents because they like make the student
3073. and that's yeah but then they wouldn't say that that's unfair in english as in in another language they work them to death the students would be like also they like my high school they're going to h they live on high school they live on campus they go into seven they finish at about six or seven they then have an hour or two where they quickly eat a pot no
3077. of the sort that was what did in russia that was the thing in russia and had like he went to like normal school then he would finish and have like private of tutoring at like an art school cos his mum was an artist and really wanted him to get into art so then he went to like art mm they made school for a couple of hours and he would eat and then he would go
3078. would finish and have like private of tutoring at like an art school cos his mum was an artist and really wanted him to get into art so then he went to like art mm they made school for a couple of hours and he would eat and then he would go and do private tutoring oh god he was really good at maths though mm that guy was like phenomenal on maths yeah
3105. bit brutal i wanna call it a boudoir what did she get? she didn't get money for that kind of thing? yeah she got anoth because what what they do at the school that she's at you go in it's like monday till friday mm you start at nine and you finish at seven yeah so you can't work mm you could only work so she works
3106. oh really? he set up erm they were teaching a level where's my bag? oh yeah oh it's just behind you he they weren't teaching a level physics at the school yeah so in his opposite that oh cool so in his first year erm post nqt he set up the a level physics oh yeah yeah right that makes sense like so people so that's
3107. what happened but it was pretty hard the first couple of times that we went to hospital my god mm the first hospital was horrible cos they were like you're gonna have to have the old school rabies injection which is like ten injections over ten days or twenty days in your stomach they're big and painful you don't need all that mm and they're like you need n
3108. tent crying i did do things like that to cos i was also you know she kind of she might be interested in that kind of thing she kind of asked for it yeah i remember at the school like once we went back after lunch time and er we were sitting in art class and like we like started doing this in our class trying to freak her out she just asked for it she was that kind
3109. flashheart oh no i loved him he was meant to be the grgrotesque one yeah i just i never really i loved the young ones the one i think there was a guy in my school that did acting who looked just like rik mayall and acted like him as well he like copied his style and he was pretty fucking good he's someone fortunate how did he die? he didn
3110. he did piranha he kinda started that trend i don't know how it is sometimes cos sometimes i can't even mm mm erm but you had like roger corman film school give me some alcohol let me see and it's not necessarily an establishment these rollies you can't do any cigarettes cigarettes mm it was more kind of like the terminology and because what he was
3113. has to match that match that and then at the end and then at the end of it americans canadians claim you get it the entire eight per cent not just their money but also so they wa their school makes so they walk home with like five to ten thousand pounds mm so they're actually doubling their money oh no worries and we don't get that for some bizarre reason and there's only
3114. like that i don't but you do your er health ca the health care there is still only subsidised you still have to pay for it mm when i was in that that primary school in my first year one of the children had epilepsy and she had a fit and my teacher was telling me and i wasn't even in like a really rural poor area and erm she
3118. that are teaching like english lit majors yeah yeah so our uni there's like twenty - five or english german majors we were just teaching english language there were like twenty - five teachers at our school yeah out of these twenty - five three of them get five months'holiday and they teach english literature or or something like that tesl like they're probably on a little bit more than us a
3119. come home you can't mm you can't like you we may get good vacation but it's when they dictate it's not mm it's cos when the school's on recession yeah mm you can't just pop home when you need to but then that's the same in english schools yeah yeah that's you're not gonna be able to
3120. korea and he er he he it's really unusual he'd er he's only about twenty but he went to india for a couple of years mm like to work on a korean international school there and he's just basically to earn learn english as well mm obviously they speak quite good english but he came back with an indian accent his english was really mm strange like in my class cos
3123. guys always been everyone's always been close you w we were pretty seseparate i was closer mm yeah cos we went to the same school yeah and then's from my primary school so i was never very close with yeah and not until vevery recently yeah yeah was more recent and then's always lived away so that's what happens isn't it? that's
3127. a little bit more like and then is really nice he always used to get them mixed up he always used to call the fat one that's a bit boyish - looking then everyone in his school though he was a racist for ages cos he couldn't tell the different between them he was like oh they look the same i am a racist but i'm not a racist for that like
3128. s the worst to name it i thought flaps was one of the worst names for a girl but vaghole would win yeah i know you are a fat john yeah there was a kid in the school actually called and they said his first name yeah his name was mm it was like a double like anne - marie or like i mean or whatever mm his name is like is definitely where the fuck was he
3131. fed up i can't do any more church things in my week it's ridiculous i don't ever see anyone else i don't ever do anything else mm like i get into school and i er like my partner teacher will be like oh like so what did you do last night? church what did you do last night? church what did you do la? oh yeah i was at
3132. re a christian doesn't actually make you nice mm it just means you recognize that you're not nice um but i was thinking about even like yesterday like one of the other teachers from my school like i had to keep my class in cos they were being a pain in the backside they were being horrible but i was supposed to be on break duty and i walked out of my classroom um and
3133. have got someone who's training all the teachers that are going to pilot the books that we're working on at the moment oh did you say that you knew those people that came to my school? i don't think i do no i was really interested in what they had to say yeah may the seventh may the seventh there we go may the seventh be with you but i don't
3134. you literally had five buses turning up at once which was a bit useless so i never had to worry about them it is amazing though that is so good for bikes mm how far is it to your school? mm it's where meet where do meet? oh um it's like seven minutes on a bike oh cool it's really close that's amazing but i would love them to be
3135. be anything at all the ma nishtana? mm but you know you just get taught that by the you know it's like going to erm like the way christian people do go to school on a sunday and learn the tunes for hymns's a jew boy mm? and learn the tunes for hymns yeah exactly the same thing but i had to l because erm my brother was too young
3145. ' ve got a little bit to do cos i left early er on friday yeah mm and i've got a visit on tuesday where's that then? that's er girls'school oh not t not too far away is it? no no no but i need to erm i'll have half with you i need to erm look at some of their units before that was
3147. to say look why why are we doing well it's easier like this i mean and i thought well it's not it's not easier for the parents no no you go on the school trip they've got to write their name and address and their contact de we've got them already yeah whwh course they do why are we asking them to do it again? yeah
3148. kept going he was rattling round it was terrible how long was he in there for? oh i bet he were in there half hour god yeah but then she rang and we were just up at the school just coming back there so i said where are you? so they said we're just at i said yeah is stuck in the toilet i can imagine him going bloody mental she was just yeah she was
3150. is going and it's all it's all geared towards running businesses now where running schools are concerned it's not i just keep thinking oh i couldn't imagine working for in a school could you imagine? no i wonder how long she'll carry on work for? oh well she's got to compete with her sister who's already retired is her sister sister older? yeah
3151. that's what you bloody no wiped my mouth out for no that's not what that was what happened there is no way that's what happened no way you dragged me away from the school fair i remember it no way you wiped my mouth out with soap you probably said fuck or something oh right so because it was a different word i can't remember the fact that i hurt myself on
3154. baby gets older if you're still talking about babies when your baby's eight mm bit stupid isn't it? i mean yeah of course you mix with people parents and stuff from their school and stuff just from my observations most people that have children tend to hang out with other people that have children mm because you end up going you know you take your kids to the parties and then you meet
3161. thinking i don't like you mm i don't get on with you so do you know what i mean? yeah that's what i worry about where am i gonna find this amazing school that's gonna be full of parents that are these kind of people? cos you have to spend time with these parents you have to deal with these people mm you don't really i mean
3162. kind of people? cos you have to spend time with these parents you have to deal with these people mm you don't really i mean you must chat to them briefly when you stand outside school and wait for your thing i don't though do i? i don't i don't i mean you should do you should do i don't see them at the school they '
3163. outside school and wait for your thing i don't though do i? i don't i don't i mean you should do you should do i don't see them at the school they're the parents of the children that are er you know yeah the only time you should have community with these people the only time i do is when i'm waiting to pick him up for
3165. i'd rather just eat the food to survive and then mm enjoy other stuff like is that right? you can't smell? mm definitely? mm are you sure of that? well at school has docdoctor a a lot of your senses is in the smell of food rather than just the taste mm no but you've got taste buds on your tongue still a lot of it is the
3168. fact it's one of the best uh bases of engineering and production mm hm and particularly in the jewellery and silversmithing to this present day mm hm to this present day because there is a school of jewellery in the jewellery quarter yup and yeah a lot of the the students that i taught last summer were going on to do a masters in yeah in in silversmithing or jewellery oh yes yeah
3169. looking er above it is easy but when you're in amongst it all these buildings it's difficult to work out where you are yeah and the car park we were told to park in the school so i parked in the visitors'bit which was ever so convenient in the middle oh yeah erm and what car park was this then? erm this was college the college? college oh right is
3170. be so bad that but you're right that we no we do have a few others don't we? well i suppose no you can't do that can you? we you get school friends and then it see we got's mum and it multiplies it multiplies yeah it goes on and on and then they get upset when you're not that's right yeah
3172. ' t know where you'd be going i just it's depending when you've finished well if you it really depends on how your compounds and and if they run it like a public school and you've got like a mm having three years in the public school system in korea was a bit trippy wasn't it? yeah i did do three years in there it's a
3173. when you've finished well if you it really depends on how your compounds and and if they run it like a public school and you've got like a mm having three years in the public school system in korea was a bit trippy wasn't it? yeah i did do three years in there it's a lot of erm pandering to obligation and yeah getting to understand their
3174. weekend and had a good time yeah i know and like totally shared every other experience but you're in the jo classroom on your own you're in the classroom and you're in the school those teachers are the people that you know yeah and once you've taught there long enough like in mokpo you start crossing over teachers and that we did became we we did get a li we
3175. schools as each other and we just like really kept it quite close yeah to the point where we knew different teachers and and now we do some of the same and we even worked at the same well school as each other let alone live i the same building you can talk about work easier because you know mm there was the same people that i had yeah yeah that you knew she's talking about and '
3176. she's talking about and's talking about the same people that you had so we can talk to them about it and still know who is and ah it's amazing yeah but yeah public school systems avoid that if possible see underneath there deal with children too much no i'd rather deal with adults wherever possible yeah definitely children need a lot of attention and energy i don't think definitely in
3177. thirty whereas the reason the classes are i feel like you know you have no conditions up there at that point you know sort of self - trained in a you have to be i really think that a school where the learners teach themselves mm you know my idea before? the learners teach themselves the teachers move about between the classrooms and you always have at least two teachers in the class at any one time but sometimes
3178. d need some good people in there you'd need some good teachers in there yeah but that is a methodology mm i think you could actually sell that as if you could start up your own english school i mean really to start up your own english school you don't need much let's say you've just got one of these zones there's four rooms mm you've got two
3180. a bit like wh why oh girls are horrible that can't be right you're like having a bit of a rebellion and it does become more you go through a stage in late primary school i don't know you're five or something or you're six when kiss chase does go from being something that was a genuine game to being have moments of being awkward or uncomfortable yeah like
3181. i don't want it's not so funny anymore or just awkward you grow out of it why do all little kids play kiss chase? i don't know you get taught it at school by someone someone's someone's carrying the some little boy just starts chasing a girl and she then goes the girl's like no or the other way round girls like kissing mm yeah i '
3182. ' t he? yeah he's not anymore i don't think last i heard from him is he not? wonder what he's doing now he says he's working in a school or something oh really? mm he said the job was good just didn't pay enough just was crap pay yeah yeah hopefully i'm gonna see him soon but he's terrible at contacting
3185. but in the church the church is not dressed you know but it will have erm christmas trees in it because mm they do that for school you know before school term erm finishes they have the school play so it will be decorated but not with flowers and can you have things like so holly and mistletoe and yes yes ivy? that will be around yes you can have all that kind of stuff
3187. carrying a bouquet but the bridesmaids will be carrying a lanto oh mm how many bridesmaids is she having? three yeah are there any old school friends? one's an old school friend one is her well they they would both be their her sister - in - laws yeah oh so erm should get in to do some snow effects well yes yes snow business it was really interesting to
3188. know what he's doing is er peopeople are quite interested i think in the film industry and mm he had he had a long chat with the s do you know? i do yeah school teachers both of them now talking of the s was that the kind of clothes that he wore w that acceptable for a wedding? that's him that's him i know no that him no definitely
3189. up there oh right erm he's paying rent for a studio which is seven hundred and fifty a month for a studio in london erm mm oh and he's earning from the brit school that's his main earnings but er he has individual lessons and er he skypes to russia australia and what teaching? yes teaching really? yeah wow yeah teaching singing? i must show you his site
3190. but they kind of did it as an experiment at our wed at our wedding did they? mm did they? because the s knew them did they or er yeah yeah cos mm went to er school with yeah the the great thing about it was it acted as a a warmth for anybody outside mm you know that that mm that was really mm mm right i think i ought to have their name as well
3196. mama that's where i wanted to to that's what i wrote on something i wanted to do for but i think there is you know that last year we went on a friday because the school was closed on a random friday? yeah the same thing is happening this summer on a on in june so i i do honestly think we should wait to don't tap the table i think we should
3201. next this september you'll be in the same playground yay again so that'll be nice mm for two years you know's older brother? you know and and? i saw at school yesterday at and that was the first time i've actually seen him there so i was like hello and he was all trying to be very cool and just gave me a little like tiny wave hi yeah
3202. had a big tea and lots of snacks last night didn't you? yeah i can't wear and i think i can't wear mismatching sock because i'm wearing long school socks true right brushing teeth time in a min
3203. i guess what i meant by that was i've got a seven year old or we've we've got a seven year old oh right uh and em when we go to em the school nights then outside the classroom for structure we got all our little times where they go in but outside the class is all of the kids'workbooks right so that you you sit and read all you get
3204. ' re saying to you and what that workbook corresponds with work you're doing with them at home that kind of that's what i meant by that brilliant so that's a primary school is it? yeah and then and then you go in and then they do the bit that you're talking about here which is should be she should she should be up to a c level and she
3205. you write it down? mm? em it it's the only way i've been able to learn any kind of foreign language is through play with my daughter okay em my daughter's school is is a school of excellence in spanish oh oh as it happens so she em she started speaking when she em she's seven and she started speaking it when she was literally fi in reception area when
3206. ? mm? em it it's the only way i've been able to learn any kind of foreign language is through play with my daughter okay em my daughter's school is is a school of excellence in spanish oh oh as it happens so she em she started speaking when she em she's seven and she started speaking it when she was literally fi in reception area when they first started doing
3207. that around around the back is it? which? no i'm saying on the on the main bit is it? yeah if you look if you stood on a triangle looking at the s old school yeah it's to the right there's a yew tree and there's another another tree to the right and that's just i've just put the ropes between the two over
3208. can't march in time no mm you find the odd soldier who just cannot march in time he might be a brilliant soldier but he's hopeless at marching we had erm mm at the school a little girl who was singing so loud and singing her heart out yeah singing her heart out she was yeah yeah mm but what can you do you can't it's lovely really completely go you
3225. to be sorted because i need to have a it needs to be a case of right this is a business this is set up it's registered blah blah blah blah i wanna do this with your school will you let me do it? rather than going i'm thinking of doing this and whatever cos i've done that before i did the r i sent letters and i rang up and sent
3234. it's just such a shame to eat it doesn't it? well mum? yeah especially turret but it's beautiful sit down sit down yes? it's not reserved for the school but t whenever it is when er when so when i'm going mm? as long as it's alright with the office then you can go to the with me i might do yeah i might
3236. because we're younger people generally dismiss us as quite unexperienced and foolish when we we do genuinely know it's like so you teach teach yeah it's like teachers in school right who is best placed to judge how well a teacher teaches? students the students yeah but there can never be a situation where students can judge teachers because the everyone they're not yeah ju er thinks
3242. should think we we probably did yeah six or seven hours but em the cotswold way walk goes across their road and it it em go go goes up the path at the side of the primary school that the children go to well two of them went there and are now at senior school and eh but the the youngest em is still there so you've got five grandchildren? i've got five
3248. but that's why bonne maman jam jars are good cos yes absolutely they don't have any resistance erm at all you were talking about school dinners oh yes and the only school dinner i remember as in school dinner pudding is mm really actually this isn't true but at the time it was true when i s i i thought of it the other day was gypsy tarts gypsy
3249. ##e maman jam jars are good cos yes absolutely they don't have any resistance erm at all you were talking about school dinners oh yes and the only school dinner i remember as in school dinner pudding is mm really actually this isn't true but at the time it was true when i s i i thought of it the other day was gypsy tarts gypsy tarts yes now how would
3254. all these they've got my email mixed er my er they've got my phone mixed up with the queen and her ninetieth i think i don't want to go on about school dinners but erm what was your favourite then? i can't recall having a favourite i mean you just had them mm my view rather some bits were better than others they did pretty good roast potatoes
3255. that bit by the medical room you used to queue up outside in the mm exterior mm hold to come in those doors i don't remember queuing in cos i was in the boys'school for the first three years were in the boys'school oh i didn't realise you were yes in the or that one well that the boys'the junior school was in the boys'school oh
3256. outside in the mm exterior mm hold to come in those doors i don't remember queuing in cos i was in the boys'school for the first three years were in the boys'school oh i didn't realise you were yes in the or that one well that the boys'the junior school was in the boys'school oh right and then the o level classes and sixth form some
3257. i was in the boys'school for the first three years were in the boys'school oh i didn't realise you were yes in the or that one well that the boys'the junior school was in the boys'school oh right and then the o level classes and sixth form some of the sixth form anyway were in the erm the girls'school oh cos you were but i don
3258. school for the first three years were in the boys'school oh i didn't realise you were yes in the or that one well that the boys'the junior school was in the boys'school oh right and then the o level classes and sixth form some of the sixth form anyway were in the erm the girls'school oh cos you were but i don't weren't you
3259. well that the boys'the junior school was in the boys'school oh right and then the o level classes and sixth form some of the sixth form anyway were in the erm the girls'school oh cos you were but i don't weren't you? i i hardl i i do remember yes it was the same i can remember queuing up for the the meals but then
3260. a prefect right you know a sixth former you could do dinner duty oh so you you were in mixed? yes all the time you were in mixed and did you have your dinners in the boys'school hall? well only when i was er in the junior school in the junior school oh right mm i see i didn't realise you'd had your dinners there but always had mine in the well
3261. duty oh so you you were in mixed? yes all the time you were in mixed and did you have your dinners in the boys'school hall? well only when i was er in the junior school in the junior school oh right mm i see i didn't realise you'd had your dinners there but always had mine in the well you'd have them in your own school wouldn't
3262. you were in mixed? yes all the time you were in mixed and did you have your dinners in the boys'school hall? well only when i was er in the junior school in the junior school oh right mm i see i didn't realise you'd had your dinners there but always had mine in the well you'd have them in your own school wouldn't you? in my
3263. the junior school in the junior school oh right mm i see i didn't realise you'd had your dinners there but always had mine in the well you'd have them in your own school wouldn't you? in my school mm mm mm with the blue p with the mosaic pillar in the middle mm did i tell you i went back to the last time i went down to? oh
3264. right mm i see i didn't realise you'd had your dinners there but always had mine in the well you'd have them in your own school wouldn't you? in my school mm mm mm with the blue p with the mosaic pillar in the middle mm did i tell you i went back to the last time i went down to? oh right and erm i they had a
3265. they used to have them in one of the there's an academy somewhere around there yes erm but they don't oh it's er yes i know i can't think which school it used to be er it's on the road erm oh there was a was it? no no it's one of the other ones is near just next door yes next door it '
3266. it's an excuse to have a look and see what yes they've done but it's erm it it's a completely cos they've knocked down the boys'school oh and they've built it where the boys'school was cos you remember we went back to just before they started building? yes cos they've kept some of the girls'school
3267. yes they've done but it's erm it it's a completely cos they've knocked down the boys'school oh and they've built it where the boys'school was cos you remember we went back to just before they started building? yes cos they've kept some of the girls'school and the boys'school's gone yes but they '
3268. oh and they've built it where the boys'school was cos you remember we went back to just before they started building? yes cos they've kept some of the girls'school and the boys'school's gone yes but they've put a sort of a sixth form i think it's the sixth form studies building yes oh there right so they are they are they
3269. built it where the boys'school was cos you remember we went back to just before they started building? yes cos they've kept some of the girls'school and the boys'school's gone yes but they've put a sort of a sixth form i think it's the sixth form studies building yes oh there right so they are they are they still or are they an
3270. now or did that get thrown out? no i think it got i think it i think er there was a u - turn on that mm well they're er they are they're grammar school but they're in a a school group with oh yes i know they are but they haven't added academy i don't think so but they're a language they're a language
3273. ' t think so but they're a language they're a language yeah specialist school or something yes yeah oh right but going back going back and like mm you know this isn't my school no er i have no well not connections no interest not in going back not not if it's been flattened but we went er a few years back we went and we we met that very nice man
3274. we met that very nice man who showed us round mm mm didn't we? yes that was just before they took yes the building down because erm it was interesting walking round the girls'school because erm although they've changed some of it there were odd bits of the girls'school sort of poking out here and there like mm the odd bit of staircase you remember yeah yeah i remember
3275. just before they took yes the building down because erm it was interesting walking round the girls'school because erm although they've changed some of it there were odd bits of the girls'school sort of poking out here and there like mm the odd bit of staircase you remember yeah yeah i remember that with the original erm rails or or the odd erm well some of some of the views
3277. off the commerce room was like that cos the commerce room was below the library i'm just trying to think h what happened to the commerce room in my day you went to the boys'school no cos i'm i first saw erm rows of people sitting behind typewriters ah cos i think i my first year erm my form room was the on the floor above in
3278. i'm i first saw erm rows of people sitting behind typewriters ah cos i think i my first year erm my form room was the on the floor above in the junior school in the first year i think that was the year where the school leaving age increased from oh yes fifteen to sixteen no i think i can remember that and i think perhaps you could go in the library both
3279. typewriters ah cos i think i my first year erm my form room was the on the floor above in the junior school in the first year i think that was the year where the school leaving age increased from oh yes fifteen to sixteen no i think i can remember that and i think perhaps you could go in the library both ends but you couldn't go in the commerce room maybe that
3280. way down and all the way up yes yes well that's it they could cut across that link from the mm the art and music down near the bicycle sheds end of things of the girls'school mm mm to the main hall end because otherwise erm otherwise you've got to go erm you've got to go down and round through the hall and along that passage to get mm so
3281. keys sorry cut in's yet so cos i haven't got them you haven't got them so where is that?'s is along it's up road almost to the school oh right okay erm the thing i haven't done also is i haven't put the reflector spotlights on freecycle yet no because possibly somebody needs to be there no no no if
3282. friend of ours mm mm who lives at the back here he lived up the back oh yeah the one you got the sleepers off yeah yeah and told him and someone had pinched everything out the primary school oh yeah they'd just had new computers put in yeah and that would be it yeah yeah and i told him and he said oh he said we found we we found who it was thank you very
3283. quid yeah we did didn't we? oh did you? yeah yeah oh right yeah they recovered most of them they recovered and they'd all got passwords hadn't they? school passwords in them yeah they got these school passwords in em no one got away with it anyway no one got away with it yeah either couldn't get into the computer or mm and do you
3285. no one got away with it anyway no one got away with it yeah either couldn't get into the computer or mm and do you know the only thing they got em with was they had the school pencils left oh right they'd sold everything else but the school pencils well they got rid of well hid er yeah hidden most of this stuff mm yeah and yeah that was a long long time
3287. s not actually that bad like i could commute it especially if i was only on campus two days a week yeah and the only issue is now my mother's been made redundant yeah from the school just like erm the school she worked at got overtaken by an academy and so therefore money is important and therefore they have literally made i think about twenty people redundant mostly admin staff erm er
3288. i could commute it especially if i was only on campus two days a week yeah and the only issue is now my mother's been made redundant yeah from the school just like erm the school she worked at got overtaken by an academy and so therefore money is important and therefore they have literally made i think about twenty people redundant mostly admin staff erm er so i don't know
3289. it's like love it that's oh bless him but ththey're they're good they er ah yeah that's good yeah and their head teachers has changed in the school where works yeah and i'm really hoping that head is erm supportive of her being there yeah yeah hopefully he will be but she's still doing her maths and her english so you know
3291. quite like those yeah? erm is that where's's buying hers? is she getting a retirement place? i think so they're really nice they're just near's school have they? do you think that's what she's having? i've i i i didn't know at all any of her habits is there a bus service for her? do
3293. ##s there'll be a lot of elderly there yeah that's what i'm thinking you're a good mile away from there really? oh yeah it's only at's school yeah well are you a mile from? road's a mile long mummy is your school a mile from mid? no well road's a mile long but they're at your school that '
3294. thinking you're a good mile away from there really? oh yeah it's only at's school yeah well are you a mile from? road's a mile long mummy is your school a mile from mid? no well road's a mile long but they're at your school that's what i'm saying well we're at one end of road and the other
3296. saying well we're at one end of road and the other end is at tesco's so there's even more yeah but they're the little retirement bungalows are at your school yeah and then it'll take them a mile to get to tesco's and there's even another mile to get into isn't it? i thought it was just a couple of
3298. all three of them six eyes they turned their head like that and six eyes looked at the bag and it was exactly in unison he'll be going from being perceived to be the best in the school to being like the the bottom won't he? so did you i he won't like that no you haven't grasped what i've said cos i really need a reaction yeah
3299. sixth and year sevens isn't it? oh that's right oh that'll be good fun actually she's tiny you'll trip over her it'll be the quietest school's ever been for me in my whole life pretty much won't it? apart from that one day at the start is that farmer from still on the bus? oh the the brother gets it
3300. is that does play? he he didn't but he started yesterday er he came back yesterday he he's sort of off and on does play? no it's it's all school people do you ever see? now and again yeah do you say hello to him? no because i it's not regular do you know what i mean? you don't then say to people
3302. ##i i didn't know that it it were like that chemical yeah not there's erm chemical mechanical civil you look happy i'm so tired i'm never going out on a school night again why do you think i didn't go out last night? no sympathy did you have a good night then? yeah it was pretty good did you have mcdonalds? yes of course co
3303. forest okay so it's like you're behaving like a complete bastard let's send you on holiday as a as a punishment so well no but it's part of the school it's part of the school they do it every month but they've every week or every month or something a class goes out to the forest and learn yeah but what's the incentive to
3304. you're behaving like a complete bastard let's send you on holiday as a as a punishment so well no but it's part of the school it's part of the school they do it every month but they've every week or every month or something a class goes out to the forest and learn yeah but what's the incentive to be a a good kid these days
3305. have watched phoenix nights i dunno how many times mm hundreds dan had them on dvd and we used to whenever we used to come home from the pub late we used to put them on giggle like school kids oh what is this? wallet it's free it's free it's free money it's er well lovely oh river island english i dunno about you but as far as i
3310. did you not do any of that in secondary school? or not really? i'm trying to find you a list of the monarchs here i am listening they um they did it in the second school i went to in year eight mm in the first school i went to they did it in year nine so i missed that cos i moved the school moved into the new school halfway through the year so
3311. or not really? i'm trying to find you a list of the monarchs here i am listening they um they did it in the second school i went to in year eight mm in the first school i went to they did it in year nine so i missed that cos i moved the school moved into the new school halfway through the year so i missed the first half of the year mm when they
3312. listening they um they did it in the second school i went to in year eight mm in the first school i went to they did it in year nine so i missed that cos i moved the school moved into the new school halfway through the year so i missed the first half of the year mm when they were studying this type of thing okay the second half of the year basically i got the shit end
3313. it in the second school i went to in year eight mm in the first school i went to they did it in year nine so i missed that cos i moved the school moved into the new school halfway through the year so i missed the first half of the year mm when they were studying this type of thing okay the second half of the year basically i got the shit end of it of something to
3316. didn't really uh so i'd never been to the cinema before like not not ever and i don't think and i remember go think that was my first ever trip uh that the school took but like there was two groups of us and like the older ones yeah like got to see like like a pg rated film yeah um and the younger um including me went to see a u rated film
3317. ' s the same colour so they fade all the same time time how interesting they obviously do that for shows as well yes i didn't know that but if you look at a cohort of school children who are all started out on day with the same uniform and you look at them six months later mm there will be the ones that are faded out and washed well it seems that they're they
3318. months later mm there will be the ones that are faded out and washed well it seems that they're they're permanent no that's gonna be with you know for the rest of your school career there's not much i can do about that yeah there is something that's meant to remove ink really? oh oh and she's not a very bright child students yes it's
3319. absolutely bonkers really? cos she can't bear being told what you know what to believe or what to think or whatever mm mm i see her point though you do think actually in a school these days it'd be pretty hard to teach a hard - line christian line yes mm but you see with such a mixed yeah i'm surprised i mean er i think it i'm sure
3320. think it i'm sure they're not supposed to i'm er sure it's supposed to be multi - religious i didn't think they were supposed to either no not in school i i wouldn't have thought so i mean i don't approve of them mmmissing out morning assembly but if they've er got to miss out morning assembly the to teach hard -
3321. short straw because there was only her available to do re that term i suppose mm otherwise i can't it must've been her availability in that time slot cos we had quite a small school or it was four hundred people so the so the curriculum thing has always been terribly troubled mm because you were trying to sort of you know sort of make sure that the teachers got spread across mm everything that
3322. he did it mm i don't think we even we in our age took exams rour in er religious we took we had to take so many papers as you know for er in the old school and you had to pass so many at er a credit level to to to matriculate which officially gave you the right to go into university erm but of course nobody ever did go in with mat
3323. in those days we did physics and chemistry mm no we did g we did cos that was how on earth did people have uniforms during the war? bearing in mind there was so little material around school uniforms how did they do it? well i can remember that our school uniform the summer school uniform the high school was the most ridiculous it was a pale cream dress plain pale cream oh and my mother managed
3324. did cos that was how on earth did people have uniforms during the war? bearing in mind there was so little material around school uniforms how did they do it? well i can remember that our school uniform the summer school uniform the high school was the most ridiculous it was a pale cream dress plain pale cream oh and my mother managed somebody gave her er a parachute that had faded oh you could have any
3326. did people have uniforms during the war? bearing in mind there was so little material around school uniforms how did they do it? well i can remember that our school uniform the summer school uniform the high school was the most ridiculous it was a pale cream dress plain pale cream oh and my mother managed somebody gave her er a parachute that had faded oh you could have any material pale cream? yes and she made
3327. most ridiculous it was a pale cream dress plain pale cream oh and my mother managed somebody gave her er a parachute that had faded oh you could have any material pale cream? yes and she made my school uniforms out of parachute silk but how on earth would you do what what about the winter uniforms? did you have to wear blue s er you could all just wear wear blue skirts? we er you had
3329. ##spensations for the first sschool uniform mm and then later i remember in the sixth year we were allowed skirts navy blue skirts perhaps that's where i don't know about your school but we always had an official supplier of our school uniform yes yes and you could only get your school uniform from official school suppliers that's right so perhaps it started in the war where certain manufacturers because
3330. mm and then later i remember in the sixth year we were allowed skirts navy blue skirts perhaps that's where i don't know about your school but we always had an official supplier of our school uniform yes yes and you could only get your school uniform from official school suppliers that's right so perhaps it started in the war where certain manufacturers because they were making uniforms were allowed to have access to
3331. we were allowed skirts navy blue skirts perhaps that's where i don't know about your school but we always had an official supplier of our school uniform yes yes and you could only get your school uniform from official school suppliers that's right so perhaps it started in the war where certain manufacturers because they were making uniforms were allowed to have access to i know do you know the coupons to get
3332. navy blue skirts perhaps that's where i don't know about your school but we always had an official supplier of our school uniform yes yes and you could only get your school uniform from official school suppliers that's right so perhaps it started in the war where certain manufacturers because they were making uniforms were allowed to have access to i know do you know the coupons to get them are but not
3333. ##tive and tough yeah take sleeves out put new sleeves in turn turn the collar mm i did that really yes yes at least but then we always had we always had recycled as well i mean in our school there was a huge market in second hand blazers and gabardines and i never i never knew see we didn't have that in erm in that erm i mean most schools now have second
3334. and gabardines and i never i never knew see we didn't have that in erm in that erm i mean most schools now have second hand little departments at the beginning of the school year don't they yeah yeah but nothing like that no that would have been considered very odd because i'm so much older than you well no i had a second my my blazer was a
3335. erm in the dancing troupe at the age of i should think ten or eleven no it was the time of the invasion so i was perhaps twelve and erm we were in a typical little ballet school and doing things like don't sit under the apple tree with anyone else but me well they gave a great concert for all the troops that they were mainly all marines in isney in portsmouth and i
3336. it was either get a new pair of tights every week and nothing else or else you know find the income to get a new pair of tights mm and we use to complain like mad at school and say it's really not fair the school should have to pay for our tights because look the desks look at which the desks are doing yes to which the answer was well go back
3337. every week and nothing else or else you know find the income to get a new pair of tights mm and we use to complain like mad at school and say it's really not fair the school should have to pay for our tights because look the desks look at which the desks are doing yes to which the answer was well go back to socks then if you feel like that i am
3340. said that we still used to prance around in our best of knickers cos at state school that's what you do we had red knickers at state school oh my junior school goodness we had really really big really new very big big big navy blue pants yes right down to i still think there should be a uniform now but there you go well especially if you roll your pants up
3341. glimpse of the knickers underneath that would soon to cramp their style oh heaven knows what they would do but my mother was i remember my mother not having enough money and deciding to make my school skirt from a piece of material that was nearly nearly the same as the school because i wore purple goodness my yeah and our blazer was turquoise purple and yellow stripes my goodness it must have been i know
3342. oh heaven knows what they would do but my mother was i remember my mother not having enough money and deciding to make my school skirt from a piece of material that was nearly nearly the same as the school because i wore purple goodness my yeah and our blazer was turquoise purple and yellow stripes my goodness it must have been i know and with matching tie yes yeah so my mother made this skirt out of a
3343. have been i know and with matching tie yes yeah so my mother made this skirt out of a piece of material that was nearly nearly that colour and we had this big quadrant in the middle of our school with a piece of grass in it and i was walking i think i was walking across the grass in the direction of the head mistress and the deputy head mistress and i could see them looking at me as
3347. ah no well she blotted her copy book she ended up as a physiotherapist and as soon as she said she wanted to be a physiotherapist my school just wrote her off because it wasn't academic enough oh and they just ignored her and erm and then in fact she actually died when she was twenty - five of breast cancer oh my goodness i
3348. maybe the class missed their chance well probably it'll be tomorrow yeah we can yeah do it tomorrow but if it was just on thursday cos i would compl then you could complain to the school oh you had football as well yeah but it isn't just on thursday so that's okay yeah isn't it? but if we don't get a chance and like they say oh
3349. seventies in the uk em yeah cos some countries like italy i noticed with the students we had they all dressed the same yeah i'm sure even if it's they're not in school uniform but they're all dressed in the same fashion well if you look at a teenager now they all look the same you know this really messy hair where their fringe is right in their eyes? yeah
3352. is a nightmare dust dust yeah but it's i've noticed that there's no difference from being in the house outside oh right okay ah you see that's a good point at school anywhere hey listen upstairs in the loft i bought you got what you call a medivac you could have now used to swear by it i like how it's upstairs in the loft with all the
3353. yeah erm i didn't have much of a conversation with her but she was so friendly polish ginger hair little boy?? who's that? he's he's at your school is he? maybe i mi picked it up wrongly we haven't got an well she's bright red hair tall no cos i said is it? and she said yes ooh she '
3354. ##ving themselves too much so what's going on under the surface but the thing is is who who can afford thirty grand just to send their kids to play tennis for a year? they do their school and they play tennis but it's thirty grand and then they got to play extras for tournaments and whatever else the kids are doing but they're all russian and serbian and mhm all sorts everyone
3355. to play extras for tournaments and whatever else the kids are doing but they're all russian and serbian and mhm all sorts everyone from every country really and what they send their kids to that tennis school for a year or are the parents living there as well? no they just send them there like one a mo one the reason like i didn't like my job so much is because of what it
3357. just a couple of times a week and stuff we ended up going er travelling quite far distances to go to squads and learn from some of the coaches and then when i was like fifteen i i quit school and i did di like distance education oh yeah? learning from home cos i did that in australia anyway oh right and erm i i did that from home so i trained eight hours a day got
3362. of tennis she couldn't go straight into university they're very very very um tight on their laws on who can go to where and what like her tennis standard puts her in a division one school in america but she has to go to junior college for two years first and complete that before she can move onto the last two years at a division one school oh right and will she do that in america
3364. move she'll mo i mean she's got the highest they do it on grade point average gpa oh yeah yep she's got the highest gpa out of any athlete in her school oh fantastic so i think she got something ridiculous like a five point two which i think is the highest you can get she got straight as in everything basically feel quite proud of her for that to be honest
3365. france couple of bad relationships along the way and i was off erm but uh no it was it was but uh i got i got myself back and uh i just knew i could never go to school i know i never enjoyed it mm never enjoyed studying i don't enjoy studying either no for me i enjoy working very much i enjoy working and i enjoy doing stuff i mean i have one day off
3366. ' ve got these big bamboo bongs they just sit around like like really burn the back of your throat really horrible stuff and i use to have to go past the security guards every day into the school and they were always there like and they always used to go like this to me like i thought they were telling me to bugger off yeah so i used to walk away and they'd i '
3369. million what? no he hasn't you mean five hundred thousand no five hundred thousand well that's bollocks sorry five hundred million? good god five hundred million well mm just burn the school down that that's it that's the national health service sort of thing yeah that sounds like's b's budget that does no that is no that's the national health i knew
3370. i see? erm so she is though she's been it went for an interview today and i don't know how he got on interview for what? erm over at erm school oh has he? erm and as a you know doing what he's doing now guess you can't get a redundancy package mm? he won't get a redundancy
3371. ' re anonymous yeah dad farting and burping yeah great just what you wanna hear oh nothing like sophisticated people is there? yeah i read an article today it was erm about fine art school the police were called at mm two in the morning so where? fine art school i don't know where this is but no idea no idea police were called at two in the morning as a group
3373. high ground and like slagging off attica and it's like oh good god but but but the amazing thing is two weeks after i bought it and i'd given it to the school library another copy appeared on my desk and i went what's this? what's this? so i checked to see whether i'd ordered it twice erm no and amazon had had to
3374. two or three pages missing i said well i wouldn't've known anyway yeah it was really shit i didn't enjoy it but er i just i so i just gave it to the school library i said i don't want them i listened to it reese witherspoon reading it was actually very good i liked her not as good as sissy spacek so was he? well
3375. the boy went the boy led her on so but how do you prove that a girl doesn't lead a boy on? you don't it's really stupid to think that girls at school don't know what they're doing like i was when we were invigilating some of the conversations you hear between year elevens and even year like tens and nines yeah what they
3380. ? yeah erm no you move your feet you lose your seat love but i have okay i'll save your seat all eyes on me cos i walk like a pimp with an old school chimp oh what i've seen i love it how i'm in france and everyone is playing english music you know dancing hey you're looking kinda cute in that polka dot bikini girl i
3381. not really that open minded but things that you just like yeah yeah yeah you know it's what's like yeah cos i kept giving her my poo diaries like when we were at school together for like seven years so every time i'd go for a shit i'd tell her what it was like and like my bowel movements and all that kinda stuff yeah and every time she
3382. lipstick was that her? i never played do you play with mrs? once or twice yeah and i've beat her both times i once played with her did you? yeah she is an ex school teacher is she? where did she teach? i don't know do you do you remember her? no it must be what people have told me from? yeah but she acts like a a school
3383. teacher is she? where did she teach? i don't know do you do you remember her? no it must be what people have told me from? yeah but she acts like a a school teacher oh she still has style mm don't you think? i don't know you know that takes it all in but don't say a lot yeah who was it that got a bit
3384. and then ah you are growing aren't you? and then it was as well and when i went to sit down as well well maybe you have grown cos i had to buy you new school trousers no that last week they didn't say anything put teletext on see if chelsea won? oh yeah see what they yeah they did oh what score was it? it was one one when
3385. i mean i'm not sure firstly that was no help to me and it wasted my time and secondly just to give someone a lesson people who haven't necessarily excelled at accepting information in a school setting yeah it's stupid i i kind of feel like giving them placements is more useful and maybe doing and enjoy doing it cambridge university service yeah i'd basically say they they sort of you
3386. a minor road anyway yeah er yeah it is an actual b road falls is where erm james brody went it's a very posh catholic college by run by monks a very exclusive sort of school how can it be exclusive when it's run by monks? er well as in you have to erm it's a kind of a catholic thing and a lot of people go into the priesthood
3387. ##m wow but james brody is quite unusual he's quite erm unusual do you know what i mean? he never he never seemed like you know you could imagine him not going to a normal school he didn't seem sort of like he'd been to a normal you know your comp around the corner no i suppose i had a moment in my head as mr university challenge yeah picturesque yeah
3388. ? sponsored well that's not on you can't no sponsor someone to sleep on a night sponsponsored a sleepover not going to bed oh sleesleep on the school hall for a homeless charity on oh i er oh right and it's in sleeping bags i was just i'm going to sleep tonight will you sponsor me? a sponsored group sleep on the school
3389. hall for a homeless charity on oh i er oh right and it's in sleeping bags i was just i'm going to sleep tonight will you sponsor me? a sponsored group sleep on the school floor oh no i couldn't stand that yeah i know and then go to a friend's house for the day that's not a sponsor either i think by the time she'll get
3395. who never came into the assembly they were all exempt from assembly they were sort of jewish weren't they? they were jewish yeah they weren't i'm not hundred percent if at our school whether the catholics weren't allowed in or they had their own they had their own didn't they? mm in fact where in we had a catholic school where only the catholics went to mm i
3396. m not hundred percent if at our school whether the catholics weren't allowed in or they had their own they had their own didn't they? mm in fact where in we had a catholic school where only the catholics went to mm i tell you something it feels ages since i come round doesn't it? yeah yeah in the mean time did you see in the edp they had a little
3404. ' s little sister say it properly's little sister oh thank you yes so yeah we've and so ten people including and and and as well yeah and mm but there's lots of school friends you haven't seen erm so it'll be nice when you've finished that bread i think it's doughnut time are you waiting for to have a doughnut with you
3406. ' t mind getting dirty i will wear just wear i mean you'll it'll be hot it'll be the summer i'll wear i know i'll wear something that says school is cool okay just wear t - shirt and shorts and g and then get filthy yeah? yeah excellent well i'll talk to and this evening and check what time you've been booked in mm
3408. a few minutes past four so as soon as that happens it tends to plummet quite quickly doesn't it? mm oh well yeah so last night i walked erm well i walked to the school uhu er to to that school cos erm the reception is closing at five during winter break oh how did you get into? er the german teacher was there okay erm and then yes came
3409. soon as that happens it tends to plummet quite quickly doesn't it? mm oh well yeah so last night i walked erm well i walked to the school uhu er to to that school cos erm the reception is closing at five during winter break oh how did you get into? er the german teacher was there okay erm and then yes came afterwards and it was just cold er
3415. went to erm and i went to high school and they were two private schools in the same town two girls'schools but right next to each other mm like i almost went to i visited that school and everything the same year that she went and we used to get the same bus we lived in the same area and we never met each other like that's so weird yeah but she went on the
3418. area isn't there? yeah sorry what was that? lavender? lavender yeah which exit is that dad? sorry? oh i dunno if you know mum but you know like in american high school? three? rogavichi? yeah well it's exit three that you need i can't see a rogavichi on this map i know and i thought this was exit two
3419. two really you thought this well er yo i don't know you tell me which exit it is it says three on it it said three on the sorry i was saying that like in american high school erm like twenty - five percent or s i think it might be twenty percent like your grade is just participation in class so pazin ri it says on or or pazin industrial so pazin next
3420. see the name of the road to pick up to get up to get onto to motovun i know it's such a it's such a poor map this to me like american high school seems like kind of easy in comparison cos you do like loads of like you don't really cos you test on well you so you ha your tests count but like they can like it '
3421. yeah he's in pirates but not in and he's in em the new oh and he was in that weird oh probably a film that you wanted to watch about the em the kind of school the you know kind of em detention centre for young boys i think it was in norway oh yeah yeah that looked really good that looked really good was that subtitled or? i can't remember probably
3425. i was running like crazy even though i am crazy i'm going to have to get my i was running as fast as i could book uhu but you're the fastest boy in the school no i'm not yes you are i'm not even the fastest boy of the class i'm about the i'm the ssecond fastest yeah i might be the fastest it depends
3428. an hour for them two snoozing in the back i was no i was i was erm i was with erm talking to erm er another friend of mine who works in a school over in in erm yeah we're looking for invigilators mum you can't earn more than ten and a ha er ten thousand six hundred pounds so? or you'll pay
3429. it but because they were both working they never did anything to it so she says now we're doing it mm but she said it's erm cos both erm and went to school in didn't they actually yeah? yeah mm mm mm private education mm i know private univer well not private university but university i always thought er that and now she's in publishing apparently doing
3431. ? i don't know no as i say i don't know her that well no we just knew that she had twins so what dates did you put down to go and look around the school in? erm a few mainly mondays and fridays i think the next couple of weeks i just put down my availability for the next yeah two or three weeks so hopefully so they'll get back to
3432. for the next yeah two or three weeks so hopefully so they'll get back to you on an email presumably and? yeah and tell me what yeah is good for them is it the same sized school as the one? what the one i'm at at the moment? yeah is the same? it's too it's a bit bigger cos it's two - form all the
3433. quite a lot about ten pounds or more it might be even is it? i don't know it might be even eighteen pounds a week which is a lot if you've got to pay school fees mm and well we'll s i'll see tomorrow what they say and if i need it or not or if if but these pension credits er it seems like that's that's
3434. wasn't on your mind is child benefit yes say i've got to contribute to her well i have actually yeah yeah of course i know you have you know i i agreed to pay the school fees mm so which is more than you actually get coming in at the moment maybe yeah don't don't tell them that you're she's in a private school or anything well she
3437. like parties that have twenty - four hour licences no not illegal oh when i left at six thirty there was a queue for the next one oh my god non stop lolz it was like old school ga it was like i think it's like people they're all sort of reliving their glory days yeah their raving glory days go to festivals or whatever yeah like happy mondays or something
3440. at that dinner and then but it was like yeah but sort sort of secretly think oh maybe they'll go and give me a nice one balance it out and then she was like oh yeah old school what exactly did they say? i was gonna give you a nice one but i forgot yeah you were halfway through doing it yeah i was gonna talk about like oh yeah i was like yeah they've
3443. really know her mm erm her daughter's now got three two children children excuse me mm and she looked lovely the last time i saw her mm mm which surprised me mm anyway no er primary school i'm talking yeah mm so i'm talking years but i i bumped into i bumped into with and and was and like erm wayne rooney's little yeah it's quite it '
3444. hand? with one hand down the a1 from university er in their halls of residence i got back and they got home i dropped the best er sorry the groom off i wasn't even best man school dropped the groom off in i got back and says you've got erm luckily i'd taken took my wedding ring off well done you over there oh god yeah and i went down and it
3447. mm so i'll just take a three day weekend towards christmas yeah may as well yeah why are you looking at stethoscopes? it's not it's the back to school section on the oh e45 cream and bio - oil bio - oil yeah do they have clipboards? they've got aero bubblies on them or something rescue remedy how many aeros can
3448. they'll bring in something else they'll have to do three times as much that's right then they'll bring s and like well mm he he's a teacher at er school there right? mm he gets his work er he teaches and then he has to ha a load of work to take home like marking and what have you mm mm and then in holiday times he still have
3453. thought so erm and this is it here this is the an old pupil of? yes having successfully passed her finals at college yes take up her first teaching appointment oh right at the queen's school for girls yeah which is funny because my first proper teaching position i suppose erm was in oh not far really from at all yes yes and actually strangely the college in which is the the teaching college well
3454. bell oh well no it probably won't but he he sat on the trial for the great train robbery oh right okay well i and it it's just amazing because when i was in grammar school i think i was in first or second year er it was announced in assembly that one of the people from who'd gone to our school had been made a judge and that was him wow and said
3455. it's just amazing because when i was in grammar school i think i was in first or second year er it was announced in assembly that one of the people from who'd gone to our school had been made a judge and that was him wow and said that he's a you see well er in my research wow yeah erm he he his aunt was married to a okay his aunt from
3456. you that right okay no i didn't know anything about really oh well he had a very enquiring mind and he he played he played chess he taught and he would go down to the school and teach the children to play chess oh did he? but he played draughts at championship level and he could tell you that he could win a game in ten moves or you know that sort of business
3457. to work in? yes yeah you did yeah and i had a few different sorts of jobs cos i taught yeah and erm but then when the children were towards the end of erm junior school and was travelling a lot yeah yeah so i got a bit tired and i gave up teaching but i worked as a volunteer to the citizens advice bureau yeah okay yeah but then within a year i became the
3461. which is the and then i because the commute was just too much yes yes and i it was too expensive as well to be honest with you so i got this permanent position at with the language school but they had a whole array of international students mm mm yes and i got pulled into the different projects and one of the projects i liked was being a form tutor and pastoral tutor for erm thirty -
3463. lovely you know that was really great because they were at that age where you could see they're about to gra you know matriculate yes yes yes from high school what they call high school and go off into to universities and do whatever they were starting life so i did actually quite like that age i thought that was nice mm yes yes yes oh i can imagine yes and i had them for
3464. it's still running but it's much bigger now but but that was nice because i was student at which is one of the big film schools in france and then i was a student film school student at erm which was near and they pay for us to go all around europe and meet all these amazing people it was incredible for formation of the training it was a really well put together course but
3468. of my o my grandfather your great - grandfather i think yeah it's lovely to be in touch with them she sent me a christmas card yeah those were the people who were at this is in school oh this is one of er things about iqs and everything so he doesn't mention anybody in particular then no? he says it's all supposed to be confidential oh i see so he says
3469. in in there it's quite it looks as though he's to my mind as though he was their son and college where he received the called to the bar at grey's end in school of economics before the war so then they wow so these are going back now further again what's this surname here popping up? yeah no that's really i can i can't find those
3470. because now you can put the fa because my brother is on his birth certificate is is a yeah yeah and erm i thought about it for a long time and then you know when you go through school when you get to the grammar school and that and they took calling bastard is a new word that they all learn and they like i always said i think that's me yeah yeah and i was sixteen
3471. because my brother is on his birth certificate is is a yeah yeah and erm i thought about it for a long time and then you know when you go through school when you get to the grammar school and that and they took calling bastard is a new word that they all learn and they like i always said i think that's me yeah yeah and i was sixteen when i asked my mother and she
3479. all that but yeah she needs to tell her parents first really and just deal with the but her parents are lovely aren't they? wouldn't they? yeah but they're quite old school yeah they are they're very traditional really? i suppose they'd want her to marry a sikh man really? definitely not a muslim ah mm mm no i just don't agree with that
3480. wouldn't believe that would you? no yeah i was i was i was an introvert completely well i used to be no bollocks what? i told you went to a boys'school right? yeah i didn't know how to talk to girls ah and er er boys were okay but girls they it's er jus different planet ah but even then i'm i was
3482. they it's er jus different planet ah but even then i'm i was something you i was i was fairly quiet at school yeah on erm and it was only sort of since school and started drinking that the real me came out oh smells really nice oh smells of garl and mint basil basil basil? yes dear i love faulty towers i don't think i think it's
3495. the high heels? oh well all the rest are well er you're not but you're not you don't wear high heels to school not at thirteen years old anyway not throughout your school it's silly not throughout school no but i mean they might start wearing them at er or higher heels not high heels i mean when i think of high heels i think of these stiletto things i
3497. no but i mean they might start wearing them at er or higher heels not high heels i mean when i think of high heels i think of these stiletto things i don't actually think the school would al have allowed it anyway no course they wouldn't no no but maybe sh maybe the cuban type heels not er maybe they wouldn't allow much not stiletto type heels that was stupid but
3499. now choose what she wears to go to sixth form yeah they can can't they? yeah yeah and it get it does get complicated well that's the problem er this is why they say school uniform's the best thing that they can wear mm because nobody's better than anyone else are they? that's right and they know exactly what they're gonna put on instead of thinking
3500. and they know exactly what they're gonna put on instead of thinking yeah i can't wear that i wore that yesterday yeah people will know i wore it yesterday mm yeah but i mean our school when we had we didn't ha well we had school uniform if you could afford it but if you couldn't you just wore the colours of the school mm well we had to we had to
3501. of thinking yeah i can't wear that i wore that yesterday yeah people will know i wore it yesterday mm yeah but i mean our school when we had we didn't ha well we had school uniform if you could afford it but if you couldn't you just wore the colours of the school mm well we had to we had to wear bottle green well you had to wear them silly hats didn
3502. yesterday mm yeah but i mean our school when we had we didn't ha well we had school uniform if you could afford it but if you couldn't you just wore the colours of the school mm well we had to we had to wear bottle green well you had to wear them silly hats didn't you? er b a boater or a beret yeah yeah you've ststill
3503. love boaters didn't they yeah i dunno about girl girls'schools where are the girls'schools? what are they called? what? in harrow? that's harrow girls'school is it? there is a harrow goats girls'school yeah but it's not it's not the same thing as harrow eton and eton no i don't know really perhaps it is i
3504. about girl girls'schools where are the girls'schools? what are they called? what? in harrow? that's harrow girls'school is it? there is a harrow goats girls'school yeah but it's not it's not the same thing as harrow eton and eton no i don't know really perhaps it is i nearly went to harrow girls'school oh yeah bit po
3506. had to erm you had to get in mm but i didn't get in i think well i told you before about us all us boys decided that we would not go to a posh school which was then the school mm the grammar school there were some other schools though weren't there? no just just the grammar school was that all? that was er the catchment area for grammar school no
3507. had to get in mm but i didn't get in i think well i told you before about us all us boys decided that we would not go to a posh school which was then the school mm the grammar school there were some other schools though weren't there? no just just the grammar school was that all? that was er the catchment area for grammar school no other choice? no there
3508. mm but i didn't get in i think well i told you before about us all us boys decided that we would not go to a posh school which was then the school mm the grammar school there were some other schools though weren't there? no just just the grammar school was that all? that was er the catchment area for grammar school no other choice? no there weren't choices
3509. all us boys decided that we would not go to a posh school which was then the school mm the grammar school there were some other schools though weren't there? no just just the grammar school was that all? that was er the catchment area for grammar school no other choice? no there weren't choices then you went to school and that was that mm so can't've been
3512. don't know any other s i don't know any other one i don't know i don't know how it worked to be honest with you no but ours was the grammar school and er all us boys in our class and some of the girls was there one at? there's that's a posh school well was there a grammar school at when you were young?
3513. to be honest with you no but ours was the grammar school and er all us boys in our class and some of the girls was there one at? there's that's a posh school well was there a grammar school at when you were young? oh i don't know never thought of different schools we we just went to s er it didn't even cross our mind we just
3515. oh i don't know never thought of different schools we we just went to s er it didn't even cross our mind we just thought we're not going to a posh grammar school and and have to wear them stupid little hats that they wore so we all decided not to pass the er eleven - plus so what hats did they wear? they had these stupid l stupid hats they were
3516. did they wear? they had these stupid l stupid hats they were funny peaked cap ones caps but they were they were had these covers on em on them most had caps didn't they? mm school cap anyhow that was that we decided as a gang not to pass no and we didn't pass but our teachers knew what we were up to that was the problem you see we finished all all
3518. finished up in the as so i i think the s teachers knew what we were capable of when i was at school anyone who was at er secondary modern could make their way up oh right to grammar school we had quite a lot come up every year did you? yeah oh well we didn't want to go that was that we didn't want to talk posh you see don't have
3519. want to talk posh you see don't have to talk posh oh yes you did that's what we thought yeah okay we thought they're going to teach us all a grammar school they're going to teach us grammar right how to talk properly what a shame i wonder where you'd've been if you'd've gone well i'd've probably been
3520. lot more well i tell you what i would rather hhave the skills i've got now as a you know engineer and woodworking and all that sort of stuff than go to a grammar school and just have the skills of l knowing how to count you learn other things as well such as? well you'd've learnt all the s all the rest as well latin that's only
3521. this is where secondary modern and what? you'd've charged for it? well of course i'll do your homework if you pay me that's right and it happened at our school oh i just help people out i like i i like erm working out things i liked all the erm working out the side of the triangle and things like that oh i i have to say that
3522. whole point of algebra to train your mind mm whereas er we we couldn't see that we just couldn't see that at all but there you go when we were in er in er primary school well er or the infants they call they called it then we had to learn our tables before we went up to the junior school yeah so did yeah she was told she she has to l she has to
3523. at all but there you go when we were in er in er primary school well er or the infants they call they called it then we had to learn our tables before we went up to the junior school yeah so did yeah she was told she she has to l she has to know them all yeah and so we be able to chant them we had to chant them mm every day and yeah and that '
3527. got picked to run for for er right? just running mm i got picked for for f from school oh right to run for and that went down to three of us and i had to go to school to run mm and i was running against two other people and the f one who come first would've been picked for you see right and i come last er didn't i? right so when
3528. running against two other people and the f one who come first would've been picked for you see right and i come last er didn't i? right so when i got back to to school they said er how did you get on where did you come and i would say i don't know out of three of i was dear so ashamed of coming last i didn't want to tell
3531. and robert frost poets poems that's what i i remember most but we had set books we had to oh we didn't study yeah i know our our we had a fantastic library at our school it was a fantastic library and that had loads and loads and loads of books in and we used to have to have we had forty - five minutes in the library mm yeah to read pick a book out
3532. that you've got out on that blanket needs to go back into the tray okay? cos you can't sleep in the same room tonight oh and then pe kits will be needed mm school uniform laid out and all that nonsense i'll tell you something that's nonsense school it's not nonsense stop moving your chair stop no m stop moving it not carry on moving it thank you
3533. cos you can't sleep in the same room tonight oh and then pe kits will be needed mm school uniform laid out and all that nonsense i'll tell you something that's nonsense school it's not nonsense stop moving your chair stop no m stop moving it not carry on moving it thank you it'll be nice to go back to school see all your friends yeah uhu and
3534. tell you something that's nonsense school it's not nonsense stop moving your chair stop no m stop moving it not carry on moving it thank you it'll be nice to go back to school see all your friends yeah uhu and do some learning you should go on your bike a bit more i'm going to ask to see if he can help me lower your bike seat and you need
3535. ' t that young and you said don't watch it it's too distressing or it's too disturbing or something oh did i? yeah uh you were watching it for english for school i think that it's um less i i i d i'm not sure that the film version because they curtail it there's another generation and it miss out and i don't
3536. on the right hand side there yesterday when i was cycling from hockey it's sort of the hockey pitch i was at is off road mm um it's hockey pitch right i know where the school is um i don't think it's by the school i think it's it's you know road? and close the road which is the next one i don't know side
3537. it's sort of the hockey pitch i was at is off road mm um it's hockey pitch right i know where the school is um i don't think it's by the school i think it's it's you know road? and close the road which is the next one i don't know side i i didn't know that one yeah well it's
3539. like what the hell? i saw drive off yesterday in her car really? for her driving lesson oh couldn't catch her up what? i was very pleased though but up to the point of school though i was up to twenty miles an hour he was like it's twenty i was like oh right yeah are you getting really confident are you? mm i'm alright yeah mm? i '
3540. it i played with it yeah like yeah beautiful that is yeah ah look at that and i'm going there in like less than thirty days oh that is lovely are you? mm yeah with the school you want to get one printed out er? mm dunno finished your drink? mm i know but i don't think it's that big in actual fact i think this one details of it
3542. story in a book didn't you? yeah yeah too right mm the example just used well you got her story in you sneaky girl in a book up there yeah that's just a school magazine yeah the school magazine she got it in mm and it was er oh called father christma when father christmas had the hiccups when father christma yeah and erm er mrs you didn '
3543. didn't you? yeah yeah too right mm the example just used well you got her story in you sneaky girl in a book up there yeah that's just a school magazine yeah the school magazine she got it in mm and it was er oh called father christma when father christmas had the hiccups when father christma yeah and erm er mrs you didn't have mrs did
3544. yeah oh shouldn't have told you that should we? she's so naughty and that's why they had to leave they both had to leave i think they both had to leave the school well mr had to leave anyway and go to another school he went to didn't he? well i think he just went to didn't he just go to or something? i dunno he
3545. ? she's so naughty and that's why they had to leave they both had to leave i think they both had to leave the school well mr had to leave anyway and go to another school he went to didn't he? well i think he just went to didn't he just go to or something? i dunno he didn't go far away so they could still see
3546. it like i love all crime shows and police mm and ev sorry i didn't mean to hit you no okay i like everything it's so good yeah well er you know's yeah school friend? she's doing erm criminal minds at er university mm yeah yeah i think i would probably do and the criminal mind yeah i started watching a thing about murderers and like if they have if
3547. long it's too irritating yeah that get it's irritating and then when when you've got a big beard you have to eat your food every time three times a ti guys like at school they do movember so they grow a moustache mm yeah but that's erm it's for yeah for charity yeah it's for charity that's funny though you just see
3549. you can drink something that has a that's a stupid name for stuff that is aloe vera that's good for stinging nettles and a black eye mm someone s drinks it at school but there's aloe vera water it don't smell nice oh yeah and it doesn't taste nice yeah it's like yeah yeah a lot of people fall for all these sort of
3552. the nerve point and you can stop people straight away you used to do that to me yeah ah well that's nothing that didn't hurt so we didn't yeah boys do that at school and like they and it like forwards i'm just gonna show alright i'll show off i don't you've made jump then yeah no i it did of your leg oh i '
3553. that doesn't mean you can do it on me and be like ah pay you back you should say thank you to your sister yeah she now uses it against people good idea i do it at school i only learnt it cos my friend did it with her fake nails on which killed oh there there is a one where you can drop a person straight away show you that one oh dear actually got behind
3557. ' m not having any of it it's all hers that would be excellent i'm doing that next time okay erm oh it's yummy sorry? yummy the erm school uniform yes the erm what am i talking about? erm will coming to stay oh yes it might be an idea hmm? might be an idea shall i text him? yeah if you want to
3558. leaders cos they get sort of free labour and i'm occasionally looking for a bitch to do some of my board work yeah work experience ha ha oh yeah ha ha yes do you do like school's work experience or did you just really not have anything that could be done? no it's all pretty skilled i mean it's a great work experience far better than my one was it
3561. then six weeks then a holiday then six weeks and you always used to think that six weeks were going to be the longest time ever but now six weeks goes by in a flash i know and the school term seemed to last forever yeah it never used to end when actually it was only like what twelve lessons of maths or something and actually it felt like it just went on and on and on but now
3562. the twenty - five quid off and sent us a voucher in the post as well as like compens just as like oh right a gesture oh that's good yeah yeah but our school has just got a load of new computers this year and they're all fitted up with microsoft 2013 office 2013 think how much that'll cos them well i mean they'll probably get a
3565. everything oh really? the apple watch yeah yeah? the other teachers were joking they in assembly saying er have you seen apple watch? they were saying they kn you know who gets paid well at this school when the saw the deputy head going round with theirs and yeah gosh so how much are they? i bet they're expensive yeah i don't know how much they are i've seen
3566. been in the house? i certainly haven't for many many years but i may have done yeah on an early visit to where you used to live yeah i think i remember we went there with school when i was primary school i think but i don't think since then i'm not sure i've been in the house i remember them all going to a lake which apparently was the other
3568. the other end but yeah yeah that's by the folly yeah which is falling down ironically yeah so they're having to rebuild the folly oh mm cos erm we used to our primary school was you could walk across the field and end up at the folly oh right so sometimes we used to go there from school oh mm you didn't have a drive around? no no we didn '
3572. alright but i like it i like this jumper this is soft ish well it's comfortable it's not itchy i can't deal with things that are itchy yeah it the school but school jump it's good that school jumpers aren't comfortable yeah and they're not and they're not woolly and itchy or yeah yeah we're like the only
3573. i like it i like this jumper this is soft ish well it's comfortable it's not itchy i can't deal with things that are itchy yeah it the school but school jump it's good that school jumpers aren't comfortable yeah and they're not and they're not woolly and itchy or yeah yeah we're like the only school that
3574. this is soft ish well it's comfortable it's not itchy i can't deal with things that are itchy yeah it the school but school jump it's good that school jumpers aren't comfortable yeah and they're not and they're not woolly and itchy or yeah yeah we're like the only school that has to wear blazers yeah everyone else
3575. school jump it's good that school jumpers aren't comfortable yeah and they're not and they're not woolly and itchy or yeah yeah we're like the only school that has to wear blazers yeah everyone else just wears jumpers and so i when turned up to or a tie or something gcse everyone looked at me and all my friends are like oh you '
3576. have ties and blazers and it's like blazers and they're both ridiculous like bright colours yeah and it's like really but just stands out i'd actually way prefer i actually prefer school uniform to wearing normal clothes so do i because it's really hard to find something to wear yeah and then you don't wanna wear the same thing so many times cos i basically just wear
3577. then yeah and then i never know what to wear on a non uniform day so how am i meant to figure out what to wear every day? yeah exactly i i am actually glad we have a school uniform yeah but i don't i don't like the skirts and stuff i don't like mm because i don't like how we have to or i don't mind i i
3583. ' s she's very peculiar yeah the bikes was a good idea cos the kids walk walk walk tens of miles to get to school there to get there yeah oh right so sh they the school held the bikes and gave the bikes to those that came the longest mm and they had to hand them in when they left the school oh and that and they maintain the school maintain them yeah that's
3584. to school there to get there yeah oh right so sh they the school held the bikes and gave the bikes to those that came the longest mm and they had to hand them in when they left the school oh and that and they maintain the school maintain them yeah that's okay if they don't get a puncture on the way so that and that was good and then you've got to
3585. right so sh they the school held the bikes and gave the bikes to those that came the longest mm and they had to hand them in when they left the school oh and that and they maintain the school maintain them yeah that's okay if they don't get a puncture on the way so that and that was good and then you've got to get off and push it all the way
3588. you obviously can't publish if you're a rugby idiot going to they can't say that but you you know if you're savvy you'll look at the public school ratios yeah erm and you also get to talk to students i think is what you know the the last point like people who are in the know can do that but if you're just from some
3589. ##m and you also get to talk to students i think is what you know the the last point like people who are in the know can do that but if you're just from some random state school and you really don't know how to go about it the visual access policy it's useless it's yeah if it's not helpful in terms of getting that inside look erm but
3590. targeted at which is helping no disadvantaged students get even a more even footing it'd just be none of it has been erm i'm applying for english i have no english teacher at my school can you tell me a little bit about what the interview is going to be like so i can compare it's all it it's not about that it's being like it's just
3591. s not if these are serious concerns that are affecting access access is nothing to do with university it is to do with schools schools and the education a child receives and and the g general attitude of the school is critical and some schools have a very bad approach and you know they should be going to schools and teaching headmasters and headmistresses and head teachers sorry and teachers and coordinators and they should be
3592. ' s just a piss take of you need to change yeah it looks good but it's doing fuck all i mean i think yes it might make a difference in if one pupil from a disadvantaged school is involved in some kind of access or target scheme and goals and then they go back to their old school and say apply it's for the likes of us yes but that's different that that
3593. all i mean i think yes it might make a difference in if one pupil from a disadvantaged school is involved in some kind of access or target scheme and goals and then they go back to their old school and say apply it's for the likes of us yes but that's different that that's giving them but if they're on a scheme like that that that's the job done
3595. per cent of people who won't do a - levels yeah because just to get you get them to a - level so if ninety per cent of schools are doing a - levels versus at a school where there's no way you would get in unless you were going to get good a - levels what the fuck do you think is going to happen? exactly and you just you'd just be
3598. you like harry potter? harry potter is sick i like the films i actually bought four of their books and never read one of them the books are amazing number three is fucking quality because everyone did at school they bought the books oh i will buy some books just for decoration yeah i never read them i remember taking the goblet of fire to a book day oh no they said tell us about it i
3599. a banquet in the back just pop down maccy d's yeah yeah oh dear oh well yeah it was funny it was very funny though very nice and good and came last night with from the school so they well had a couple of beers not me er and nice we talked about er the holocaust isis british politics er sort of every kind of controversial topic that you could and how was's outlook?
3601. should be sort of not not necessarily read in schools but sort of recommended to young people young men mm yeah the issues should be addressed yeah yeah yeah yeah i don't remember having any form of school education over sex or rape or consent nothing no no yeah i don't know look at all the birds on the lamppost they've all paired off this lamppost ah they're quite close
3603. was able to do open but if they were under eighteen i wouldn't have been able to but it was adult education so erm she did it anyway without going through the proper channels at the school so it's fine like they knew i was there but er she was really nice and she was like yeah we're all under thank you we're all under the threat of redundancy
3609. there next year and school's compulsory now until eighteen isn't it? yeah he says they've erm mm we he's is that true? it's quite a big school isn't it? i don't know you've lived here longer than i don't tell me stuff i don't know that's what that's what i heard yeah
3612. to know that korea has a really good education system or at least so i hear it's like second in the world sometimes well i know like the one i know is mostly singapore yes and that school right level is more than i mean i know the university's meant to be reasonable but i mean korean's i'm not gonna lie like at you know middle school they're doing some
3613. singapore yes and that school right level is more than i mean i know the university's meant to be reasonable but i mean korean's i'm not gonna lie like at you know middle school they're doing some pretty complicated mathematical equations that we would still be doing with a calculator at like probably lower university maybe even up i i don't know i still i really don '
3618. quickest the quickest is not always the simplest no not necessarily i guess you have to take a way up which one is it? yeah it's interesting oh wow and i'd like school if or even sport cos i actually quite like sport now yeah yeah no classes when i was fourteen it was disgusting it wasn't just the fact pe teachers it was the other yeah the really bad
3619. d get a place at no yeah might squeeze into somewhere like is it more competitive there? very competitive competitive so they go by your grades i think like you pick your top few choices and then the school decides how they want oh wow at they'll probably just go down the list places we'll take the top one hundred that said they wanted to come here yeah didn't think about i think
3620. i really liked cos it was mixed but it was really far away yeah and they often chatham and was full so i said to my mum and dad that probably was wasn't a very nice school there were loads of bitches yeah lot of girls are bitches i had to spend a day hanging around with like this group of girls that were really horrible it was like well i remember going to an
3621. horrible it was like well i remember going to an open day don't think i ever said it to my mum but i remember all the girls there were i'm not going to a grammar school this is horrible it really put me off at that age anyway i just so then i was just like well just go to yeah until and then sixth form was different that's was the best i wasn
3622. for them to go somewhere like so at least they've got yeah yeah recently spent the money on bizarre idea that like not in america one of our friends because you can't have a religious school as a private school schools are religious so have association they have erm they have like universities yeah yeah it's kind of weird it's kind of a weird process they do in korea as well
3623. somewhere like so at least they've got yeah yeah recently spent the money on bizarre idea that like not in america one of our friends because you can't have a religious school as a private school schools are religious so have association they have erm they have like universities yeah yeah it's kind of weird it's kind of a weird process they do in korea as well they have christian universities
3624. yeah yeah it's kind of weird it's kind of a weird process they do in korea as well they have christian universities don't know yeah cos you were the heathen catholic school oh right yeah at our school i was there were a couple more that came and went but you were there the whole way through yeah erm early on do you remember? oh yeah he was did you
3625. of weird it's kind of a weird process they do in korea as well they have christian universities don't know yeah cos you were the heathen catholic school oh right yeah at our school i was there were a couple more that came and went but you were there the whole way through yeah erm early on do you remember? oh yeah he was did you first confession it was me and
3626. it's ridiculous i've literally got you're looking at him he's looking at you a powerpoint of about four hundred jargon words that just we don't mind grammar school though do we? no the only time i learnt any kind of grammar was really when i did a brief bout of latin yeah yeah you did do a brief bout of latin to learn languages you need to
3628. cacan you understand the satnav? you know have you tried that? er i haven't tried yet no no i can go to and i can go to mm i can go to school and yes i can go mm yeah well routes i wouldn't want to go much further no i can take us out to yeah well that's i've got some options you could yeah yeah
3629. set time mm and there's a big traffic jam on the a64 mm that's a really useful route to know suppose well your mum she did really well when you went up to that school mm and er you went up a few times didn't you oh yes to and then dad said alternatively you could yeah no no no no don't tell me don't tell me about it
3630. time mm once you get to here it's like ten minutes from here but that that's the problem isn't it? but then at least you know not that it would have been school traffic at the at time any way but the schools aren't in but then that means that the town traffic like shop closing time that's going to be busy yeah it didn't take me
3633. hell did that happen? create their publishing program in relation to the curriculum its fucking men she's going to be on ridiculous money but she's only just been appointed as this head of em school book publishing literally a matter of months ago so i read the i actually read this announcement one of the few that i actually do which you hadn't deleted yeah yeah cos everyone was like have you
3634. mm oh yeah i can't remember cos who was it? it was summer and boyd yeah boyd drove up into the distance didn't he? yeah summer went to sw went to a school and never came back she did come back oh did she? she was a different person though oh i hate it when they do that it's so annoying and she has like it was like when they
3637. do they? there's not really any characters no in school i think they've tried to grow up a bit it out a bit yeah cos there used to be loads of scenes in school like who does go to school? the only people who go to school are mason not mason what's his face bailey is he in it anymore? no bailey wanted to go and stay with a family
3640. oh good where are you doing that? erm in oh right is it like a at a gym or is it? erm yeah it's like academy which is like it's a school but they've like built a purpose - built gym there now so like there's proper sports halls and like a nice gym and a pool and stuff so i think i'm gonna join the
3644. was just obsessed with wordsworth and coleridge that was my big obsession when i was yeah i can't remember anything about them now erm i don't i went through an entire er school without reading any wordsworth yeah i can i can believe that you know i didn't read any wordsworth at school and it's not very palatable for younger people coleridge and shelley however
3646. in like england though is she? erm well maybe i'll see what courses they have for that yea er erm at the sort of at the sorbonne? er no at the british school of athens or american school of athens and then we could look i definitely think you should see what your options are academically and you know you can get all sorts of scholarships like a fulbright and that kind
3647. she? erm well maybe i'll see what courses they have for that yea er erm at the sort of at the sorbonne? er no at the british school of athens or american school of athens and then we could look i definitely think you should see what your options are academically and you know you can get all sorts of scholarships like a fulbright and that kind of thing er all the
3648. investigating what what sort of what there is erm cos that would be but part of the reason part of the reason for erm waiting to appl a year to to apply for this more school is that i'll have a long piece of writing to send them and i will erm have my results cos i don't think i i'd prob i'm pretty sure
3654. price how is? must be she's quite old now is incredibly boring incredibly boring? you know whether she should send to a private school or a state school? beg your pardon? talking about school to send to oh my god that sounds like pulling teeth i know man i couldn't get out of there quick enough you are so lucky i got divorced jesus christ aren't you? yeah i
3656. about that cos i go to your special little parking place but yeah today is definitely the day that people get picked up so what is the outcome? is going to send to i think a state school a state school? oh how classy how old is? oh i dunno twenty - six maybe? i have no idea that's amazing amazing and she's living all by herself in?
3657. ##s i go to your special little parking place but yeah today is definitely the day that people get picked up so what is the outcome? is going to send to i think a state school a state school? oh how classy how old is? oh i dunno twenty - six maybe? i have no idea that's amazing amazing and she's living all by herself in? yeah that '
3658. just like just kidding but other people i just hate them but it's old news well it's really not i mean don't your teachers they did it for my three years of primary school as well well i didn't think they did it much whenever anyone else asked you about it it was like well it wasn't much just every now and again the first year and a half they
3659. ? that sort of thing? yes yeah very yeah very performance - driven and target - driven yes and not yeah achievement - driven tut and yeah so the the different layers of the society inside the school don't you know they kind of chafe against each other they don't facilitate right overall right what sort of age group were you teaching? they're secondary oh right so quite tough?
3661. not the mm raw materials with which to tut get them there with yes it's fff really tough really really tough mm i mean er fff you imagine things like bringing a pen to school would be something that's dealt with top down and from all directions absolutely er and yet no it wasn't no pen? no no pens the uniform checks things like that you know if you '
3662. let yeah everybody believe that oh well it's there but we don't have to respect it so tut we're just not gonna respect anything including not bringing a pen tut to school so you know you lose the first fifteen minutes yeah tut basic stuff isn't it really exactly yeah if you if you haven't got that sort of mhm er discipline and uniformity then
3663. ##hill struggle aren't you i would say exactly and i i i think the successful schools that you hear about in the news i i mean i d i just do a bit of voluntary work in school but i really? i i thi i just feel that mhm you know you hear about successful schools i mean it is it's about the leadership isn't it mm and i think it
3666. it is very very hard i mean i as i say i just do a little bit with er seven - year - olds mm really? and um tut er you know the is it a local school? yes in er in hampton okay and er i just do an afternoon and i just really you know do a little bit of reading or uh - huh help out with science or whatever they're doing
3668. well so they say don't they no er very exciting quite nice yeah so there you go so that's the plan do you think you'll carry on doing the voluntary stuff in the school? i think so yes cos i really enjoy it i get a lot out of it and uh - huh yes it's nice er the little people they come out with some very funny things don
3671. ##d it was savaged as a mm country but mm i just find it fascinating mm history and people's yeah lives i think actually more than yeah history cos i i found that we at school at history we were doing iron man you know the iron age one not iron man that's a x - men? erm oh yeah no i i am iron man that's erm black
3674. ##s if you mm because when you're like the if you know from strong from being a kid you don't have any worries when you then start school you get really busy and then from school to work you're always busy mm mm mm if you have kids you're always busy mm and then when you get to the point of retirement and getting older you've certainly got a lot
3675. to be no order to which words they underline but there's plenty of colours diagrams and things and there's a few jokes at the bottom as well it's the ones that every school uses really i think that yes i've seen i've seen them yeah i you know for aall subjects yes they do all subjects all exam boards yeah cgp our own exam you know your
3676. syllabus is covered in there but in the yeah because this is the aqa edition exam board aqa you can buy one for edexcel ocr whiche whichever board you do our school has sort of like a thing for aqa most of them are on that exam board so we're lucky so so you're lucky yeah yeah yeah there's one or two that aren '
3677. to do aa is it study leave? no it's in the lesson no we don't get study leave no but will you? well this these are just sort of like s tests in school they're not official run by the school they're run by the department ah yes for these the actual mocks are run by the school yes but still you don't get it then these
3678. it's in the lesson no we don't get study leave no but will you? well this these are just sort of like s tests in school they're not official run by the school they're run by the department ah yes for these the actual mocks are run by the school yes but still you don't get it then these are sort of like assessments that you would do
3679. this these are just sort of like s tests in school they're not official run by the school they're run by the department ah yes for these the actual mocks are run by the school yes but still you don't get it then these are sort of like assessments that you would do in year seven eight nine ten and everything it's it's all of that of that yeah
3680. will be i like it there i like it there i know the person who washes up there yeah who? i know the person who washes up washes the dishes is it somebody from your school? yeah now i was talking to some oh yeah er i went with to pizza express today i had to use up one set of vouchers oh right today so we went there and the girl was
3681. to use up one set of vouchers oh right today so we went there and the girl was so pleasant that served us she's from the college college ah and it's all one school now yeah had a school and sixth form college it's all one school now well whatever she's yeah hang on well that's nice she was she was really nice i quite enjoyed chatting they
3684. form college it's all one school now well whatever she's yeah hang on well that's nice she was she was really nice i quite enjoyed chatting they're trying to be like school calling themselves school and sixth form college well that's okay yeah that's what ours is yeah okay have you got a busy rest of the week cos erm? i don't know
3685. ' s all one school now well whatever she's yeah hang on well that's nice she was she was really nice i quite enjoyed chatting they're trying to be like school calling themselves school and sixth form college well that's okay yeah that's what ours is yeah okay have you got a busy rest of the week cos erm? i don't know so you '
3686. the army sort of thing do you can i just pause you a second did you we did you used to be in the cadets? no what what do you mean like oh it was it was with school we did like a oh like a recruitment day yeah yeah yeah like when you do you used to see them at school yeah we did like three weeks in it so it was like you go there residential they
3688. - old girl yeah and proper all these like dirty graphic pictures and we didn't tell any of the teachers for like two weeks so when we got back we still had like one month left at school you know like the winding down period when everyone's just doing like fun stuff yeah yeah yeah so all throughout cos you finish exams in may don't ya? yeah not a lot of people
3689. the winding down period when everyone's just doing like fun stuff yeah yeah yeah so all throughout cos you finish exams in may don't ya? yeah not a lot of people were in school everyone just like took days off and that we were all around it all like spreading it round and that eventually one of the teachers heard about it so she er they were going out and everything yeah but they
3692. fucking he yeah he should not have got done for that well cos if i've got no no no because if you hear the other side of the story cos obviously i went to that school so i only read it in the paper i know a load of people from school i've hear all sorts of different accounts yeah from what i can gather is that he helped put her in a class
3694. of trust because you're put in er a position of power over that student yeah you can you can get bonds like that it weren't yeah you do yeah you do pe department at that school they were all fucking doing it i tell you that we knew about another teacher who done it i can't remember his name it were it were one of their teachers and he definitely why did you where
3697. back far enough it'll probably be there'll probably be a picture of her or summat i'm probably be able to tell you who she's with shit i think she moved school in sixth form or summat which you would of course of course she would if if like you know if everyone knew what had going were going on cos they would wouldn't they? cos
3698. get ups they'd have the one where you sign your real name and the one where you'd sign a fake name yeah yeah and basically what they'd do there were a boys'school next door and these he'd get these boys over pay them money or whatever so that these paedophiles could come and shag them yeah and be anonymous blah blah leave i know and he
3699. and he told us hadn't twigged that he told us to turn up on the square right at quarter to ten right which we duly did to be told to meet in front of the school right so off we went to the school erm and we got to the school and it there was just masses of people yeah we thought oh yeah no like er it's totally bewildering
3700. ##wigged that he told us to turn up on the square right at quarter to ten right which we duly did to be told to meet in front of the school right so off we went to the school erm and we got to the school and it there was just masses of people yeah we thought oh yeah no like er it's totally bewildering because it was like i went up there
3701. up on the square right at quarter to ten right which we duly did to be told to meet in front of the school right so off we went to the school erm and we got to the school and it there was just masses of people yeah we thought oh yeah no like er it's totally bewildering because it was like i went up there about three erm no no no i
3702. so you know that's not yeah his scene and he'd rather yeah put them up in a market square and give them a thousand lashes yeah erm he's one of the old school he's hard talking yeah exactly yeah erm but he's been disciplined out of that he's had a mottled career with umpteen disciplinary uhu erm reviews he '
3708. really easy to do up as a kid aren't they you haven't got laces or anything to worry about doogles and i remember when i went to high school first year in big school el all the kids you know everyone has different things where they grow up don't they but the fashion at my place was kickers kickers yeah everybody wore kickers or pods mm i had pods
3709. you want me to move that bag? no it's alright em you know after we'd started it's the last of after we'd started wearing hig you know heels to school mm and i bought some flat pods and they looked like black trainers ah nice yeah they were great and all the girls were like tottering round on their heels and i was like going round my my flat
3711. bit of colour on them we'd just colour them in so they'd all be black but all be wearing trainers mm it was great great comfy there was nothing i hated walking around in school in shoes you know it's horrible that was awful like we it wasn't very comfy even in sixth form we had to wear a uniform and the rest of the school had navy trousers the
3712. walking around in school in shoes you know it's horrible that was awful like we it wasn't very comfy even in sixth form we had to wear a uniform and the rest of the school had navy trousers the girls had to wear a navy skirt you weren't allowed to wear trousers nice maroon blazer in fact you see hollyoaks? their blazer and tie that's that
3714. don't know why i did that really but apparently i thought it was important at the time i remember taking my boyfriend at the time to go shoe shopping for my new school shoes and my new school handbag oh i was that was the best thing though wasn't it? like in august going shopping for your new shoes i always used to go to dolcis shoes did you? i used
3716. that's did you? i used to look forward to getting a new rucksack i don't know why new school bag yeah i used to ram my yeah like in the beginning of school i used ram it full of stuff yeah and like almost break it carrying everything i owned in it i used to have those handbags from kookai or from morgan that were really kind of like big
3720. better cos it it gives variety of colour i i like it it's more of a uniform as well isn't it? yeah it is yeah that dress just looks too much of a school girl dress i think oh good personally i call it my granny dress but you call it school girl dress if you like em yeah i was supposed to wear a white shirt i went to order it and because
3721. a uniform as well isn't it? yeah it is yeah that dress just looks too much of a school girl dress i think oh good personally i call it my granny dress but you call it school girl dress if you like em yeah i was supposed to wear a white shirt i went to order it and because unle unless you work in food and beverage wear blue anybody else admin - based wears
3722. i have no concept of time when it's the holidays that only happens to me in summer when it's long enough it's not long enough yet so the second we break up at school you just i'm just like what you lose all ability yeah i'm just like is it two thousand and fifteen? i have no idea i fucked this up oh do you guys want some?
3723. oh right yeah use or your ipad er ipad? yeah you can do you can do it you access word from online er oh yeah yeah what you were saying about like accessing it online the the school thing? yeah yeah you can do that i don't know if it worked cos i tried to do it with erm another computer that has an old er i tried to do it with my
3724. to miss say how much work she's done in the last two days what's she done? and it's like she's done everything apparently cos she co she came into school yesterday as well and just worked working on what? dunno staff shit she said er she's erm she's like not designing but like working on the new gcse and a level
3725. know anyone from albania neither do i out of all the albanian people you know er no those are the only two albanian boys ah i know and they both go well one of them goes to's school now oh wow and are they both buff? so a hundred percent of albanian people you know hundred percent erm it's probably to do with because people are trying to move so why are why does
3728. oh oh we'll go and have i'm so gonna do the rose cigarette thing the what? i'm so doing the roses what for valentine you're yes gonna bring one to school? i well you can put can we just like i'm gonna get you you each one ah no no can we just like anonymously send a rose to's house and put a cigarette in
3729. did say? was like oh co he i think he i think he was like ah ah i think er i think erm said that i was mean to him or something oh this sounds so primary school and then was just like no he's just like that to everyone oh jesus that's that's something that i would get actually i've got oh no but i i don't
3734. oh no you know what? hhe kept he like he was he told me a he was in our group chat yeah and he sent all these pictures of he'd never met from our old school er from from year eleven he was just like oh my god this girl is so buff like oh yeah's a buff how d how did you guys like hang out with this girl for like five years
3736. we just want anyone who suffers from that any anything like that to know it's okay maybe to know that they can get help yeah cos we can talk about like there's people in school like mrs or or our teachers outside of school they could mrs or outside school i guess cos our cos er everyone would be old enough to make their own doctor's appointment and stuff so they
3737. anything like that to know it's okay maybe to know that they can get help yeah cos we can talk about like there's people in school like mrs or or our teachers outside of school they could mrs or outside school i guess cos our cos er everyone would be old enough to make their own doctor's appointment and stuff so they uhu really need to go through yeah external
3740. in the term so oh we're gonna pitch it differently hopefully obviously you know sixth formers sixth formers are smart i mean well we don't need to spoon - feed them basic primary school information but i still think there's a misunderstanding about mental health yeah so erm we can talk about it's still not enough you're breathing very loudly er? you're breathing very
3741. life? how would you feel you are fulfilled in what ways? how about spiritual fulfilment? since there's er it says a large llots of different g religious people in our school if you think that's worth talking about i was talking to miss today about erm teaching that why miss thinks it's important to teach allow people to learn their own religion rather than just christianity
3742. to teach the spec whereas she's much more about the learning oh and she was making the point that you know that ththere's such a the the the number of hindus in our school who don't underst don't know the actual core teachings of hinduism hinduism but they know how to do the ritual stuff yeah so that's why she teaches smart's dimensions because there
3743. mm and only now am i really understanding what spiritual fulfilment is what people get out of it mm so maybe i dunno what's what's an issue with related in our school? what's an issue with religion? yeah a deep issue? as as in like we're trying to be humanitarian we're trying to improve the things in our school well i remember in
3744. related in our school? what's an issue with religion? yeah a deep issue? as as in like we're trying to be humanitarian we're trying to improve the things in our school well i remember in the documentary there was the guy who w the the one where they people walked about and walked about it was britain is britain rac is still racist? is britain still racist? i
3745. one yeah yeah yeah there was the jewish guy and then he went to a muslim area yeah which is affecting people you know yeah i saw that bit and i see antisemitism everywhere in our school yeah do you think maybe so interreligious relations? do you think maybe explaining see we can't tell them what their religions believe but i believe christianity and islam are all about preaching tolerance and
3746. of any say anything is on twitter mm but what well the thing that we're trying to address is people have a very negative view of jews or they're antisemitic in our school how can we change that? the think is that like or how can we help to encourage a conversation about that? the thing is like mm like thirty percent of our school's like muslim yeah out
3747. ##semitic in our school how can we change that? the think is that like or how can we help to encourage a conversation about that? the thing is like mm like thirty percent of our school's like muslim yeah out of that thirty percent how many of them know anything about the israel palestine conflict? i know and out of those people yeah it's true yeah how many of them are
3748. ' s twenty - eight years old and did you meet him did how where were you? basically i got this part time job when i was a language student i got this part time job in a school did you enjoy doing that by the way? yes i enjoyed it i enjoyed it i think and it was only twelve hours a week and i was getting eight hundred euros a month so that's nice
3755. was a keyboard so oh well fair enough who cares then you know it's only well however many hundred pounds yes it's but it's quite old it's it's the school's one fair enough but er anyway so but how is the oboe part i you know? it's it it's reasonably good it's do you get any tunes er yeah i did
3756. very weird musical version of much ado about nothing that actually had some quite decent music that's just because it has paul mcgann in and paul mcgann with not come to your school no i i just found it hilarious that somebody did that bless you yeah oh dear speaking of paul mcgann you were saying weren't you? have you heard anything more about your oh the rivers
3757. an un disproportionately high amount of sort of murder mystery things and crime stuff from sort of you know i think they tended to kind of i think there's i suppose old school crime we is a thing but yes but they i think it's all sort of sort of the more modern stuff mm it's all harry potter isn't it? i think it's
3759. get paid s yeah seven pounds and a few pennies can i have a little of the the french please from the? i get fro i invigilate in the examinations in the local school oh okay you know halls full of about a hundred and eighty students you know sitting gcses and things sorry this li is that what like? what do you get paid? no tteachers don
3760. many people willing to work for free mm well yes yes but you see it's you know when you er it it i mean i coached mm some erm one of the the kids in the school whom i'd given a lift to because we were both stuck at the bus stop one day actually and she desperately wanted to get down to the train so i said to her well look i'm
3761. desperately wanted to get down to the train so i said to her well look i'm going back to get my car and i said you might recognise me i do invigilate in the school so that she'd be assured she wasn't getting in a a car with a total stran and she did so what a mess darling no darling that's my an hour are you going
3762. total stran and she did so what a mess darling no darling that's my an hour are you going too? can i have a little beer? mm i took her down and thereafter in school every time she saw me i got this great beam and then i don't think i've told you this actually you have oh have i? because i met her in the corridor after she '
3764. that's why i kind of went er? oh yeah runners they're bitches for the older boys aren't they? yeah fags yeah well i don't know the public school etiquette cos there's that scene in er mr chips in mr they call me mr chips he he goes into the sixth form and puts his feet up on a desk and asks the sixth
3765. ' re we're in the s upper sixth and he went well i don't have fags neither should you and then walks out and that's the end of fagging at whatever school oh mr chips yeah right yes yes yeah mm yeah right now this game is taking as long as one with your father erm who is notorious for oh yeah there's only two letters left oh god
3770. ' t exist exactly it's not recognised it's ill it's illegal and erm it's invisible mm the particular episode i watched the other night er oh well it was a school an unmarried school teacher who'd had a a relationship with a married man oh and became pregnant oh right er and the subs the subsequent consequences that happened erm baby adopted she she no no no
3771. exactly it's not recognised it's ill it's illegal and erm it's invisible mm the particular episode i watched the other night er oh well it was a school an unmarried school teacher who'd had a a relationship with a married man oh and became pregnant oh right er and the subs the subsequent consequences that happened erm baby adopted she she no no no no she s
3773. southern or from midlands erm so it it has always come up and everybody said how much stronger my accent was compared to my parents they're like yeah they've got it really was at school as well yeah exactly yeah cos the area though that area is like has got really strong accent cos it's's got loads of erm mm erm pits round it hasn't
3776. to know it was the postman with my latest council propaganda those police those policemen did go though yesterday didn't they i mean yeah i presumed they didn't actually yeah try and burn the school down or anything oh across here is really good erm in that he reports stuff mm and sometimes it's stuff that's you know not anything mm but once he saw erm what had happened
3777. be in and i did ring the police mm whether they actually did anything i don't know but mm i did report it well he lives in number three here so he can see straight into the school mm and i think cos they've been leafleting us saying can you look out yes yeah he's he's called them round but yeah he's very good yeah oh he
3778. just have a jungle oh right yes oh and one day i'll do it but er i i just don't really know what to do with it because the run off of water on the school is incredible and it's mm it's almost washed away the bottom of the garden so it's all that funny angle now i was looking out and seeing and i see what you mean yeah
3779. know it was what can i say? yeah much more equal yes well er and were there weren't they erm yes yeah yeah ri yeah i knew them cos and i worked at the school together right yeah yeah yeah i saw them in perth actually cos i hadn't heard from them like since i left japan mm i was like they don't like me any more yeah cos
3782. drawing a chair cos an author called nicola davies wrote a very beautiful poem didn't she? uhu uhu about syrian refugees coming here and how there weren't enough chairs in a school although you're worried because you can't draw i'm very worried because i can't draw like i really can't draw so she wa she's asked people on twitter to
3783. to do any more chairs i just can't think of what? what have you thought of a chair that i was thinking about but i've forgotten oh what do you the is that a school chair the purplely one that you've got there? erm you could do a thrown you haven't done a thrown yet yeah but i don't think i'll do that okay
3784. t think i'll do that okay cos then the other children would be really jealous no no darling it's just an idea isn't it? i think i'll do a school chair okay that's what i was thinking i'll do a spin chair a spinning chair i've kind of done a spinning chair yes you have there's a thrown mm? there '
3785. do a spin chair a spinning chair i've kind of done a spinning chair yes you have there's a thrown mm? there's a thrown and then i'm gonna do the school chair a phone did you say? what? a little a thrown a thrown thrown okay jinx jinx isn't it peaceful here? yeah i think oh until you've ruined it but we
3787. team of teachers as opposed to having a very fluid team of teachers yes it's interesting though they'd erm i think i might do try and implement a couple of members at the summer school actually one of things they do is to have certain things that you have each lesson so erm every teacher puts a list of ten vocabulary words on the board and they all put them in the same place
3788. and they they'd done it as a negotiated thing with the permanent with the sort of permanent teachers so so they've negotiated all of these different things and without standardisation but with a summer school that's not really going to be possible i didn't want to have have to impose it because there's not time to negotiate with the teachers and if you've got an un une
3789. have it as a top down thing you must do it like this i think although i think one of the london schools is going to have the director of studies and possibly some teachers from the london kaplan school so i'm sure they won't do it but yeah no i didn't go to that one i went to what did i go to when that one on? i went to teaching advanced
3790. just loads of pens and books and i don't know but no tickets i was i was quite annoyed by that what did say about the guy that got run over? erm that they the school is closed on friday morning out of respect that because he was here with his brother there were two of them and the body is still in or another but they're sixteen brothers i think brothers possibly brothers
3791. saudi but i think they possibly lived in saudi oh i thought they were saudi yemeni so really hard working and sweet not your typical lazy arse saudi boys erm and they they've the school had been in in contact with the mosque in so taking lots of advice from about how to handle everything and how to deal with it so the two the two boys were here they had some cousins in plymouth
3792. so i've had my char i've got to buy lots of like secret santa presents but i haven't got any money until next week oh i've been invited to's school christmas party have you? finally after whinging nonstop for about the last month i never get invited to parties i've worked for like seven different people and nobody i got a call from er we
3794. minibus flipping heck a school bus oh that's going to be a long journey so you're going up on friday and then where are you staying? getting a hotel in oh by the school and then you're going on the river from oh lovely oh lovely mm really nice have you been to park? that's brilliant isn't it mm so you're going to okay and
3801. a tree today yeah i think we've like erm started to forget the topics yeah we're getting distracted but it started what we was talking about basically is the difference between going to a school where there's boys and and all the things that follows on from that like the going out mm and the fun and parties and all of that sort of thing but no i mean like our topics i
3805. thinking? i'm thinking what are you thinking cos that really worries me yeah because what are you thinking? i think you should go in the shower before me why? and like on the school days he gets up at ten to seven yeah but he does a paper round i know so how can he go before you? i'll stay in bed till when? that's what you did
3810. yeah that's what i thought yeah but it looks further in oh this is et getting left behind i think i remember how scared i was of this when they showed it to us you were at school the first time you watched it yeah they showed it to us in in's and i was terrified i wouldn't go downstairs on my own tut aw it's because i thought the men
3814. bit it's like where's wally? where's waldo? frog dissection tut uh i don't think we had to er ever had to do dissection in school there was some sort of science experiment where you had to blow through some cow lungs which was pretty gross and all of the girls were i can't do it and then run out of the classroom did
3815. if they're a kitten you're not supposed to no yeah exactly s but like it i don't think it's very good for them but he's drunk oh dear the school's so eighties so they just put them to sleep? mm cos they're alive when you dissect them? no surely not? well he said that's chlorofor
3818. day yeah is it just a little mini bus? circular it was a little circular mini bus is it all above board or is it just a fellow on a bus? it's not like a school mini bus it's like a proper mini public transport mini bus has he been to auto trader and bought a mini bus and just thought no given it a lick of pain and now he does circulars
3823. ' re not recharging for free somebody else's electricity how everybody else does it for free at work do they let you? yes we've got a car on the cos the school gets unlimited oh does it unlimited electricity get away it's on a contract oh right we've got a car recharger in the cigarette lighter out it in your car does it not use up
3825. you where you make a crowd and just like oh i had a shit today why do they say that? something stupid like yeah do you remember msn? yeah way way back that's old school that is old school used to go and leave everyone at school go home go on msn chat to everyone who you just saw at school what you doing at the weekend? i'm going to see
3826. a crowd and just like oh i had a shit today why do they say that? something stupid like yeah do you remember msn? yeah way way back that's old school that is old school used to go and leave everyone at school go home go on msn chat to everyone who you just saw at school what you doing at the weekend? i'm going to see er see nice idea
3832. for's birthday? he'd come back for for's birthday with er ththree of his friends his girlfriend and another married couple that they they must've you know gone to school together and decided oh we'll go to england to seek our fortune so we were talking t i was talking to them and you know what's the differences? do you like living in? oh
3834. erm yeah i was up at half four and i don't think i went back to sleep then cos my alarm went off at half seven i was just tossing and turning there is a school of thought that suggests that humans only really need four to six hours in any one block yeah but i you know i know my body and i know that i need eight hours mm do you need it in
3835. it sounds really nice though from what people have said and loads of people are going to this week i know it's gonna be rammed it really is i suppose it's gonna be full of school teachers true yeah kids oh no oh shit i forgot about that yeah oh no they're not allowed in the spa though are they? i think there's an adult only section that'll do
3836. i forgot about that yeah oh no they're not allowed in the spa though are they? i think there's an adult only section that'll do rightly that though said to the school er sorry i am away until wednesday good for you i'm on holiday yeah what a work ethic huh? yep i did some work last week just writing these reports for other teachers so i '
3837. names er oh my god and er most place names seem to have so many syllables ah doesn't really does it? ah everyone's going to they are did you wonder where all of the school teachers in poland were? well they're here i think there are traffic lights up here that's what that is oh so the ones on the left had to stop to let us all go mm
3838. he went well iit's part of your job you have to dress me and she went and she said well i'm just gonna go downstairs either you get dressed yourself or you go to school without any clothes on fair enough er so wow and then from there he learnt to dress himself very good yeah no i had a friend whose husband worked in and lived there and it sounds like the worth or
3845. mum used to do some of those plays at school oh and a she was acting was she? well singing i suppose more than anything else mm yeah and they used to tie up with the erm school but the boys school ah right yes and and so if and they were given a concert at the catholic end somewhere mm when the school was there they'd send some of their boys down but but of
3846. some of those plays at school oh and a she was acting was she? well singing i suppose more than anything else mm yeah and they used to tie up with the erm school but the boys school ah right yes and and so if and they were given a concert at the catholic end somewhere mm when the school was there they'd send some of their boys down but but of course most of the
3847. else mm yeah and they used to tie up with the erm school but the boys school ah right yes and and so if and they were given a concert at the catholic end somewhere mm when the school was there they'd send some of their boys down but but of course most of the erm were girls in the same from the school where the ah right oh yes i bet they liked that came
3848. given a concert at the catholic end somewhere mm when the school was there they'd send some of their boys down but but of course most of the erm were girls in the same from the school where the ah right oh yes i bet they liked that came on they were all oh chatting they didn't play with the other one but er the clapping was just like that from the from the boy
3853. i haven't had any for a long time i haven't had any for years i can't remember how all i know is i've got put off swede in at er school mm they always put it in with shepherd's pie and things oh it was awful but spoilt it all the way we have it in our it's lovely it's quite nice you know
3854. you're supposed to have thirty - two oh right mm yeah not much fun is it huh? no mm poor as you'd say when we were young i mean when we went when the school dentist used to come round they used to just they would pull them out it didn't they it was terrible w it really was bad wasn't it was bad yeah yeah and what what do you
3855. ve mm driving this bastion of punctuality yeah yeah i think i'd take the z4 over the uh uh they're ugly hm? yeah apart from the kind of really old school style one yep well while you tank up i'm gonna get myself a toothbrush you've forgotten one? or gum one or the other just one of the things i've forgotten do you
3857. yes schools should be teaching them erm relig er you know religious er or morals mas mm well indeed mm mm as maggie thatcher years and years ago said there should be five things in a school reading writing arith teaching of reading yeah writing arithmetic right and wrong yes you know mm but er you know parents have a er a lot that they should be doing about right and wrong and about erm
3859. else is because they don't speak to anybody gonna and er teach them yeah the parents think that someone else is gonna yeah it's up to it's it's up to the school go through the whole yeah and maybe not thing five when they get there but if they're going to a n a nursery a nursery school which most of them do it's the nursery thing but
3860. up to it's it's up to the school go through the whole yeah and maybe not thing five when they get there but if they're going to a n a nursery a nursery school which most of them do it's the nursery thing but i heard that you know there they are three four five yeah coming up five they can't take them i don't think they can
3861. ll get up and wander around and say you know alligator or you know words that are not down there that sounds very familiar so yeah actually but then then when he was and in fact in his primary school it which was the original infant school it only had three classrooms each of which had an entrance to the outside it it was a victorian building yeah it was absolutely wonderful and quite frequently i had to collect him
3862. say you know alligator or you know words that are not down there that sounds very familiar so yeah actually but then then when he was and in fact in his primary school it which was the original infant school it only had three classrooms each of which had an entrance to the outside it it was a victorian building yeah it was absolutely wonderful and quite frequently i had to collect him to take him to a hospital appointment
3864. trouble learning to tell the time i don't know why but i had this big learning difficulty to do with telling the time and i remember once just sitting there in an aassembly at school and looking at the clock and then suddenly the penny dropped and there it was really? yeah and it was almost like well just in my own you know this was very young yeah mind you yeah yes but
3865. venn what's a venn though? it's a diagram actually the oh a venn diagram is one of those interlinking circle things oh right do do you remember that from school? i remember two circles maybe not and a maybe not actually arrows yeah n no no maybe it m it's overlapping circles so that you exclude things you know i mean if the whole circle is everybody
3866. yeah they're both i mean yeah they're both at is erm in year two and she teaches year four mm wow so it's ideal really for us so how long has that school been running for? five five years i think oh for not long then yeah okay no not long no no not long so it's a new yeah and they've just erm only last year
3867. ' ve just erm only last year opened a new big extension and have they? they started with the erm primary section down in town right erm was that where they er? a primary school or was it more like a erm? no it was a school it's a school right okay it was a school right was a school? yeah er it sort of grew from kindergarten mm to
3868. have they? they started with the erm primary section down in town right erm was that where they er? a primary school or was it more like a erm? no it was a school it's a school right okay it was a school right was a school? yeah er it sort of grew from kindergarten mm to primary mm mm mm er and they were housed in that rather nice stone
3872. that rather nice stone building that is now today oh right okay cos it's the same family oh is it? mm oh and er and they were housed there while they were building this new school mm on family land mm mm erm and of course as soon as this building was done they moved all the children up here and moved the er newspaper into ah that building er and then they were growing
3873. whole new section for the erm the primary section again so who d which children are go who go there are these international d as in international d as in international children or? it is an international school international school yeah er and in all even though it's called the english school of it's english only in as much as english is the taught language okay so they are i i i think the
3874. section for the erm the primary section again so who d which children are go who go there are these international d as in international d as in international children or? it is an international school international school yeah er and in all even though it's called the english school of it's english only in as much as english is the taught language okay so they are i i i think the last figures
3875. are go who go there are these international d as in international d as in international children or? it is an international school international school yeah er and in all even though it's called the english school of it's english only in as much as english is the taught language okay so they are i i i think the last figures were eighty percent turkish cypriot or turkish speaking native tturkish speaking
3876. mm mm erm but they are taught in english mm they've now got erm a number of erm russian children there okay and the head we we went on a a visit to the school about three years ago and the head then was saying that russian would be the next language they taught as a second language wow all the children have to speak english and turkish e the english children there have to
3877. ' s mm not been much need for it but no in terms of you know families who are bilingual can you think of many? i can't either i can't think of any any school i mean that teaches not that there were none in our area there were no schools in our area that weren't yeah english schools teaching english and teaching any other language as a second no i can '
3878. were no schools in our area that weren't yeah english schools teaching english and teaching any other language as a second no i can't di er second language mm think of i mean in my school we taught no french first german as a second option and you know and er it we also taught russian really? we did teach russian but and we we were one of two schools in at the time that
3881. ##m they learn russian in school and they take gcse russian you know? okay right yeah as another and was that an elective then for some for some of these for the kid with the school that you were t you know? so would many people really go for it? no and it was quite elitist mm they only the best linguists would've taken russian and done russian yeah you
3882. know? yeah but we use to take the children to russia we u we used to have exchange oh right well of course yeah i mean actually russia is kinda an educational destination isn't it for school a bit? people do like going there well absolutely we we i mean you we always done the traditional german exchange and french exchange yeah we had our exchange schools germany in k er germany in kassel erm
3883. you we always done the traditional german exchange and french exchange yeah we had our exchange schools germany in k er germany in kassel erm with the gymnasium in kassel and with erm erm a secondary school in dijon erm but in the early days pre glasnost we used to just take the children for a week's holiday mm in russia we used to fly to erm leningrad mm
3884. circus and the things you do in and it and round the kremlin and it well it was very interesting yeah but we but then after glasnost we were actually the first state comprehensive school that did a russian exchange an actual exchange oh wonderful family exchange mm that's very interesting mm and so the kids obviously s responded well i mean the british kids g really liked being in russia and enjoyed
3885. in those days stay at the international hotels so there were only the few hotels that you were aallowed to stay in oh right okay erm er but we always visited the erm english speaking school right in er moscow and we'd always communicated with them so we always had a an organised visit to the english school and everyone of course was in perfect uniform and very quiet all went about their tasks
3886. oh right okay erm er but we always visited the erm english speaking school right in er moscow and we'd always communicated with them so we always had a an organised visit to the english school and everyone of course was in perfect uniform and very quiet all went about their tasks mm all very organised yeah er and being pastoral deputy and very conscious of discipline erm i said to the head er how
3887. russians yeah i i took home a r a russian party of course the the kids that came were u the children of er party members the elite mm mm erm the children that went to the english school in moscow mm were you know? princes of the regime right okay yeah you know? and princesses and goodness me i i took the party one day coach party of them down to brighton for the day
3888. step out of line i have to say iif i'm honest we never had a problem with the germans either erm because they came from a very middle class area and it was the grammar school mm and mm and they were all working hard for abitur and they mm it was very important to them and you know? oh yeah yeah they took everything very seriously the germans yeah yeah but the
3889. yyou remember so many tales once you start talking about the tales yes yeah there's so many yeah so many tales to tell really it was so have any of the kids who came through your school th ended up doing something quite amazing or you know? doing anything? maybe not perhaps not amazing? well er not no only one or two i mean one or two did i mean one or two did
3890. er best prepared student they'd ever had in the department go what a compliment which was quite yeah quite a feather in our cap you know? yeah i'd say because it was a comprehensive school it was not a grammar school it never had been a grammar school it had been a secondary school that became mm comprehensive school erm and actually had the h er a it ssound awful to say the
3891. d ever had in the department go what a compliment which was quite yeah quite a feather in our cap you know? yeah i'd say because it was a comprehensive school it was not a grammar school it never had been a grammar school it had been a secondary school that became mm comprehensive school erm and actually had the h er a it ssound awful to say the added burden of because it was
3892. what a compliment which was quite yeah quite a feather in our cap you know? yeah i'd say because it was a comprehensive school it was not a grammar school it never had been a grammar school it had been a secondary school that became mm comprehensive school erm and actually had the h er a it ssound awful to say the added burden of because it was erm church of england school associated
3893. yeah quite a feather in our cap you know? yeah i'd say because it was a comprehensive school it was not a grammar school it never had been a grammar school it had been a secondary school that became mm comprehensive school erm and actually had the h er a it ssound awful to say the added burden of because it was erm church of england school associated with abbey it was always considered
3894. our cap you know? yeah i'd say because it was a comprehensive school it was not a grammar school it never had been a grammar school it had been a secondary school that became mm comprehensive school erm and actually had the h er a it ssound awful to say the added burden of because it was erm church of england school associated with abbey it was always considered to be the caring school
3895. school it had been a secondary school that became mm comprehensive school erm and actually had the h er a it ssound awful to say the added burden of because it was erm church of england school associated with abbey it was always considered to be the caring school i see so we had we felt a rather unbalanced number of children that needed special care you know? oh okay right erm but
3896. erm and actually had the h er a it ssound awful to say the added burden of because it was erm church of england school associated with abbey it was always considered to be the caring school i see so we had we felt a rather unbalanced number of children that needed special care you know? oh okay right erm but it was nice under those circumstances you know that it had not
3897. every day at work but yeah but she erm she did u shshe was a naughty girl in grange hill right and she did get to a point where she was acting out a bit in school so i was for ever being accosted in the staffroom on the odd occasions i left my office and popped into the staffroom er you know being accosted by staff saying if doesn '
3899. i and i i was lucky i was p i have to say from that point of view i was born at the right time mm erm i started as a secondary modern school teacher er in a school in the heart of that had been creamed off for the real creme de la creme grammar schools creamed off u the local county high mm and we had what was left u thirteen they could
3900. ##eme de la creme grammar schools creamed off u the local county high mm and we had what was left u thirteen they could go to the tech mm mm and we had a two stream entry school of kids that hadn't made it at eleven but my goodness some of these kids really made it later on they were slow developers and as long as you were there to make them want to learn and
3901. they were slow developers and as long as you were there to make them want to learn and mm to say come on you can do it mm never mind about those that have gone on to yeah grammar school yeah you know? it doesn't matter you've got the opportunity and we were saying as we said before about who really did well we had one girl that came into the school in the b
3902. yeah grammar school yeah you know? it doesn't matter you've got the opportunity and we were saying as we said before about who really did well we had one girl that came into the school in the b stream of an a b classes yeah yeah erm but was just a slow developer mm probably had a bad day on scholarship day you know? mm uhu and erm but it didn
3903. just a slow developer mm probably had a bad day on scholarship day you know? mm uhu and erm but it didn't put her off she worked really hard and when i joined the school she just reached the erm fourth year in the secondary school and they just brought in raising of the school year leaving age they could stay on to sixteen erm and do cse was mm mm before
3904. day you know? mm uhu and erm but it didn't put her off she worked really hard and when i joined the school she just reached the erm fourth year in the secondary school and they just brought in raising of the school year leaving age they could stay on to sixteen erm and do cse was mm mm before gcse cse i i remember now yeah cse
3906. erm and do cse was mm mm before gcse cse i i remember now yeah cse cse yeah erm and that year i had five stay voluntarily stay on wow to school yeah and four boys er and i h i was given five forty - minute periods on the timetable right and i with these five kids two wanted to do physics two wanted to do chemistry and wanted to do
3907. and when comprehensive schools were first started this was an enormous problem because you found that when you once put all the kids together and started to suggest that you should teach mixed ability classes yeah? your grammar school teachers had nervous breakdowns mm of course your secondary modern school teachers yes were stressed because they had to go back to their textbooks mm mm but mm they coped with the discipline mm a lot better oh
3908. because you found that when you once put all the kids together and started to suggest that you should teach mixed ability classes yeah? your grammar school teachers had nervous breakdowns mm of course your secondary modern school teachers yes were stressed because they had to go back to their textbooks mm mm but mm they coped with the discipline mm a lot better oh i bet the classroom management yeah yeah because they if they had
3909. had to go back to their textbooks mm mm but mm they coped with the discipline mm a lot better oh i bet the classroom management yeah yeah because they if they had survived in a secondary modern school they may have survived on maybe a minimal amount of intellectual background and knowledge mm mm but they had survived on enthusiasm and charisma mm mm and passion for their subject yeah and passion for their subject and
3910. intellectual background and knowledge mm mm but they had survived on enthusiasm and charisma mm mm and passion for their subject yeah and passion for their subject and the kids yes yes absolutely whereas yeah the grammar school teacher was the academic who was the differences that i've always thought e if anybody said to me what do you teach? i would say kids yeah they're a thing yes whereas any of my
3912. mm teachers and their salaries and i i called her i said g come and er i'm going through this come will you come now oh no i i've gotta go and see to the school photographer yeah lah lah oh well aren't the yes year aren't the year heads? self - marketeer aren't the year heads doing that? yeah oh no no well i
3913. several years u on my team and and the first the end of the first half term just was l almost christmas i invited the i w i was getting a little little bits of feedback form i the school librarian who i still i know her well always very handy the school librarians yeah the school librarian the hea i we the head yeah came for supper right to the house for supper and i could see
3914. the first half term just was l almost christmas i invited the i w i was getting a little little bits of feedback form i the school librarian who i still i know her well always very handy the school librarians yeah the school librarian the hea i we the head yeah came for supper right to the house for supper and i could see was getting a little bit agitated as you know he took his brandy
3915. was l almost christmas i invited the i w i was getting a little little bits of feedback form i the school librarian who i still i know her well always very handy the school librarians yeah the school librarian the hea i we the head yeah came for supper right to the house for supper and i could see was getting a little bit agitated as you know he took his brandy after dinner and they said
3916. er and he he had a nightmare it took him three years and all the full procedure to get rid of her? to actually get rid of her yeah and it was so bad that it cost the school a third deputy appointment gosh because it took them so long to actually do it yeah prove that she was incompetent mm and wasn't doing the job and wasn't there to do
3918. edifices so you know that little portico that's half way down? there's the little doric yeah the little doric chapel entrance which used to be yeah the entrance to a school yeah i know the school's gone and they've got a multistorey block of flats before but with this sort of white this white portico with doric on the front yes that's
3919. know that little portico that's half way down? there's the little doric yeah the little doric chapel entrance which used to be yeah the entrance to a school yeah i know the school's gone and they've got a multistorey block of flats before but with this sort of white this white portico with doric on the front yes that's right yeah but there and
3925. in spain but erm it's very very doing very very well from it he could do go and do his work experience there mm maybe what do you want to do? er doing tennis for school pardon? didn't think you wanted to do c tennis for his career i'd rather he did that than no one can understand you say it again i can i can say it again he said
3927. ' re er gonna get promoted to the premier league no i tell you what if you if you wanna be worried even even i'm given one day is if scouted you to go and do school there which is what used to do at to go er do do half a day of work like english maths and science i think like and then go and play football in the afternoon no if you '
3928. there and some accommodation what you? well we need to get on with it because i've already made an enquiry for him i know but there's nothing to say just because the school work experience is that week in july or we could do two lots of it there's nothing to say yeah that we can't ask and find it and sort it out and put in the first
3930. least then whilst he's doing that you see i always used to on on a friday night i used to have my washing machine on the go and it all used to be washed and ironed school uniforms mm washed and ironed and back in the wardrobe so of a weekend i didn't have to worry if i didn't wanna get the ironing board out it wasn't a problem
3931. yes he didn't do business studies did he? no he did it mm but he's thinking that's gonna be the one he's gonna drop right because we went to the school show oh yes how was that? well it's the third time for the second time for the first time for me oh okay so they'd both seen it before yeah and had not particularly been
3932. er oh i said to i wouldn't say it to and but if i er knowing what i know now mm if you know what i mean yeah if i was their age going to the nec school show yes i'd be coming away thinking a little bit disillusioned mm is that it? kind of thing don't get me wrong there was some there was some good sort of workshops
3933. people yes and do you know what? i was pleased we went because i don't know if you remember we had found out about it by accident and do you remember it was saying that their school they were putting on a busload and taking them that's right yeah and erm and i said well that's that's madness why isn't our school doing it? and it
3934. was saying that their school they were putting on a busload and taking them that's right yeah and erm and i said well that's that's madness why isn't our school doing it? and it turns out our school did do it but it was just by invitation only and i was really quite annoyed cos i thought well is and i at that point we weren't
3935. a busload and taking them that's right yeah and erm and i said well that's that's madness why isn't our school doing it? and it turns out our school did do it but it was just by invitation only and i was really quite annoyed cos i thought well is and i at that point we weren't sure if he was even gonna do a levels
3937. ' t sure if he was even gonna do a levels and i reremember being a little bit annoyed thinking he would've been an ideal candidate to go on that school trip to the school show why why didn't he get invited? yeah what w you know what basis did they? and i was bit annoyed that he hadn't gone however after we had been i said to i
3938. he was fine and he was he was yeah and they gave him feedback and but it was the sort of thing that we came away and i said if if he'd've gone with the school it would've been a waste yeah an absolute waste i think perhaps they got more involved on the two previous yeah well one the first time went with when they they were at a car show with and
3939. of the work it's always getting better and improving and changing so you're always having to educate yourself yes he said and i don't want to feel like i'm always at school yeah when i'm at work oh well you see erm from that point of view just going in and deciding what you don't want it's eliminating yeah exactly yeah it's very
3941. again tomorrow and he won't be doing that again de - ice your own car yeah but no they're very nice actually oh they are very nice people cos are they children at our school? yes er's in the boys'year and oh is she? and and and's year erm yeah's in their in and is year eight so yeah mm but i erm
3943. ' t she? year four erm so what does that make her? nine? so she'd be nine eight or nine wouldn't she? ten nine eleve yeah so nine this school year wouldn't she? yeah but erm oh i don't know but but it doesn't sound very good with and his kidneys i know you were saying is he still doing this
3949. remember thinking when they were having their birthdays they can't've been in the same school year oh i'll have to find out i dunno i know but wasn't the school show fantastic? i tell you i had did you see the? i had to remind myself i was in the did you see the erm the write - up in the paper? no i haven '
3950. ' ve still got it oh yeah there's a write - up in there er really glowing write - up really? obviously i mean it was a fantastic you did you forgot you were in a school i know unbelievable did you cry? no i didn't cry oh i did did you? yeah i dunno whether it's cos like i know it's man woman but you know
3951. ll be she'll be in the leads in a few years to come mm she'll be singing the the lead roles but she was brilliant just absolutely brilliant was saying he thinks that the lower school production is gonna be erm the lion king yeah well in the paper it had written what it was they're doing the lion king and then next year's main one big one is billy elliot
3952. it did but i think that was the expense of getting the mm the rain in the water said well water's can't cost much can it? no but getting it pouring down on a school stage might do yeah unbelievable but yeah it was really really good well i'm going to actually look at perhaps going to see one of the youth erm things you know the youth the youth? oh
3956. in the summer yeah and he did the cross he gahe gave up running he decided it wasn't for him right he didn't want to do it but he did say well if the school ask me to do cross - country i'll do cross - country so he he ran it for the school was that that? message i don't know what that is he ran it for the
3957. him right he didn't want to do it but he did say well if the school ask me to do cross - country i'll do cross - country so he he ran it for the school was that that? message i don't know what that is he ran it for the school mm and erm he did well and i don't know if i told you but the won oh
3958. me to do cross - country i'll do cross - country so he he ran it for the school was that that? message i don't know what that is he ran it for the school mm and erm he did well and i don't know if i told you but the won oh did i tell you? i can't remember no they went to something else cos i
3960. was unbelievable cos there'd already been three races and erm we found the man that we'd s been speaking to and we awe asked for the bib and he said er what school did you say he was at? i said the oh he said i thought you said the the's not one of ours where's that? i said he went that's i said i
3961. erm an email to mr the pe department and i just don't ever send us there again no i just because he'd wished him luck and he was the only one from from the school that had gotten chosen i mean the the were competing people had driven up from i mean it was the inter county ones there was they'd come from all over but i thought god why would you come
3962. erm i said it turns out he wasn't properly kitted out so our apologies he didn't have the right things on his feet erm i said all he really wanted was a school tie a cos you know i told you about the county tie the county tie yeah so but apparently you can't get that for for cross - country and erm mr came back and said you
3963. for us as a family no no it's not for us draw a line we're gonna stick with tennis draw a line much more civilised anyway what was happening at the in the at school i've got to say who's the new arrival? oh my do likey isn't he lovely? i only got him on erm he's lovely friday when i was in
3964. laminate it yeah in nice fancy writing and just blu - tack it over the word christmas when appropriate mm that's a good idea oh who's that? right reminder is this from the school? this is from school so is that what my message will be as well? it will be yeah reminder cashless catering opt - in forms oh due in by wednesday tha what do you think of that
3965. nice fancy writing and just blu - tack it over the word christmas when appropriate mm that's a good idea oh who's that? right reminder is this from the school? this is from school so is that what my message will be as well? it will be yeah reminder cashless catering opt - in forms oh due in by wednesday tha what do you think of that? well i don '
3967. er oppose it? yeah well thithis is the same casual way it's the same thing isn't it? i know isn't it? i know eventually everybody that goes through school they'll have oh yes yeah absolutely i tell you my witch er d well's had erm things are working again the cash ththe er the s's got some sort of fingerprint
3972. s got two and a half right cos goes do you know i remember having a conversation with just shows doesn't it? how things can change long long time ago and we were laughing at school one day about the fact that finishes six months before and this was long before any of their marriage problems i'm going back years and we were laughing about it and he said oh yes and i '
3973. people that you haven't so the germs come in and they all come out and they all go down they all go down with colds yeah well it's like when they start school isn't it? mm the the ju primary school and it's a herd thing isn't it? yeah this is it yeah yeah so yeah so yeah she she went down with that but
3974. come in and they all come out and they all go down they all go down with colds yeah well it's like when they start school isn't it? mm the the ju primary school and it's a herd thing isn't it? yeah this is it yeah yeah so yeah so yeah she she went down with that but yeah then her her back sort of kind of overtook her
3975. and we'll say we were doing language research we're now looking at yeah well the the other thing they had a a a a one pr well i had several research projects at in the school of geography one of them was erm what they call paparticle history where you could look at an individuals an individual sand grain from a deposit and find out exactly what had happened to that sand grain
3976. tut er a bit naughty on friday not me personally on friday oh i was gonna say not me personally but i was in on the wheeze the new woman who's starting at the school tomorrow yeah came for a visit there had been a little bit of she's got she has this er slight disability oh er right yeah which is her eyesight is it? oh right um so she
3977. she was a bit hesitant and she came in at quarter past nine she'd gone by ten o'clock yeah? really? mm i said huh you know showed her round showed her round the school and everything and i was very wary about er steps mm mm because er she hesitated and i didn't feel like saying there's a step here and no it's a bit you know but
3978. you haven't heard anything about the other? um no i sent the application off yeah? not heard anything there's a job at is there? just down the road? at the special school in yeah? um for dt yeah the money is alright because you get your normal teaching salary then on top of that you get extra salary cos you're working with special students yeah and then mm
3980. kids themself tut and it you know and that's it and ali will be ali's in her element er sometimes yeah i mean er you know she she doesn't like school she hates school and that's been tweeted a little bit mm well she's a teenager and they are difficult to get on with aren't they no she's not i mean
3981. ##f tut and it you know and that's it and ali will be ali's in her element er sometimes yeah i mean er you know she she doesn't like school she hates school and that's been tweeted a little bit mm well she's a teenager and they are difficult to get on with aren't they no she's not i mean huh um if
3982. don't do it out in public well it's against the law anyway ain't it? and you certainly don't do it when you've got a governor no of a school there and a deputy of a school there but just didn't think didn't think of the consequences that it could have so she was really giving her real permission at her age to drink yeah really
3983. public well it's against the law anyway ain't it? and you certainly don't do it when you've got a governor no of a school there and a deputy of a school there but just didn't think didn't think of the consequences that it could have so she was really giving her real permission at her age to drink yeah really weren't she yeah you know
3986. i used to live they built a tower block on what was called sladefield road secondary modern yeah? cos seco cos the sladefield road used to be sladefield road junior and infant school yeah and then further up was the secondary modern school yeah well just with birmingham changing how it changed they built washwood heath comprehensive so all the kids from sladefield road that er would've gone to
3987. what was called sladefield road secondary modern yeah? cos seco cos the sladefield road used to be sladefield road junior and infant school yeah and then further up was the secondary modern school yeah well just with birmingham changing how it changed they built washwood heath comprehensive so all the kids from sladefield road that er would've gone to sladefield road secondary modern went to the comprehensive went
3988. ##ndous now there are no tower blocks left at castle vale anymore no? they have knocked it down now castle vale is opposite the jaguar plant oh right yeah alright? castle bromwich er and er the school got burnt down a few times at castle vale school got burnt down a few times oh dear because it was so bad huh yeah and er th we did a geography project around there gc er gce
3990. re no it so but i should start focusing now on the on the on the employees and the university mm mm cos i think this is exactly what was talking about i mean er more more for school you need to you need to you need to look at go alongside the organisations i mean yeah mm mm the students are only gonna get what's coming to them mm as you know what i mean mm
3991. and yeah that that sort yeah well that's kind of my position and all s all sorts of support to the staff learning advisor yeah absolutely yeah so she would be if she was at a different school she was saying her d her job would be lead practitioner yeah and probably deputy head yeah that she's that yeah that level yeah so very very useful and yeah again for authorities and probably magazines and stuff
3992. yeah the most intriguing one i've come across is what was callused a soul experiment which was done over three years erm and that was a group of so called mediums who met in school which is a place up in i think it was in london and they actively invited erm scientists oh close erm gps psychologists erm conjurers who are always invited with the spr to come
3995. in the soil oh yeah and it lives a long while in the soil and er one of my friends he at school i mean we were only about we'd just then moved up to the senior school so we were only eleven twelve yeah and that was firework night and er he had some fireworks in his pocket mm and they went off and they w the people round him they rrolled him in
3996. burns sorted out and he got tetanus so did he survive alright? no he nenever survived he died no? mm i said one of my friends died yes you did er sorry at school and er so it's almost immediately is it? well no the tetanus comes on about over about the course of three days i think or something like that i i that might not be true
3997. ? yeah yeah it would wouldn't it? yeah well i think so anyway but er i mean that that was about two weeks before the the we went we went back when we were back at school and that was about that was about two weeks and the headmaster announced it at erm at the s at the assembly oh gosh mm yeah and well i mean that hurt that really shocked er llots
4000. keep this? when how long do i keep this for? yeah in the end i was just like right let's get it done yeah cos we never we never did the ones in high school ones did we? so i guess that's why no that's why that's why i didn't keep it yeah this is er my head i know i h as soon as it
4001. when you said something about oh you thought he meant for good? yeah i thought it was his easter break too but i don't think has that long easter break like and he probably has a school week he is finished like i think he's pretty much finished most of his sort of lectures and stuff whoo what? hot mustard oh is really hot on yeah so so you don't know
4004. traditions and on the other hand the deep foundation of those traditions is not good it's sexist there's no and it's kind of it's difficult all the girls in my school in were always like i like it cos i can just wear whatever i want underneath it and you're like did you i would have thought that even your time there would have been more people doing
4005. from your first year to your last year what do you mean more people doing it? well because nobody nobody did it twenty years ago you mean wearing a headscarf? well i only start my school only started that's true no no he means in the time that you in the time you were there were there by the time you were finished were there more people wearing headscarfs and? i
4006. it's really good for him jeez that's incredible oh well he's had it this is really weird they have they they this is our placement record and they're listing the school but not the names weird why? i don't know are you still how long are you recording? how many hours worth are you getting out of us? one - and - a - half one
4009. i know it's so depressing it is er the most i've ever won is like twenty quid and i think that was on a scratch card anyway so somebody i know in my school their family they they lived on like erm a council estate and they won a few million pounds they now live in quite a wealthy area of the town so it's completely changed that's amazing
4011. you do yeah and then you find out that and er yeah it wasn't really it wasn't right yeah i was convinced florence nightingale was part of our family and i told everyone you know school and and she wasn't? apparently not i don't know where i got it from no well she could've been er she could've been but was your family called nightingale? well
4015. cafe yeah it's a an art centre oh right it's like and oh oh is it? but smaller than that oh i haven't been there i mean it's an old school actually mm it's a former former school oh right and erm and so it's there and the title of it is has changed as success in international business through effective communication we've said
4021. own kitchen and yeah and everything else yeah erm so no fitting out is not what you need to do no cos they'll put their own colour paint on the wall yeah and even the school came in and came in with that kind of paint mm and painted this and once they painted it white it looked utterly different completely transformed mm that's all it all it needed was to remove the wall
4022. that was probably the one who came to tried to take the space the other year probably was and who runs a small phone company or s company and hhe was setting her up with her own acting school it could've been easy almost identical if it's not the space but how could a father do it twice i can't imagine well he didn't in the end cos he wanted
4023. ' ll tippex my teeth what does tippex mean? tippex is a white liquid that you put on documents if you've made a mistake but you not allowed it at school any more are you? are you not? no probably not well people in the office have it so if i've made a mistake on a document okay and it was only a tiny error and i
4025. tiny bit please thanks there's only a tiny bit so you're in luck how was everyone's day? yeah fine erm tell me how they do the armistice day silence thing at school well well sorry you go first there's this proper jarring beep over the tannoy which i find too long does your school bell normally er a beep over the tannoy?
4026. tell me how they do the armistice day silence thing at school well well sorry you go first there's this proper jarring beep over the tannoy which i find too long does your school bell normally er a beep over the tannoy? we don't normally have a school bell but there is a tannoy they do a really how do you know when lessons start and
4027. s this proper jarring beep over the tannoy which i find too long does your school bell normally er a beep over the tannoy? we don't normally have a school bell but there is a tannoy they do a really how do you know when lessons start and stop? do you not have a bell at all? at the beginning or the end of the day
4028. normally and and then you can't really go backwards cos that'd just be really rude obviously comparing one dumb princess to like zillions of dead people mm and what about at your school darling? normally mm erm we have it cos it's at eleven o'clock we have it before break so you all go onto the playground but they've re oh is er is
4029. have it before break so you all go onto the playground but they've re oh is er is that the start of break? eleven o'clock? but they've rearranged the school day now so they we stay in the lessons they just rang the school bell have you already finished break by eleven have you? yes okay and it was two minutes and twenty seconds on your watch because was
4030. ve re oh is er is that the start of break? eleven o'clock? but they've rearranged the school day now so they we stay in the lessons they just rang the school bell have you already finished break by eleven have you? yes okay and it was two minutes and twenty seconds on your watch because was too busy reflecting to count the time well you cos you can '
4031. fun last lesson today because we watched football on the field you watched football? well we were in one of the top classrooms but we could see out we were playing on the field what? during the school? did the teacher let you? that's no so you weren't actually no do er do the comthe competition matches happened during school time? that's a bit odd isn't
4033. ve done that before have you? not for football but for other things i didn't know that did you win? no oh never mind what about you? did you have any fun things at school today? no the oh tell us about drama drama? oh right and you finish your mouthful first that's fine so this week we were doing families right we er made a sketch on families uhu
4035. a different relationships or family or is it is it are you doing the four different? yeah things yeah we'll do family tomorrow and do the same thing what four different things? erm family school social we media and relationships? relationships obviously family doesn't count as relationships no we do erm school relationships okay and now you're on family? and on family and next week we'll
4041. be okay as a tourist i'm i'm probably fine yeah i don't i know it's like and they probably cost nothing lots of people my lots of people i'm school albanian oh really? oh i i thought is that because there was some emigration? yeah problems they had or whatever what? can't remember cos guests well yeah i know quite a few albanians my
4042. ' ve never heard of him mm he was kind of well he wrote bigger for the people i knew in and mm were you at were you was the thing at? it was erm in the school which is a red brick building opposite which has acquired oh this is kind of spicy you you don't know the in really probably mm not really and people like well i know i know cos i
4043. gone to mm not not that i known them have known from from schools everyone? i don't think anybody from has ever got into really? mm amazing really? well they that does happen a school develops a kind of mm relationship maybe may be doing a bit better than in that yeah that's it does get more gets more mm i don't know i mean we try when i was there
4044. gets more mm i don't know i mean we try when i was there oh my god it was pretty shameless when i was there what do you mean shameless? trying to get state school? i mean positive discrimination yeah not shameless the fact is that you can't just compare their work because you know that yeah it's a bit it is it is a little bit uncomfortable because
4045. always just drink they call them like half pints and and they always drink them in one go i've been i've been doing that this weekend but it's like a really earnest school teacher who'd been sent to work in the outback yeah and had to like give them have to like put a deposit on your job so you don't run out of it cos it
4046. have you forgotten? bum - tiddle bum - tiddle oh serious bum - tiddle what? tiddle - bum i i was i felt to myself this morning oh we'll call into school on the way to uncle's in the car because i've got my bag with all my clothes and everything in and my diary and what have you well you'll have to get it tomorrow
4047. going posh why are you telling people that i'm going posh? i haven no no excuse me i haven't well what are you telling people then? we've written a school song we had this christian values day and we each took a different value and one of them that took was koinonia which means fellowship so we're looking at that and they're written a
4048. can't remember the first sort of and then it goes koinonia de de de dena na dena and then another person mm koinonia well of course you've got a school full of northern children haven't you? koinonia and it sounds terrible koinonia it's awful what does koinkoinonia mean? sounds like some baltic state well i i i
4049. ##ia well what does koinonia mean? koinonia koinonia it's a greek word literally meaning belonging to oh erm oh it's fellowship basically mm or belonging to a school belonging to each other belonging to a religion belonging to belonging to a particular group and are all the erm verses er in foreign? pardon? they're all in foreign language? no no no no
4050. s well what basically what we did was we sort of said to them what do we belong to? why would you you know what's good about belonging? what's good about belonging to school? and they'd come up with all these erm words so like friendship and things like this erm and then she's used those words or he's used there's those words
4051. and now i've pointed it out of course everybody hears it now so and we've got the fella who's who has sung at he's one of the fathers in the school and he so he plays the guitar and he's sort of composed it i've helped a little bit's contributed a lot of things and we've told her to shut up cos
4052. and we've told her to shut up cos they were stupid ah erm and then it's all sort of come together and there's it's now been adopted as our school song you see it is it's really really really good oh lovely when we get to koinonia and what does koinonia mean? er i dunno mm is your head back yet?
4059. back to the uk right and he went to as a day boy they called it were they split up then? no no no oh they were still together but didn't like bboarding school he didn't get on with it mm he was only young he came back so his mum came back mm and in term time she lived in southend right and he went to his day sch and
4062. on on the back of the horse like without like not wearing a shirt with a bow and arrow that's on my bucket list yes thathat's the thing like when i was in primary school like in there were quite a few people that went horse riding it was almost seen as like a really feminine thing but horse riding is so badass it really is yeah well it's cos er
4064. noon? so every afternoon good afternoon mr noon afternoon mr noon so yeah he got pissed off the thing is like he must've had that like his entire life yeah but having a bunch of like school kids find it so amusing yeah if you if you had a naff name like yeah no you're you're going to get ripped to pieces oh god trying to think think of if we had
4068. no mr was a er pe teacher he was er like er old testament style like teacher as well right and he taught my dad pe and he erm worked he he continued to work at the high school it was a middle school when my dad went i guess it was an all - boys middle school and then it became a high school for you know mixed boys and girls? boys and girls yeah erm
4069. pe teacher he was er like er old testament style like teacher as well right and he taught my dad pe and he erm worked he he continued to work at the high school it was a middle school when my dad went i guess it was an all - boys middle school and then it became a high school for you know mixed boys and girls? boys and girls yeah erm but yeah he still taught
4070. right and he taught my dad pe and he erm worked he he continued to work at the high school it was a middle school when my dad went i guess it was an all - boys middle school and then it became a high school for you know mixed boys and girls? boys and girls yeah erm but yeah he still taught pe and sessions with him were fun but like very we had a pe
4071. and he erm worked he he continued to work at the high school it was a middle school when my dad went i guess it was an all - boys middle school and then it became a high school for you know mixed boys and girls? boys and girls yeah erm but yeah he still taught pe and sessions with him were fun but like very we had a pe teacher he was awesome yeah yeah he
4074. had reali this is the cool thing right if you haven't told people and this topic comes up yeah they'll say all this stuff about it and then you go i went to private school and then they're all like so super shocked and embarrassed oh and and that that's what happened with my gay friend at work he went on a oh did he? rant about erm
4075. oh and and that that's what happened with my gay friend at work he went on a oh did he? rant about erm how outrageous it is for anybody to go to a private school and i let him go on and on and on about what bastards we all are and then i went yep i went to private school i won a scholarship actually and erm and what i really hate is
4078. m some privileged arsehole who should feel bad erm and i was just like well i'm i'm afraid i said to her if i could afford to send my kids to private school i would mm but one of them's probably gonna have to win the scholarship because it's very very expensive mm mm and you have to earn a lot to mm erm to go there mm
4081. that i went to private school cos he's one of the people cos he's like a supervisor he would have seen my cv and do you think if you saw on a cv school wouldn't you think that's a private school? i dunno maybe it doesn't but to me it always sounded like a private school i think no i mean there's probably loads
4082. one of the people cos he's like a supervisor he would have seen my cv and do you think if you saw on a cv school wouldn't you think that's a private school? i dunno maybe it doesn't but to me it always sounded like a private school i think no i mean there's probably loads of schools yeah erm to me it like sticks out
4083. do you think if you saw on a cv school wouldn't you think that's a private school? i dunno maybe it doesn't but to me it always sounded like a private school i think no i mean there's probably loads of schools yeah erm to me it like sticks out like a sore thumb you know school yeah head of house i i don't have that on
4084. ' t but to me it always sounded like a private school i think no i mean there's probably loads of schools yeah erm to me it like sticks out like a sore thumb you know school yeah head of house i i don't have that on my cv any more but when i was younger you know when you haven't got anything on your cv except your education? yeah so every
4085. ' s that's the whole point is that you i'll give you a good example as well recently there were some parents it was on the radio there were some parents that wrote into the school and said no our children will not be joining you on their trip to it was either a mosque or a church or a it didn't matter which cos they were total atheists they they just
4086. true it's in the bible she's a traditionalist yeah it's in the it it's was written thousands of years ago it's true she's the proper old school christian type who you know er taking it all literally well i think that's that is frightening because that's that shows how erm myopic their your view is like it cannot be swayed
4087. all that sort of thing you know of course they're gonna be designed to do that because the devil wants you to and i'm thinking oh i give up well she's very old school yeah but this is the point of it is it doesn't matter because she's perfectly entitled she's yeah totally totally totally entitled to it and the world would not be complete without it the
4089. at state school in england why? cos all the prep schools are much better at sports cos they like do it sort of mm so much and they have er all the best resources but our school basketball team and less fields? wwent to s semi - finals weren't you on that? no not in the basketball team but on the cricket team we used to go to like did i tell
4090. finals weren't you on that? no not in the basketball team but on the cricket team we used to go to like did i tell you we went to these schools in like like college and school and stuff? and erm like like like erm it was always like really fancy schools with like twelve playing fields and erm we would go and then like invariably like they would there was like boys
4094. school they did a they did a erm a whole school assembly they're looking good they're pretty much ready to this great they're ready huh? when i was in school primary school they did a whole school assembly and they did like a two - hour assembly about how they were changing the school day and you have to start school at five thirty am you already told me this yeah?
4095. did a erm a whole school assembly they're looking good they're pretty much ready to this great they're ready huh? when i was in school primary school they did a whole school assembly and they did like a two - hour assembly about how they were changing the school day and you have to start school at five thirty am you already told me this yeah? yeah sorry didn't
4096. much ready to this great they're ready huh? when i was in school primary school they did a whole school assembly and they did like a two - hour assembly about how they were changing the school day and you have to start school at five thirty am you already told me this yeah? yeah sorry didn't know i did yeah but it was april fool no it wasn't april fool it
4097. re ready huh? when i was in school primary school they did a whole school assembly and they did like a two - hour assembly about how they were changing the school day and you have to start school at five thirty am you already told me this yeah? yeah sorry didn't know i did yeah but it was april fool no it wasn't april fool it was real the whole point was that
4098. april fool it was real the whole point was that it was on april fool's day so everyone was like yeah it's not real and then it was oh really? yeah they changed the school day? yeah to start when? next year but i don't woah when does the school day start? five thirty am you try one i think they're ready is this really strong?
4104. you had to yeah but they but they had to play off it as well so they had the difficulty but if it was theirs they're used to it no because we have a carpet at our school and we really hate it and it you you just can't get used to it i know what you mean but it's just impossible to get used to it's not an actual carpet is
4105. or is it grass? you know artificial it's well it's like a carpet of green grass artificial? yeah so it's a carpet mm mm we've got one at our school and you never get used to it plus you're playing away all the time at proper pitches and with the club you playing on a proper pitch as well so wwhich club? well any
4110. guides are handy though because they tell you everything in there the revision guides or guys? yeah the they're like guides it is like a little book a4 size and it just mm do the school give you those? we have to buy them for like three pound fifty or something well that's not bad that's money well spent that's not too bad yeah because if you're
4114. fine figure across your college campus dear yeah and er yeah so you could you could generally tell but that's the thing isn't it everybody's kind of like oh after the confines of school and sort of that regimented regime yeah wearing school uniform and all the rest of it it's just like everybody wants to stamp their identity on yeah kind of erm just so that every they can
4115. yeah so you could you could generally tell but that's the thing isn't it everybody's kind of like oh after the confines of school and sort of that regimented regime yeah wearing school uniform and all the rest of it it's just like everybody wants to stamp their identity on yeah kind of erm just so that every they can declare really isn't i you know? yeah
4121. country yeah that's not obvious that it belongs to anybody it's all terribly cultivated how strange gosh i'm sure you read about the guy who was not allowed to run a ski school no no erm his his mother erm finished up looking after one of the departments in the in the pyrenees uhu and as a result of that he got the opportunity to ski right through i think
4122. actually we do yes because they like coming over here mm they live in primark getting our our oh i know well the little girls we have at the brics who are all yes all from this school in bordeaux yes and we have a link with a school in bordeaux because when i was growing up erm there was a young woman called who used to come over in the holidays and look after us yeah
4123. they live in primark getting our our oh i know well the little girls we have at the brics who are all yes all from this school in bordeaux yes and we have a link with a school in bordeaux because when i was growing up erm there was a young woman called who used to come over in the holidays and look after us yeah and er she had a student she then went on to
4124. visiting our website and looking at the statistics and strangely we seem to have a lot of people in bordeaux looking at our website so i said yes it's all the students that go to a particular school researching us oh right before they write to us and say can i come over and do two months'placement with you so erm so we have this ongoing link with erm with the students in bordeaux
4125. yeah this is was in our when the living room wasn't done is that an earring? yeah well this was when we were trying to get professional photos and we were trying to get professional school type photos cos they never did photos at did they? well that's whoever took those has they completely needs some lessons i think that was me well oh you need lessons she looks like she looks
4127. they give you the music and then they expect you to go home and everyone practise right okay but now let's get back to saturday yes where are you playing first? school or the school event they've put us right on at the start right so that's start about seven say it takes us ten minutes to do that mm then i should realistically i should be across at the
4129. i'm looking forward oh right right we've got dessert as well? yeah right i can't eat all of this mm but yes erm so where are you where's your school in relation to the park? erm oh is it it's sort of like in the on quite another direction? erm well i couldn't really say to you how you get there oh
4130. erm well they're the group who always have the massive adventure in the town and you know? ten years ago it was the zombie ghost and then five years before that vampires blew up the school oh right and it's always the er the indie kids the people with names like satchel and dylan and finn who these adventures always happen to right erm and the time of the indie kids has
4133. in now she's going back to her college instead aw that's better for her kind of yeah she just travel and moneywise yeah you know? you might not know from my er stage school drama? i don't know her no unless she was in the erm ah the psychologists erm psychotherapists one no no? no but i erm i've told you about
4134. ? no but i erm i've told you about her before she's like my main friend there aha and erm she er she was i think she did a year at studio school but she's come back to retake her as levels at now really? yeah so there's loads of people who are retaking ass mm co some come from other colleges some interesting yeah yeah
4135. years oh yes i suppose that made it go into two chunks yeah yeah cos that's and er so they're cos was away i suppose as well wasn't he with his school? cos it was a bit different that they had a yeah i i i was oh yes he was all yes about seven years i suppose yeah i think i i think his mum would resent it
4136. erm she's very nice they're both very nice yeah she seemed yeah they seem quite a nice person yeah there's a new build treated just across the field ah right where the school swimming pool used to be yeah ah and it's the most fabulous home i went down there really? mm i was given a guided tour and i was like the sort of home you think should be
4137. of home you think should be in a magazine wow how is there room by the swimming pool there? ah there's quite a bit of land on the small playing field is it? ah er school play yard as well very yeah oh okay erm there's quite a bit of room but it goes down hm as well and they'd just done the most amazing things it's got the
4138. lot oh yeah exhausting it's who's that lady she lives down the bottom then does she? to see them? who's that? by by by the church just behind the school there yes they're not there all the time they're away a lot yeah oh did you go to vietnam? no why? why was i in vietnam then? no idea dad cos i
4140. you want me to continue? yeah yeah yeah i'm li'm listening okay with the power of mobile technology students can now explore state - of - the - art educational programmes regardless of their school's location internet access or academic resource budget head of primary education at the ho chi minh city department of education said at the launch this project promises to bring an effective tool to help schools in poorer areas
4143. the london thing yeah so i'll go in for this this'll mm be interesting so i was interviewed for that and er to my great surprise erm i got a letter from er the school television department in london to say erm er we we can't offer you this job of production assistant level er because of your lack of experience but we would like to offer you a job as a
4144. to say erm er we we can't offer you this job of production assistant level er because of your lack of experience but we would like to offer you a job as a researcher again with school programmes mm er on a variety of subjects and so on and a few days later i got a a letter from the bbc in bristol er that said er you know er thank you for coming for interview etc
4145. i had to think well this is all very good all very fascinating but isn't it perhaps time i sort of specialised in something? erm and the one thing that frustrated me with erm school television was the size of the budget and the length of the programme erm i wanted to do something that was a bit more ambitious and erm a bigger budget like fifty minute programmes and i thought well
4146. of two i was brought to and er my parents rented a thatched cottage in er right which is still there oh yes? erm and then moved into and he was working of course at the school erm and then when i left school i went to university and then to the er er photographic course in and then of course i stayed in erm then went to and went back to erm my
4148. oh right no erm for years and years yeah yeah and they also had and i went in one day and i asked them what had they done to it yeah because i i remember i went to school in yeah and i used to go in there regularly and look at the erm the things in in cases and they were all in in big glass er cages mm not cages erm er er boxes mm
4152. the end of the day that is if well how long how long does it take them to drive? a good thirty minutes it's a long way isn't it? like they say after school i don't know if they mm i can't believe they just sat in the car nor me that's weird that's all over you see would have come in or they could have
4157. dear little thing yes yeah it's sweet she was knocking on my bedroom door about half past six one day before she went off to catch the bus like oh right oh that's nice to school yes something special on so she come i wondered what she was doing knocking at the door and she was all dressed up in her school clothes yes had to get to oh i think it was a big bus
4159. s her oh yes we can see that she's married from her photo erm she's been a member since last august she has sixty - seven friends on facebook she studied at college in school and university oh and that's all so she hasn't got much other information mm that would net four hundred and seventy pounds a month oh which is seventy pounds over the market rate the market rate
4163. straightens out before you get to just like before it straightens out near the that is there a school there? balti there's a balti restaurant you've gone past the the school yeah? yeah you've had gone past that oh right what are they doing? just go roadworks on one side of the road or something? mm mm yeah for ages the roadworks are still
4166. the month do they? it will be a late holiday will they be doing easter activities? yes they break up two weeks tomorrow flower show the day before easter i'm still hooked up to the school diary oh i see so you know what's going on? yeah nice mm lovely we have got a meeting today ah oh right why did your erm thursday night tutor girl cancel anyway and rearrang
4168. her standards up in her levels since christmas i said well said to me that she didn't she wouldn't have put her as behind he said i think because we had a word with the school he says and since christmas he says they have worked hard with her well that's good no oh that's good yeah that's what i thought yeah so i said well you've always
4169. - three add ten and then i'm just going to see straightaway right so we will see how we get on hopefully okay is it little house round there? yeah turning yeah turning and what school are they at? the kitchen is really small mm is it? it's like a lounge and going back into a a dining room probably the ground floor is not much bigger than this lounge yeah oh
4172. mm and just talk about more banal things yeah and save her political discussions yeah for friends and people she has a different sort of relationship with i sort of erm i don't like this school rule of you can't talk about politics gender sex religion mm but at the same time yeah it's er it's kind of safeguarding me because i just go yeah oh sorry can '
4173. you're not allowed to talk about it so shut up you racist bastard so shut up you absolute arsehole this is the person who i tried to get thrown out of the class and the school yeah well i don't think you're gonna succeed there er yeah and er cos it seems the school is more about the money than about their teachers the money than about sort of yeah yeah
4174. this is the person who i tried to get thrown out of the class and the school yeah well i don't think you're gonna succeed there er yeah and er cos it seems the school is more about the money than about their teachers the money than about sort of yeah yeah me not wanting someone who against although you'd think with their hugely high turnover of natives they might at least yeah
4176. right question and some of them are just quiet people erm and if they sort of finish early and i say okay well just have a chat with your partner you talk about i don't know school or the weather mm and they just sort of you know smirk and sort of sit really awkwardly i'm like just say what have you done today? and they go what have you done today? oh
4179. fair enough mm i don't know i don't wanna be seen yeah like seen as too critical from my viewpoint which i can be completely honest about now i'm not employed by a school i set very few writing tasks because i didn't get paid for marking them mm i know and it's hours yeah it's heavy i've got however many exam students mm forty je
4181. playing? yeah yeah it's was's twenty - first last night so yeah it's better when there's a lot went out for a few yeah a few shandies on a school night? yeah on a what are we chin chin are we celebrating? this is this is dad's off next week to saudi ah monday the decision's made is it? going monday flying yeah
4185. the safest countries it normally is cos they're all too busy being efficient aren't they? and if you remember being kids in bavaria where you could just yeah kids just go to school by themselves it's like being here in the fifties or something er it was and there's just no there's hardly the they there's not a lot of crime at all yeah it
4187. me to tell you what you said or do you want me to tell you what she just said? wanna go so round the supermarket and was out in the supermarket with and they bumped into's school friends and the two girls would be chatting and so of course the girl's mum would start talking to in bavarian thinking that she obviously understood every word and your mum was she's alright she '
4188. butt in and be like blah blah blah blah blah blah blah yeah and you were pretty good as well what at german? yeah yeah she was saying mum told me that erm when i started big school like one of the first reports i got back was that i was the best lea german german leader i was the best leader in class i was the only english kid like i was the best german leader she
4192. learning yeah and the germans don't start until they're six and was only four and a half when she went over they have really weird like learning hours as well like they s they start school like quite a bit earlier but then you finish like at like two yeah so i remember like even when i started school i used to go to like german school in the morning and then like an english oh
4194. hours as well like they s they start school like quite a bit earlier but then you finish like at like two yeah so i remember like even when i started school i used to go to like german school in the morning and then like an english oh yeah you did yeah english s like yeah kind of after school club it was type thing yeah it was it was an english class wasn't it? yeah
4197. a list of some of the actual books that you get from a bookshop with you know the with history on it but nnothing about the pens or exer cos i think at secondary school they expect you to do those kinds of things yourself like exercise books what do you mean? as in what you write in oh no no we i i have them mm you can't be like using
4198. video on that or video and sound on well there then we can splice it will they synchronise? yes no i did a lot of er of er filming when i was in the school it was er i really enjoyed it and and erm that's a tiny tripod that it is nice isn't it? well mm and erm it's a good camera one and
4199. mycheck mycheck is that is that a free to download one? no no it's it's no quite an expensive one yeah i bought it with the er with with the school nice it's erm you know it's got green screen options and oh really? and titles and er er i'm counting the the same numbers there's twenty - two standards twenty
4200. cos it's a sunday as well yeah no it's just the general really? rate yeah that is really good yeah it is cos it's like an open day for the school so yeah all we have to do is just well i think all we have to do is just kind of talk about english and that yeah talk about wlike your life as a student or whatever yeah uh
4202. mcdonald's and i didn't know anyone that was i knew indian people like i were friends with them but i didn't know muslims i didn't know any like yeah in my school like there was no like there was no like there was no foreign people at all no there weren't there weren't in mine either it wasn't no like i think there was one chinese
4204. that's the thing but i think uni's like that with like proper opened my eyes to like drugs and stuff cos i'd never ever been around like anything like that in school like none of my friends or anything but then like when you come to uni it's like you see more of it i think yeah loads more yeah of it your eyes are opened up though aren
4205. so it looks smart? yeah oh yeah yeah yeah and little places haven't they affordable housing i suppose but yeah i mean i'd not been there what catchments are they then would for school? be and it's just next to it okay yes it's the back of there beyond there yeah well we just went so we went round there i had a yeah a few of the houses
4206. more then hopefully it will start with word of mouth really cos the problem is at the moment the one on that i've got tonight that's not good for word of mouth because high school yeah but yeah the ones i've got on wednesday i mean she did say that she had handed my leaflet to someone else but yyou know it's just a case of wait and see
4207. sunday on sunday yeah and erm plus the fact she's will want to get home and have an early night cos we'll have been late the night before and they've got school so i thought well that's fine so i'm not gonna prepare anything and i'm gonna leave to sort out with what they want to do do okay i we shall sort well and i
4208. one from my mother - in - law she gave me one yesterday oh did she? yes what make was it? mm i have no idea who's it by? it's one from school erm that's been passed around all the teachers at her school and they said this is really good oh okay and i had a quick flick through oh that's good and it did look really
4209. did she? yes what make was it? mm i have no idea who's it by? it's one from school erm that's been passed around all the teachers at her school and they said this is really good oh okay and i had a quick flick through oh that's good and it did look really good has it just got some simple rec it had all the steps simple
4210. gonna be able to keep them all up so nno i can get a few that and quite you know it's quite possible that some of them will only want them till the end of this school year so yeah but if you go back to work three full days would would you spend your other two days doing the tutoring on the evenings? oh it depends with him and because if you're
4213. used to say that er er yeah i i never understood why she said that at all so no no that's right no it's totally different yeah used to have it linked up to the school we were next to a college oh that's nice yeah it was yeah convenient well yes i think your mum used to like the boys next door yeah yeah that was one of her boyfriends it was
4214. of the boys head boy yeah oh oh did you know about this? no i didn't know that he was called yes oh he was the head boy of college which was like a minor public school yeah yes they went out for a while oh funny yes yes oh she went to visit his parents didn't she once? oh was i think so and he got in touch with her again didn '
4215. boyfriend was also a head boy yes oh obviously it runs in the family then yes yeah i'll have to remind mum runs in the family yes yeah he was the head boy at dad's school at which school? really? oh was he? over there? yeah they didn't get on oh must've been difficult having your dad as headmaster yeah well he wasn't head when i
4216. a head boy yes oh obviously it runs in the family then yes yeah i'll have to remind mum runs in the family yes yeah he was the head boy at dad's school at which school? really? oh was he? over there? yeah they didn't get on oh must've been difficult having your dad as headmaster yeah well he wasn't head when i was there oh
4217. on oh must've been difficult having your dad as headmaster yeah well he wasn't head when i was there oh i see he was deputy head although actually it worked out the same because that school was a split site yes split site yes so he was head of lower school which meant he was the head yeah er so yes it was strange i didn't like it at all i was not happy
4218. wasn't head when i was there oh i see he was deputy head although actually it worked out the same because that school was a split site yes split site yes so he was head of lower school which meant he was the head yeah er so yes it was strange i didn't like it at all i was not happy cos everyone knows your dad's the headmaster exactly yeah everybody knows yeah
4219. made my life the most difficult actually cos they can talk to you yes it was the teachers was it? yeah yeah yeah i mean i think he shouldn't've sent us to his school actually the same school no no i think yeah that was the wrong thing to do yeah that's right because the teachers are scared of being seen as being seen as being seen as being you know softer
4220. most difficult actually cos they can talk to you yes it was the teachers was it? yeah yeah yeah i mean i think he shouldn't've sent us to his school actually the same school no no i think yeah that was the wrong thing to do yeah that's right because the teachers are scared of being seen as being seen as being seen as being you know softer on you so actually
4221. s life oh well that's life yes yeah think was always okay about it she didn't seem to mind at all no no no no and didn't get on and then he changed school so that was okay and was fine again it's funny isn't it? yeah it was yes that's right yeah was okay about it cos we saw another little little while back didn
4222. yeah oh jamie oliver is that him? yeah oh yes is he still on television then? yeah yeah he's oh par he always has these campaigns doesn't he like? he had the school dinner campaign cos school dinners in the uk used to be yeah chips and junk food did they? yeah not a single vegetable piece of fruit to be found and he had a real campaign he took on
4223. that him? yeah oh yes is he still on television then? yeah yeah he's oh par he always has these campaigns doesn't he like? he had the school dinner campaign cos school dinners in the uk used to be yeah chips and junk food did they? yeah not a single vegetable piece of fruit to be found and he had a real campaign he took on the government and said that
4224. found and he had a real campaign he took on the government and said that's ridiculous yeah not only are you ruining their health now you're not teaching them good habits for the future so school dinner should be healthy and he won the he got rid of all the chips and rubbish in schools all those turkey twizzlers that was his thing wasn't it? yeah turkey twizzle
4228. entire school district broken down into how many calories how much protein enormous detail and it was mapped out months and months ahead oh yeah and that is what they produce centrally and it would come to the school and that was what you got everyone had exactly the same food and it was of quite a high calorie content yeah because they said children need a lot of calories but low fat low salt you
4229. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah back through there well it was yes it's a nice was a nice little village i haven't been there for years mm i think there's one little school there i think oh right yeah we're stopping off at the or one little church or something is it? oh right yes we're stopping off at the erm inn oh for refreshments
4230. sort of um like fifties and stuff wasn't it but then it wasn't then like uh i never really i never followed it much but i know a lot of like kids did in my school and stuff well no in the fifties? no no no i i mean i never really liked it that much like during my during my lifetime you mean like like hulk hogan times? yeah um so but that
4232. whole education was completely messed up erm i relied on my spoken voice and i ended up doing drama and beco erm i was an actress for a little while and erm went to drama school and did all that thing erm because erm you often find that people who haven't got a lot of erm intellectual background they tend to erm get round it by talking so i ended
4239. about pretending something else then you you're on a straight line to success and friendship whereas in england and i when i went to cos that was erm my penultimpenultimate school when i went to i erm found that the girls were much more devious and unfortunately oh really? yeah i didn't enjoy it at all i was very very sad and very miserable and i
4240. isn't doing it in? they don't do the pe secondary oh do they not? oh right oh i saw erm a load of people today er in the other half of the school were saying oh i've got this pe research project down there and i said oh that's my cousin's cos they had university on their top oh really? did you tell em?
4241. the erm pgce and they offer them to the pgce students first and then they offer them to us cos we're doing pgce oh i see but obviously we're doing school direct yeah but yeah i think they maybe are all primary but i don't know yeah she the only place that did secondary pe was and then er cos or or or whatever it no what are
4242. ' s your cafe? yeah or where's your fiction books? or where something that's right in front of you look at the signs mm or you know it's like parents at school we sent yeah two newsletters even a text and loads of information about a reading morning we had and the parents still turn up and say when's the reading morning? oh is it today? well
4244. packs very good well i think it's very good for them and mm yeah you want the independence to do anyway we'd better go now yeah come on we will have to go yeah sorry school tomorrow
4250. to impress you with a tale yeah oh that's very sweet isn't it that was really funny that's very sweet and erm i and then the cat came and er people the school cat yeah and loads of people wanted to stroke it but i thought no you don't know where it's been and it might not like children because once it scratched yes it did scratch yes well
4251. no you don't know where it's been and it might not like children because once it scratched yes it did scratch yes well it doesn't it doesn't even belong to the school no it just kind of trots in do you know it was national cat day in japan yesterday because they love cats so they were celebrating everything to do with cats yesterday do you know what mum? sorry
4252. a little big do you want any blueberries or raspberries in there? no thanks okay i think i will keep it like this so what do you think you are going to do in forest school? mm i am going to pardon? what are you gonna do in school? i've no idea did you do school last year with? yes okay so it's still with did he do
4254. like this so what do you think you are going to do in forest school? mm i am going to pardon? what are you gonna do in school? i've no idea did you do school last year with? yes okay so it's still with did he do lots of toasting marshmallows like? we did one tast toasting marshmallows and popping popcorn oh
4255. saying oh yeah i remember her from doing d of e and she was a pain in the arse what's d of e? duke of edinburgh award and he used to run it at the school and he said this after yeah well i mean well i mean it wasn't just after she's dead but you know just cos she's dead oh it wasn't like doesn '
4257. together get it together you bastards aw what? i'm really confused by this now so i don't really get so the guy the one who's passed out that's an old school flame right who's married and has a kid but ngel has decided that that's fine and has left him a love letter let's go to school? oh i dread to think what
4260. s the thing he is the drag queen isn't he? cos we've already seen him as a drag queen yeah maybe the pers and if he's the boy from the school then he knows that that bit's true so why doesn't he think that the bit about the drag queen is true dunno or maybe he doesn't wanna believe that the other one really
4261. him a little bit about my background and we were chatting away there for over an hour brilliant yeah yeah great great and nearly at the end of it my phone went and it was the dos from that school that er i told you about wanted me to teach oh yeah? and she said oh can you do my iofs lesson on monday morning? oh great yeah i said yeah okay so do you need any
4262. you do my iofs lesson on monday morning? oh great yeah i said yeah okay so do you need any books for that? well yes but they've got one she said er in the school there where i can get photocopies from so i said right i'll i'll be er she said come come round about four o'clock i said okay so i had time to er
4263. she wanted me to do and it was only er an hour and a half class on monday morning and the way she described it is er they don't seem to be all that good as a school really cos er she said the type of work i can offer you at the moment is er is co on cover you know if if somebody er if someone's sick is calls in sick yeah and
4271. are reading a book about dragons? no i really want to yeah you want to read a book about dragons? bring it in from school? or to school? home to home to home? to school to school why? well i only like fantasy tales and s fairy tales oh mostly with dragons in fairy tales or folk tales? both well well you can borrow you can take a chris like paper bag princess
4272. a book about dragons? no i really want to yeah you want to read a book about dragons? bring it in from school? or to school? home to home to home? to school to school why? well i only like fantasy tales and s fairy tales oh mostly with dragons in fairy tales or folk tales? both well well you can borrow you can take a chris like paper bag princess george mm
4274. erm as far as work? no er i went to er another language school to enenquire down street which one? there's a itit's very difficult to find it's what name was it? er ies or is i i s e something
4275. of stuff you don't know who runs it? i've got no idea no? i was gonna say we could look up and find out what he runs yeah? he runs a language school or he did run a language school does does he? oh yeah? whether that's still he lived in erm brazil for quite a long time ah and married a brazilian girl mm and they came
4277. i was just like went like oh yeah she's straight she just wants some oh i see yeah cos you said that was her i think the last time i saw you a girl from the school got in contact yeah yeah yeah so no nenever met up with her did you ever see her? chickened out she did yeah bless her i think like i i i think you need quite a
4279. what day it is yeah maybe if you carry on when you study you can do it from home you can yeah exactly i was thinking that in in september yeah are you excited about going to your new school? yeah yeah er how are you gonna get there? train yeah and then walk? yeah and then it's like a ten minute walk from that station oh tell me more about did you go and
4280. i can't remember how many times i've been but there was like a er erm they called it like a conference day recently and it was like all the new people going to the school and the other school which is joined onto oh really? yeah so sort of like met and then like a barbeque and did like got into groups oh that's so nice yeah it was it
4281. remember how many times i've been but there was like a er erm they called it like a conference day recently and it was like all the new people going to the school and the other school which is joined onto oh really? yeah so sort of like met and then like a barbeque and did like got into groups oh that's so nice yeah it was it was good oh and
4282. like a barbeque and did like got into groups oh that's so nice yeah it was it was good oh and did you did you do you know anyone do you know anyone at the school? yeah two o two of my friends are going are going oh so they you'll all start together? yeah are you doing the same subjects? erm no i don't know not like
4283. oh eh yeah i think so we'll meet at the station and do they live in? yeah oh and they how come they al they all want to leave? just they all went to your school and they all want to leave? uhu erm i don't know i think there's loads of people leaving there's more people leaving than there is staying now in our year i
4286. she she probably well er she'd always eat all sorts as well i remember she was the one at school and she'd have any and just eat the oh yeah i mean when we had school dinners at school yeah the dinner ladies used to know me i used to just eat roast potatoes for lunch yeah that was it that was it just the roast nice and she'd always save me some oh
4288. higher and it's all shit cos they never actually do anything yep and they've been saying that to me since we got i got that job you know that it's like a school and it's just an absolute piss - take that everyone just sits back here and just accepts what's going on mm even though everyone knows it's absolute bullcrap yeah like it '
4292. eastenders? yep and get into bed i fee i'm feeling bed today i feel i'm feeling bed absolutely knackered i feel like going to bed after ten p m no on a school night i feel like i need to go to bed now all the time forever for the rest of my life i just want to just sleep and just sleep and sleep and sleep and sleep and then wake up
4293. you're better off getting an earlier bus so and then at least knowing you're there seven forty do you no seven ten seven ten because seven forty you'll get caught up in the school traffic yep seven ten then i can be in the gym for half past i probably will be there f more nearer twenty to cos i'm mm i've left my trackies and stuff at
4296. ' s involved in a lot yeah and then tennis on a monday it is still thirty miles isn't it so to go to? it's a lot of work for you guys well the school ones are okay because i do i can't pick him up until quarter past four anyway er so they do it from quarter past three to quarter past four so oh so it's additional? yeah
4299. have paid that then because you couldn't pick him up yeah and so he'd have had to stay in school regardless yeah yeah i understand yeah what do parents do about that? when the school finishes at three and people don't finish work until five or well they do what i do pay for the aftercare club but i think it's if i can pick him up by quarter past
4305. was always being made a sports captain of my form and that's good i was kind of lucky actually to be honest looking back i was lucky i was kind of naturally okay at most things at school and i really liked it you know most of the girls? they they hate sports mm like they really hate the like got a note to go out of pe mm right because just cos she said she
4320. in cos i know which one she went to it wasn't a public school and erm they no yeah like your kids went to a public school yeah they went to a bog standard private school as well and erm i said but her sister her sister went to a finishing school in switzerland that doesn't come cheap i said and from the s way she was talking i think they're
4324. you get a five - week half - term mm i certainly have never had one before i think i can remember a four - week one really? honestly yes er well the first two of the t school year are usually eight and seven and then after that supposed to be yeah usually about six maybe a seven at the end mm mm but i've never heard of a five before i've er er
4325. be yeah usually about six maybe a seven at the end mm mm but i've never heard of a five before i've er er and that was i know i was starting at a new school and it was four weeks half - term and five weeks was it a state school? it was a state school yes yeah blimey mm you you s you don't hear of that much did
4326. ve never heard of a five before i've er er and that was i know i was starting at a new school and it was four weeks half - term and five weeks was it a state school? it was a state school yes yeah blimey mm you you s you don't hear of that much did you say you've had your german oral? i have yeah on tuesday what
4327. before i've er er and that was i know i was starting at a new school and it was four weeks half - term and five weeks was it a state school? it was a state school yes yeah blimey mm you you s you don't hear of that much did you say you've had your german oral? i have yeah on tuesday what er what was it like?
4329. the people i know from are all like that what? oh you mean and all of them? no people at our school who are from they're all like that there's people from your school from? yes course there are what? that live in? no ththey were born there oh oh alright then and er they they joined in say year eight or something and what? they're
4330. re all sself - tanned? like yeah they're all they're all er on that scale yeah i think she's a good character she is yeah yeah she is actually their school have had each party in doing question time yeah haven't you? we've had in we've had in we haven't had the tory fella in yet we've had in
4331. she er have a look have a look for her romantic book on the internet it's a bit like mills and boon i think it's called northern soul revival by that reminds me of that school in where er one of the kids was like er her her stepdad had written a book and was going on and on about it and the librarian said it's a horrible book it's really
4332. last month it went up to eight fifty erm cos it downloading? well like sc i'm lazy i could go upstairs and use the computer but if i say like i get a school newsletter or i'm trying to think what other things i've downloaded er if you do you? instead of going upstairs i download it onto that phone yeah but do you should do that on wi
4338. what? where did that come from? i think if they were smallish beads well you like you like to and you like to be massaged yourself with hard massaging things at my old yoga school there used to be rocks pebbles pebbles of all different shapes and sizes and all different things and it used to really hurt but you'd like go like this see? ah and it was so nice oh
4346. comforting about that isn't it? it is isn't it? oh it's going round yes that means it's yes recording press record i'm still in the old - school way of doing things right so the green light means it's recording? well it's going round so that always used to mean yeah it's recording right yeah or some of them yeah the
4350. i can't imagine he will and when did have his last tetanus? er i don't know when was he er when do they s when er do they have a booster in school? i don't know but i've got down as a last tetanus for two thousand and two and do they last ten years? well that's what i thought do they not
4351. for something i can't remember what it was to put when he'd had his last tetanus so i phoned the doctors up and said oh i'm completing this form for school they need it out mm are you able to help me? she said oh yes that's no problem at all tap tap tap tap told me the date and i said okay i said and do you
4352. at easter and so of course the elder one erm was in reception obviously the two year old's preschool so th she ththey'd been breaking her in er to to the new school and everything where she lived and erm i was in work i mean i'm only in work one day a week but the day i was in was on the phone to his wife and i could
4355. boss be back in a minute and erm who turned out to be quite a tasty young lady actually and erm she said oh it'd it'd involve er working at a high school mm i said okay she but you'd have to start this wednesday and er it would be three lessons on a wednesday er three forty minute lessons and one on friday and i said well yeah and the
4360. s in two right what? the answer to the question is in two sentences not one that's it ah don't worry about it what? no hang on students who have no interest in school often disturb high school classes this this? oh no that's no that's this one oh yeah here that is the marker this is the marker yeah? and then you've got a question
4363. ve done it before i'm like yeah but how long have they been living toge living together here? mm since last january time so nearly yeah eight months nine months are they friends from like school? no no they she's friends with his sister oh okay and then she met through years ago erm and they kind of knew each other in passing but weren't actually friends and then when
4364. wanna do like training like training? or training? or? erm i think that would be i think that'd really suit me right if someone said to you right you can go to music school for the next two years to train is that an idea that excites you? or an idea that? i think it does excite me i think the answ i think i've been
4365. and teaching your kids to know who they are yeah cos then they'll change the world do you know there's like there's this kid at my er in my pri old primary school mm and he's he's really cool? cos he's just like he just walks like he just walks kind of calmly and cool and is really kind to everyone mm and erm
4367. facebook don't you? yeah yeah i mean i think everyone must do it what people i mean like are doing click through that like er but i don't know what people you went to school with it's like ah ha ha look at them yeah everyone must do that i think it's a natural thing isn't it? it's how you how you measure success maybe yeah
4369. jesus go to the middle east yeah well yeah we were trea treated like shit well it was a bit yeah but l no way wait that wasn't by people and j that was by the school and that was yeah yeah that's what i mean by authority by either the school or your landlords the school was our landlord wasn't it? so yeah they were absolute cunts no er
4370. it was a bit yeah but l no way wait that wasn't by people and j that was by the school and that was yeah yeah that's what i mean by authority by either the school or your landlords the school was our landlord wasn't it? so yeah they were absolute cunts no erm it was that no it was that british woman yeah it was that british woman well
4371. l no way wait that wasn't by people and j that was by the school and that was yeah yeah that's what i mean by authority by either the school or your landlords the school was our landlord wasn't it? so yeah they were absolute cunts no erm it was that no it was that british woman yeah it was that british woman well it wasn't she caused
4372. you yeah it's your it's yours it's the property of the uk government yeah and they and they any workplace is actually violating law by keeping your passport by yeah that was the school not the wasn't it? that was the the college yeah that wasn't anything to do with no no it was you know it was all the school wasn't it? mm that reminds
4376. ? but there's a new girl started in work yeah and she's from like quite she went to yeah i know went to went to private school you know academy it's a good school that she's like very well spoken and you know she's a lo lovely person you know how old is she? erm she's th she's twenty - four what's
4378. feel happy and he shows kindness to other people but he can't find that happiness himself right erm and it's so and they're sort of showing the stresses of an inner city school that's you know obviously in quite a deprived area yeah the teachers are getting told this that and the other and they put this they're very passionate and it's a brilliant film it '
4379. she quits her job and then she's skint yeah and it's erm but you know te i mean i could i could you know i could probably get another job in another school and i could carry on teaching i think for years but and i wouldn't mind doing that but i just feel a bit i feel a bit stuck really i feel a bit there's no there
4380. a really tough qualification but you you're kind of saying to yourself that er like i can the only career i could do is either be a teacher or to to be a manager of a language school that that's kind of what you can do and you know it's the there's it's good money and stuff like that and it's a good job but you know i
4381. that kind of job and it's just you know financially you have to be if you wanna be financially stable you know you've got to really find a good place and a mm really good school and i dunno i just i think i'm gonna try something else for a bit and then yeah go back to it i think it's good though that you know you're thinking of
4382. of i think is she still the minister for disabilities? i think she's still the minister for that mm she used to be a weather weather girl erm her dad and family own the flying school in john er john lennon airport oh wow running a business basically sh her position like many of them was bought right you know mini funded her old campaign and stuff like that and she what life experience has she
4384. an english language school for three years i think i think i'd much rather a candidate who who went to africa rather than just someone who'd like c sort of lazily worked in a school i think that's a much better candidate from me but er but yeah i know what you mean it's erm i mean obviously mine's probably similar to yours in the sense that even
4388. walk right down there and carry on down there until you get to the other side of the thames then you'll skip that great long circuitous route mm millennium village look that's a primary school weird so it's meant to be a a self - contained little village isn't it? a community yeah a community london's favourite village yeah right chinese restaurant yeah and there's the
4389. t you in? yeah but i also did another night class in erm i don't remember that well you didn't go i went on my own where was it? in in er school oh but she was hopeless that teacher a really really bad teacher okay yeah blame the teacher well i do blame the teacher it's u because in a in a in an evening class of two hours er
4391. so many nosebleeds erm and it actually came up on qi sort of what you do when you've got a nosebleed and i knew the answer because i can remember at school the school nurse lying me down on my back after i and okay that nosebleed was cos someone had hit me across the face with a hockey stick during the middle i mean not intentionally erm
4392. nosebleeds erm and it actually came up on qi sort of what you do when you've got a nosebleed and i knew the answer because i can remember at school the school nurse lying me down on my back after i and okay that nosebleed was cos someone had hit me across the face with a hockey stick during the middle i mean not intentionally erm so fair
4393. of what i think modern management is and the people that i was working with didn't operate under modern management they ooperated what i would have thought was cold hard old boy style old - school management styles you know i know but i love the fact that also you and used to go down to the pub every single fucking with a rebellious you know spirit which was i'll fucking turn into work
4394. got to give back as well it's got to be two way process yeah well i mean the reality behind a lot of these guys and and part of it goes back to some of the old school stuff and some of it is just their way of business thinking not they don't really have an interest in the power of the net mm they don't really yeah so you could be teaching them
4395. you think do you think they're similar to each other in terms of their like personalities? cos seems to think that yes well they're both tall vaguely blondie brownish hair both private school is private school? i'm pretty sure he's a non - board private school oh okay up in he's a little bit landed obviously he's and's so yeah slightly different
4396. you think they're similar to each other in terms of their like personalities? cos seems to think that yes well they're both tall vaguely blondie brownish hair both private school is private school? i'm pretty sure he's a non - board private school oh okay up in he's a little bit landed obviously he's and's so yeah slightly different kind of private
4397. ? cos seems to think that yes well they're both tall vaguely blondie brownish hair both private school is private school? i'm pretty sure he's a non - board private school oh okay up in he's a little bit landed obviously he's and's so yeah slightly different kind of private school vibes going on there so but er i guess they are a little
4399. i called him that was amazing and i think i've probably commented on a post of his at one point saying erm and then whatever i wanted to say and he was working at a primary school at that time and the kids started calling him and he was like no no guys my name's and and they were just like no no your name is now and he was like why have you done
4402. ' s coming up for an interview in a temple do you know it? in a temple no it's this in london and it's this really really old like centuries old kind of law school type establishment okay for lawyers to go and train to go to the bar to become barristers yes please thank you oh okay cheesy chips no i'm good honestly have some cheesy chips
4405. pay for your books? to be honest they d but i just don't let probably would if you asked yeah they would to be honest like cos it's like when you were in school and you needed a new pair of shoes and they'd pay for it yeah yeah cos it's like you know to do with your education mm but i don't know wh i
4406. don't know cos it think like i don't know if people knew how like close they ah i don't know it was so weird but w did they go to like primary school together? no they were like but then how did like you both meet? we like were it was like s me and were in like english and geography oh but we were all the same form and it
4407. he's like has to he didn't pass one of his i think he did like english gcse and he's due in college but like di he's like knows the school really well he's been there since nursery like high school mm like community school so goes from like yeah it's state but so the teachers are letting him do like just take as long as he
4409. he did like english gcse and he's due in college but like di he's like knows the school really well he's been there since nursery like high school mm like community school so goes from like yeah it's state but so the teachers are letting him do like just take as long as he needs so he's like seventeen but he's doing i think he '
4410. s a really really complicated timeline to do with zelda really? the zelda timeline couple of years ago and it was just like woah i'll show you the video that i got at school mm and the latest game is the first game in the chronology skyward sword was the first oh really? mm end of the timeline and apparently they've had this timeline lying about since like for for
4411. absolutely how long do y are you allowed to borrow the things for? just two weeks is it? yeah but they're not open in two weeks because it's half term so i to school for three they had five little monkeys five little men in a flying saucer oh right five currant buns and ten green bottles oh that's nice we've got all of them how did
4412. him a bit? yeah compared to yeah like how he was yeah yeah he's definitely got's shape face i think yeah have you been in touch with since the scarlet fever outbreak in the school and? erm i think what did? spoke to his dad yesterday they were talking about whether his dad wanted to come round and watch the villa and his dad said oh i better not oh i dunn
4414. us that's bad and there was one the vitesse one of them at gate duty at school thought this vitesse came up the the roa you know the concrete road approaching the school and thought and just before it got to us the g wh the front wheels went and went and these shatter of sparks behind him oh li oh that's gonna be expensive we were coming we were
4416. them now mm well i maintain they're similar yellow walk birds i wonder if ever did have a village pond no used to now it's a green and they know it used to because in school there were reports of boys getting in trouble for swimming in their clothes at lunchtime in the pond mm seems like a mad thing to do doesn't it? you'd be really cold for the
4417. skin yeah yeah and then i bought a or or i sold it to you for twenty p yeah sold it to me and i buried it in a garden and then two weeks later i fell over at school and knocked it right off mm so we mi so it worked we want our money back oh there's all sorts of sold super i mean like when you you spill salt you're supposed to chuck
4419. was still lost i di no didn't find anywhere you never did find what you were looking for? no no mm oh i often dream i'm back at school i dream of the old school and all the desks and things you know yeah i'm go i want my childhood back playing on the abacus yeah counting your shells oh when we first started school when we was only in the
4420. i dream of the old school and all the desks and things you know yeah i'm go i want my childhood back playing on the abacus yeah counting your shells oh when we first started school when we was only in the infants five we had little they used to give us little tobacco tins full of these little erm carry shells yeah for counting i used to love them they were so s
4421. for counting with mm do do your sums you know and counting them out lovely them ah but they're going on now aren't they it's such a big deal about children reading primary school and they can't read and i thought my god i could read when i was five and so could so could you and i thought well all the kids in our family that's because the parents
4422. or playing with plasticine and making things painting creative things you know and i think yeah now she's she's got a lovely job she's erm a class assistant yeah at that school and that is a lot of what she does working with the children doing all sorts of mm activities and making things you know and yeah and she loves it you know and and she's also been on
4425. be happy but you've also got to have enough to blooming live on as well yeah yeah well that's the thing i was thinking if she's given up her job at the school which she was really enjoying cos she couldn't afford her rent anymore to do something she didn't enjoy that would be really sad but if she is mm enjoying it then that's not
4426. of me yeah that will be hard then erm it's also it's really really annoyi well not annoying more sad my mum is probably gonna be made redundant oh no so her school erm her school became an academy okay and so the academy just came in and basically is just making everybody okay redundant and restructuring so oh that's so shit yeah she's apparently being made redundant
4427. will be hard then erm it's also it's really really annoyi well not annoying more sad my mum is probably gonna be made redundant oh no so her school erm her school became an academy okay and so the academy just came in and basically is just making everybody okay redundant and restructuring so oh that's so shit yeah she's apparently being made redundant and their last day
4431. like from one year to the next year you have to adapt it for the children you've got and so it wouldn't be i mean it still would eventually if you stayed in the same school and taught the same year for a few years yeah it would get easier mm i've just never really got to that stage uh fishing boring don likes fishing oh not another one i know i always i
4434. moving your office you're just lecturing? no no but yeah educa's the the old wooden building isn't it? the old building the one that's the c the school yeah yeah how about the school kids are are they staying there or? it's not the school it is a university building so inside i know but they but they have don't they have the
4437. ' t it? isn't it? yeah that's the one that's opposite the isn't it so that's a roman catholic cathedral they call it we have that at school like that one yeah so i thought the roman catholic cathedral was that the top of er road no it isn't is it? no is that is you're right yeah i think it's
4438. there's some experiments mm oh he oh and erm mm we did the process of it oh right and then that was actually my piece and it's really big and it's at school it's a massive piece isn't it? yeah it's probably about as long as this table is it? mm yeah? well so so that was one though interview pieces and then i
4443. like so yeah loads of jokes we used to know didn't we? a load yeah we don't especially you lot used to come we don't hear them you used to come from school with these jokes getting yeah we used to get and tell us jokes i i've not heard any jokes for ages no they seem to have no died out there i used to i used to get loads
4444. like what's that doing? n i don't remember that really? i don't remember that cos i used to work like if you go up from the pretty much that my school in my last year was there so i always used to go and sit and read ah yeah like toward like inland or like towards the coast? erm inland towards so like just before between like and the
4447. interviews i've ever been in but you normally have to teach a lesson so it's like a whole day interview so you go for a day and you'll have a tour of the school probably meet members of staff and stuff you'll teach a lesson that lots of people will watch and then you'll have an interview with several people mm and they'll do that with maybe four
4448. in the teaching world yeah which is why if you apply for a job where they decide not to bother doing it in that way mixed makes it all a bit and when do you have to let your school know that you don't want to to renew your job then? eh so if i've signed my new contract easter because i didn't not till the end of july cos my contract
4449. well it's a pretty dumb dumb idea in the isn't it? well i think they should have made it half a term cos that's what state schools are so in state school you have to give onl you can only leave at the end of the term and you have to give your notice by half term okay in order to leave at the end so there are only three times
4452. do if you're french i have a two hour lunch break except all the teachers tend to have wine in their lunch break and then go back to lessons do they actually? no yeah okay the school i was in it was free so there was free wine with the that's good the staff canteen so all the teachers would have a bit and apparently we only had one teacher who had a problem with
4453. some of the time you wouldn't have a a lesson as such you'd have like a homework class like time to do your homework? yeah so you're supervised mm what kind of school was it? it was a private school for em i don't really it ran the whole way so from preschool through to oh right sort of university entrance exams yeah huge did the preschool have a two
4454. have a a lesson as such you'd have like a homework class like time to do your homework? yeah so you're supervised mm what kind of school was it? it was a private school for em i don't really it ran the whole way so from preschool through to oh right sort of university entrance exams yeah huge did the preschool have a two hour lunch break? no the preschool i
4455. huge did the preschool have a two hour lunch break? no the preschool i wasn't i don't know what their timetable was like at all okay is that cos it was an independent school or private school? which bit? ends at six? em i i think generally they tend to have quite long school days cos they don't in the state schools as well cos they don
4456. preschool have a two hour lunch break? no the preschool i wasn't i don't know what their timetable was like at all okay is that cos it was an independent school or private school? which bit? ends at six? em i i think generally they tend to have quite long school days cos they don't in the state schools as well cos they don't do
4457. what their timetable was like at all okay is that cos it was an independent school or private school? which bit? ends at six? em i i think generally they tend to have quite long school days cos they don't in the state schools as well cos they don't do wednesday afternoons and they don't do saturday they do saturday mornings but not they all do saturday morning
4461. so well actually hasn't played in ages because of his tennis commitments i've even asked to tell that he can't be relied on as a member of the team sai when sees at school then asks him to play in the matches and he always says yes so erm so that's where the misunderstanding has come i said but next season oh said if they want to play next season he
4471. but the thing is he would get in a fight so you're always on the side wouldn't he? choose the sensible thing to do you don't need to be in fights at school okay? what you and your mate? yeah prob bad man you got a problem with that? yeah i have why what is it? my problem is that it's not cool or clever or
4473. name is he better than? i would probably pick over him you would? where does he play? right back i think but he was i've never seen him like does he play for the school teams? no why? is he not allowed if he's playing for a no he is he is it's just he's er oh he is? is that cos he's
4474. ' s er oh he is? is that cos he's not good enough? yeah he is well over why doesn't he play then? why wouldn't you play for the school team if you loved football? he's probably playing football cos after school as well he doesn't just go one day a week that's why he prob he goes he goes about
4479. yeah but they think there's three thousand people in right well that's because i if you think of two and a half people or three and a half people to one household yeah cos school is about five hundred pupils in that mm isn't there yeah it's quite a lot i saw erm's daughter did you? what was she up to? she was doing a stall
4483. s morgan yeah he's from birmingham oh right and he went to which is where i did um some of my training no way yeah he was doing a workshop a drama workshop with students from the school and er it was on midlands today mm mm i think it was a good idea to get the pepperoni on this mm it's gorgeous isn't it yeah very nice i had a pizza at
4484. maybe if you want when er you get the fish baby fish is the word for baby fi fairly sure baby fish isn't well just reminds me what did i learn that was er the difference between school and shoal shoal one is a mixture of different fish and one's i think a school is one er that would be the school one that's er oh i was gonna say that would
4485. baby fish isn't well just reminds me what did i learn that was er the difference between school and shoal shoal one is a mixture of different fish and one's i think a school is one er that would be the school one that's er oh i was gonna say that would be the shoal yeah and the school is all the same fish that's what i would have
4486. me what did i learn that was er the difference between school and shoal shoal one is a mixture of different fish and one's i think a school is one er that would be the school one that's er oh i was gonna say that would be the shoal yeah and the school is all the same fish that's what i would have said i dunno anyway at least we
4487. mixture of different fish and one's i think a school is one er that would be the school one that's er oh i was gonna say that would be the shoal yeah and the school is all the same fish that's what i would have said i dunno anyway at least we know what it is no you get like in nature programmes yeah it's shoals there's

Cluster 2
32. had the same part - time job growing up mm when he went to uni he kept it cos he went to uni in the same place he grew up in mm he never changed high school mm so the same types of people um he could stay friends with some pe er some people from his cos he went from high school to hnd mm so he did leave his friends then but he
69. proud of me? i got a b in my french she was like i'm proud of everything you do i'm like oh this is this is mm why he needs to be a primary school teacher this is what you need a primary school the compliment teacher to be yeah and he tries to he would be a perfect primary school teacher i know maybe we should suggest all of his ideas everything he does
180. can do this you know? yeah the world is my oyster i can do anything i want yeah it's true and you've proved it yeah so i've also worked as a primary school teacher yeah and er i was gonna continue working there but then i got head hunted mm another about e only for a short time did another year as a yeah as a primary school teacher mm mm my own
279. going to scotland yeah coming back via the lake district oh wow right? yeah and then they're going to for the weekend they're going to? really? that's all in the school holidays with with the kids? or without the kids? with no the kids are going all the time okay erm erm yeah yeah erm oh wow cos's a great one for planning
289. people who were oxbridge candidates and things like that yeah we had people going to oxford every year from our school oh right like the big school? yeah and they but it was they were former grammar school students mm? you know in our school going to the town centre? mm? we're going to the town centre oh we could probably but what you did have was a strong sense of erm
324. ##ing right sorry yeah that's when it starts to get has yours and's cycles synced? oh yeah totally no i think it was we were doing we were out camping once in high school i think and we had a grou i think it was duke of edinburgh and the old girls consistently were the worst oh it's and like the most cos they had too much tension yeah it
364. most of the time the computers were busy nobody had a laptop you had that massive desktop with that humongous monitor that took up the whole desk oh my god yeah and i told them at middle school i was the computer girl cos we had one computer in our middle school and that was the library computer that every night was locked away and every night i went in and got it and i was like
405. i mean they play at school i guess but it's chores when they come home and it's not chores it's school again i mean oh studies yeah if you take the average high school student they pretty much in a lot of the schools live on site they'll go to school they'll go to school at like seven am they'll finish school at like five or six then
499. his dad and then and then good question though yeah and then he thought oh what was the point? and so but he wanted to do art how old was he? he was like it was high school right and then he wanted to do art so he took up like he was doing art but his dad wanted him to join the army but because his dad's dead and grandad is dead now i
538. the mean time i said you know it's not you know said well i didn't know i said it afterwards not in his in his presence i said was a principle officer in the old school country er my pay grade is scale five which has five scales then you've got scale six which has five scales then you've got so one which is three scales then you've got so
832. i hardly see him at all now he doesn't live at home how nice got the place to yourself so where where's he living? oh got a lovely flat there with ssome old school friends of his so oh that's nice and he's very happy brilliant and what's mm doing? she started a new job today did she? oh mm yeah well so what's
958. bloody place? i guess that is going that way isn't it? no cos it was on a front oh i don't know probably one of the main roads in and out yeah school holidays still isn't it? they don't go back till next week do they? no thursday i think goes back i think and i think er's thursday next thurs next thursday gonna
999. legible handwriting yeah it's legible it's not it's not it's very standard it's not nice but it's legible yeah lines i remember in primary school you when you started doing sentences you had to do a finger space after the full stop to start your oh yeah some people's fingers were quite big some people got some sort of deformity but
1349. up there but i'm not i'm only going to which is like south oh okay before you get at the bebefore you actually reach yeah and also because it's the school holidays the roads are amazing i know i ac it's so fucking annoying that the i the reason there is traffic is because of the schools i know it's really annoying it's really really
1667. home she ran upstairs got her dressing gown thing and snuck out i said and her very words were i felt like i was ru i er i ran to the car i felt like i was a naughty school child i er well there's the problem there is the problem why? that child's got all the power in the house why would you feel like a naughty school child? that girl's
1680. into city centre like two days after christmas on the twenty - seventh oh cos we were gonna meet a couple was it quite mad? yeah yeah we were meeting a couple of's like old school friends mm like in a pub near the centre so we thought we'd go in you know and there were a couple of thi but yeah it was quite busy mm crazy didn't entirely like
1715. in if it's an engineer engineers sorry come on in but i'm not i'm not happy when bob who's come from romania with i don't think dad no high school degree and a you know it's well not fair up from romania without a high school degree is working in the fields that no english will do the job they're not it's not true
1816. two years and then dropped it why? because the others did they have a head start on you? well because they understood about english grammar why? because well because they had been taught it in primary school whereas at at but at you you would probably have been speaking with erm not necessarily grammatically correctly you would have been that's right hearing sentences which weren't grammatically correct that's
1916. school like after hours public school is just day care we're just looking after the children so they oh what so they all go to private or after the school? it sucks mate the average high school student goes to school at seven o'clock finishes at six o'clock has a one - hour break and then goes to a private school until midnight or one o'clock and then does homework and
2022. both now you've met two s i've met two s you haven't met the best i think i've probably met the best at some point in my life went to primary school with them all he was best mates with my friend's best friend friend's brother my friend yeah erm i dunno if you've met the one without the baby her brother one without
2160. way we're flogging a yes great that's good wonderful teamwork what team? wildcats team wildcats oh sorry wildcats nailed it erm yeah yeah oh that childhood propaganda that is high school musical what? high school musical? yeah er ex er discuss and explore the idea of well high school musical as propaganda i don't know all the haven't read all the theories of no no
2239. be like gobbledygook hopefully mm erm they you'll you'll be able to do it like imagi i think somebody if you were t like do you remember in primary school or like early high school and they're like right go away find out about something and then write an essay on it and then write about like what you found out? like literally just treat it as
2245. s amazing the house looks gorgeous its got like erm games room in it and stuff oh yeah so bar we're going there in july cos obviously we got to wait for to go onto school holidays yeah and erm so it's for their sixtieth but also turns thirty a few days before we go as well yeah that's exciting oh that's really cute yeah really nice
2254. one of two things you can either walk to and pick up which is what er lots and lots of people do and you can do that some days but other days you might want to do an after school club cos there are as well as lunchtime clubs there are after school one as well so there's or er or i'll be in detention you will never be in detention i hope young
2314. s like flirt twat flirt oh flirt flirt what? how old is she? all day seven eight? seven does she even know what flirting is? that's all i did at school primary school yeah but you don't er know what it is until you're at least a bit older she's well sexual man she's super super sexual yeah you told us the story about the
2414. that? there was a carrot who was used for oh herbie carrot? herbie carrot herbie's birthday and everything yeah yeah his name they don't give us herbie at secondary school he's only primary school herbie there are too many obligations and northumberland have a clown a clown? did the last one you know his does this one for oh i forgot to get last week '
2532. having sugar and all those sorts of things yeah mm well it's even though it was probably quite a limited diet yeah but i mean nowadays there's there are something like fifty percent of primary school children see the trouble is are obese when it's there i have to eat it yeah yeah that would all be gone well would it? why would you want to stop? yeah oh i i
2533. it is i was just trying to be difficult about it oh well done that's better oh god someone's posted on yik yak i've got my first dentist appointment since primary school tomorrow best clean my tooth before i go ah that's funny i really need a nigel thornberry scat shower curtain no you don't it's forty pounds but i need it can '
2615. beginning of january i thought oh my god i'd have been going home every day i i didn't come this way to work but cos i go through because it's not the school holiday er yeah school term but i was coming home this way every time and i was thinking jesus christ you get so used to the route every day you don't think about it you know where the
2669. know when the train's when the coach is coming there was loads of people in all shoved in that little i can imagine mm that's horrendous isn't it? all school kids should be compensation i would imagine that er we cos i get on the train with all the school kids yeah i imagine the stock answer is yeah we're gonna arrange a coach but it won
2737. one yeah it's cool oh actually yes i have been to the one actually when did you go to then? erm i went with school i think did you? yeah erm on a school trip don't know what it was for but i think it was english or something i can't remember that was like a couple of years ago i went i went to the with school did you
2838. i am a supervisor actually yeah write it down put it in ink can i put that? yeah look it was so nice to tick all those boxes it is nice isn't it? yeah secondary school college graduate and postgraduate you've done yeah i've got quite a few people that just tick the first one and then they're like ah kind of makes me feel a bit bad yeah supervisor
2876. s called physics? no she does physics and then she does ice skating what does that mean she does physics? like literal science? yeah like she was going to study that at uni or high school a movie yeah there's a movie wait is it a real movie? yeah it's a real movie and it's called the ice princess this one i mean like is it a real people
2929. whereas's twenty - four how we've grown up so so kinda the same age as us basically mm well the same age as me not twenty - four quite yet but just essentially the same school years yeah same school year so yeah no is twenty - five my housemate oh right yeah so kind of as in it's it's i mean this is not a big yeah yeah mm twenty
2940. up by not going in the first term you know? like it's not even the end of the first term yet we've got halfway through the first term if somebody had gone through high school saying i wanna drop out because i've messed up my first term and year like you'd tell them it was pointle that was that would be silly wouldn't it? because they '
3009. though you mean when you pr oh the first one that i can really consciously yeah clearly remember having i i don't remember having really like much of a i remember having like polio at junior school or something i don't think i had an injection in junior school er or was that a drop? like do they give you it in your mouth yeah isn't that sort of a sugar there
3017. thought were the cool kids jacks yes everywhere in in in ire in scotland they're all jimmies because i i literally grew up with three oh jimmy jimmy different jacks in my primary school class oh really? i i was er i was r our school was row d in a rowing team mm? we i was ro in a rowing and it had six michaels in it and it's
3084. enough that even cos i'm meant to you always have to make examples of year sevens because it kind of sets sets their path yeah and he does something and the teacher was like right after school detention where you have to obviously check with the parents and the mum was like no and he needs to be home so we could never give him after school detention after school detention ah and he knew we could
3092. ' t really blame her for that yeah i think that's the thing when you're kind of forced into she was straight out of high school so she yeah yeah still carried on with high school attitudes you have to understand these things as a teacher i often think that some of the best teachers will probably be students who weren't very good students i wasn't a very good student at school
3095. yeah i guess you that aren't really good at school yeah have like empathy with them i think don't take things too personally i wouldn't have liked to have taught me at high school i don't think the two of us were you two bad? you went to the same school right? you went to the same school? yeah yeah yeah yeah that was that all girls? we
3186. and er the bridesmaids should be carrying a bouquet but the bridesmaids will be carrying a lanto oh mm how many bridesmaids is she having? three yeah are there any old school friends? one's an old school friend one is her well they they would both be their her sister - in - laws yeah oh so erm should get in to do some snow effects well yes
3237. don't i get the easy questions ever? oh oh please what does the heart pump around the body? oh is it is it water? well done you'll never make it through medical school and look at me now being a surgeon specialising in the heart which as we all know pumps urine around the body right er your turn yes it is oh god i get to pick yellow hell none because it
3309. do modern history? so anything from you know nineteen forty - five i think is when they actually class modern history but anything you know in the nineteen hundreds did you not do any of that in secondary school? or not really? i'm trying to find you a list of the monarchs here i am listening they um they did it in the second school i went to in year eight mm in the first
3462. the erm that was lovely you know that was really great because they were at that age where you could see they're about to gra you know matriculate yes yes yes from high school what they call high school and go off into to universities and do whatever they were starting life so i did actually quite like that age i thought that was nice mm yes yes yes oh i can imagine yes
3579. dinosaur i don't know cos like i feel like maybe it's cos we're so y i remem i distinctly remember sitting in our brand new it suite in high school in primary school even yeah and i distinctly remember going oh yeah they were like you know the big white ones the massive ones weren't they? oh right oh no i was at like cos it
3607. print that's it and but she was really nice and she was just like i'm really sorry but this is what you have to do yeah yeah turned out this lady was actually my high school librarian oh she recognised me i kind of you know vaguely thought i recognised her but she recognised me and she still didn't let you do it no i still well i got my mum to come in
3772. it? i it's absolutely twisted i felt so so sorry for this yeah it was just the circircumstances yeah you know she she was a a a a a young primary school teacher yeah alright she er she innocent in a way innocent yeah yeah and and had a relationship with a married man man man yeah okay she shouldn't have but so but there we are there you go
3850. should be cos she used to take classes that's right it's funny isn't it? yes it's all and and she ta also taken all of those erm sunday school children out er for rides mm and she used to put on concerts for them too yeah it's interesting in their local chapel but i suppose they were younger so maybe she felt confident yes i suppose she
3911. the academic who was the differences that i've always thought e if anybody said to me what do you teach? i would say kids yeah they're a thing yes whereas any of my grammar school teachers would've said biology or chemistry or english that's a good one yeah you know? yeah but doesn't it give you difference? yeah it does it does the different attitude it does
4063. you even say that? well it's j is the initial yeah and then it's his first name is what's your name? how do? we had a we had a primary school teacher called mr noon mr what? mr noon noon? so every afternoon good afternoon mr noon afternoon mr noon so yeah he got pissed off the thing is like he must've had that like his entire
4065. to get ripped to pieces oh god trying to think think of if we had any really bad teacher names worst miss which also got alalways got changed to miss matt pickle cos as primary school kids that was like the cutting edge like of creativity yeah matt pickle oh i re ah i remembered something that i tried to remember from like before christmas now thirty - two no it's mr?
4092. after yeah midday true yeah but i did it before yeah we have to you know when when i was in you know when i was in primary school they did a they did a erm a whole school assembly they're looking good they're pretty much ready to this great they're ready huh? when i was in school primary school they did a whole school assembly and they did like a two
4118. to but er my mate my mate there erm he is three years younger than us? even no four years younger how old is he? he's two years younger or he's three school years younger three school years younger he just moved onto our quality improvement team mm mm he hasn't got a degree he left he left college with actually really good a levels but he didn't go
4131. live here so it's like you know? the indie kids do all this but the rest of us just live here live here right and we're just normal people who want to graduate high school or whatever and erm and then occasionally the world of the indie kids and the characters of the novel will cross over like at one point they run over a deer with glowing eyes and then the deer comes
4149. i kn i know it's it's like james bond yeah is it as dramatic as james bond? probably not no oh i wanna work at mi5 see what it actually entails? school leavers yes oh lovely graduates we recognise that y this could be oh better get started i want to do something interesting and exciting you need to get started and do something exciting and interesting yeah that's
4167. s going to take him six months i wouldn't hold your breath yeah no but he said it had been good you were better than the other one the other woman is not erm a primary school teacher she's just a someone that's been tutoring for a long time and isn't very up to date on things according to she is quite old as well okay uhu but he
4361. what? the answer to the question is in two sentences not one that's it ah don't worry about it what? no hang on students who have no interest in school often disturb high school classes this this? oh no that's no that's this one oh yeah here that is the marker this is the marker yeah? and then you've got a question what may stop h
4362. ? oh no that's no that's this one oh yeah here that is the marker this is the marker yeah? and then you've got a question what may stop h good high school students from learning? oh so you've gotta do two things? yeah they've got to circle the marker can i use your book? are you drawing on my book? i i usually do
4445. wanted something to do in that those three weeks didn't he? yeah because which is fair enough because he's er he's off yeah also we wanna steer clear of summer holidays and school holidays because we won't get erm we won't get the place cos they'll be booked up in the summer'll only get the cheap deals outside of the school holidays yeah
4466. s all this? and said oh it was a misunderstanding i out at this you know i was at the careers talk and they didn't know well obviously he didn't get an after - school detention or that's his story no well do you believe anything he says? no said erm he said if i ever hear that that gets an after - school detention i just laugh cos i

Cluster 3
0. ' t understand what you're saying you need to be clear he's saying have you ever seen? so did anybody comment on you being at the brownies promise evening? pardon? at school well you were having the best time ever weren't you? having loads of snacks and things i thought it was brilliant yeah it was i liked still good what was good? the flowers? the flap
4. away here we control let me control watch done yes yes yes no more empty room mm mm mm mm ow that's my foot mm mm mm mm get off ow so what did you do at school today? well kept pushing me mm no and kicking no i didn't like why don't you tell me what was your first lesson of the day? the register register? yeah was everyone there
7. tea anybody? um no thank you yes i'll have some thank you er that's the one atlantic that's the one i was thinking of you muppet a primary school an infant school child would know that i wasn't taught that really? yeah i don't know it what were you taught? about the tudors mostly what were you taught in geography? um how to colour
9. three sandwiches i can't see the point of egg in sushi oy oy um huh mm school geography has really taken a plummet um so what er what what were you taught in school geography? school geography? um do you know what a tectonic plate is? yeah what? so the all the bits that are on the surface of the earth all technol tectonic plates
10. can't see the point of egg in sushi oy oy um huh mm school geography has really taken a plummet um so what er what what were you taught in school geography? school geography? um do you know what a tectonic plate is? yeah what? so the all the bits that are on the surface of the earth all technol tectonic plates and they move
13. me a a sort of kit um what's it ca? a kit yes survival kit no but no what's the what's the word when you used to go to sort of boarding school? um yeah it was like a hamper trunk? a trunk yeah with sort of a oh there's a there's a word for it trunk yeah there's a word for it um
14. tools in the box those two when you look at them i don't know they're just llads really aren't they? i think they're the kind of people that left school and went straight on to like building sites and stuff you know? mm if his dad's a chippy he's probably done his apprenticeship when he was on his six - week holidays or getting
15. like building sites and stuff you know? mm if his dad's a chippy he's probably done his apprenticeship when he was on his six - week holidays or getting er suspended from secondary school or whatever and instead of going to college or whatever he's done that erm well if you're ha as long as you're happy with them i mean they won't be a
21. a week loophole now have they? so you so the students can't work twenty hours a week now at all? no unless they're at university if you're at a language school now you have to fund the entire thing yourself you can't work twenty hours a week that used to be the case last year mm up until last year now you're only allowed to do that
28. breakfast er you know when you come down there's the cornflakes you know and er there's a bowl nice introduction to english culture isn't it yeah and then they arrive at school and some twit starts making them jump up and down and sing bohemian rhapsody puts it on youtube my god what is wrong with these people? but it's ah yeah ridiculous but i mean the
29. you ever cried with happiness? erm probably yeah i have yeah? that's cos i that's when i learned to ride a bike did you cry with happiness? yeah oh at school? yeah and how was everybody? were they supportive? or were they just like oh my goodness is crying? no erm i was i erm my friends erm and er were there right and
31. re away i'll be straight in there and and they'll be toasted and then and mum we'll had cctv cameras and then no one will turn up to get you from school and you will say i think we need to go home and find mum and there i would be lying in a corner shaking with with delirium from having too much sugar like like are you a good
33. the same place he grew up in mm he never changed high school mm so the same types of people um he could stay friends with some pe er some people from his cos he went from high school to hnd mm so he did leave his friends then but he lived near them so it wasn't an issue yeah went to hnd but then obviously you don't then leave college and go
38. about my a - level results cos i wasn't speaking to them then mm um but i got my gcse results mm um and what happened was cos i was really lazy at school really lazy um i mean you would never know cos you know i'm such a non - lazy person you are a non - lazy person yeah course you are the definition of a non - lazy
41. away oh gatwick yeah no we don't want gatwick really if i can help it i mean hm i've got huh sort of friends of friends mm and old sort of school friends i don't see very often who still live in brighton but i i would basically just be staying there to sleep yeah yeah yeah and i don't wanna take the piss so i'd
44. ' s angel? one of them right eleven and what does she do now? god that's quite dedicated isn't it? for a teenager fa like given the option of not going to school yeah to go actually i'm gonna go to school what? it's mental isn't it what? is she not twelve years old? is she? she looks like she has and all
45. does she do now? god that's quite dedicated isn't it? for a teenager fa like given the option of not going to school yeah to go actually i'm gonna go to school what? it's mental isn't it what? is she not twelve years old? is she? she looks like she has and all mm did she not say sixty - nine grandchildren? i
50. away with have come back or something i don't know mm but er see they the they came round ours they were very well spoken mm the children were the kids were fantastic he took them to school every day not terribly well dressed but mm yeah he was brilliant and then his i don't know whether it was his wife or his mistress or what he was that it was weren't it her
51. ##how he just he just must have lost his marbles and yeah and er yeah he was found hanging in mm in that house that house when but the children were all was ages before they at high school weren't they? he'd brought yeah he'd put them up from from when they were tiny to high school he brought them up brilliantly he really did and then we don't
52. that house when but the children were all was ages before they at high school weren't they? he'd brought yeah he'd put them up from from when they were tiny to high school he brought them up brilliantly he really did and then we don't know what happened then and then something went wrong mm cos we lost contact with him yeah and the next thing we knew he
53. oh my go every day no i dunno on his way to work? what? no no it's just like who who who was it? birds er like being attacked on the way to school's a really common thing no no no there was a story by birds? yeah on no there's a story by girls? getting swooped like crows? yeah and like crows are fucking angry
54. was there was a rule you had to play like three games a week or something so i had i've never been in chess club i think it was like i think it was after like after school stuff when you had to stay after school and like wow yeah and it was a play centre what like for detention or just for like? yeah no it's like if your parents are at work or
55. play like three games a week or something so i had i've never been in chess club i think it was like i think it was after like after school stuff when you had to stay after school and like wow yeah and it was a play centre what like for detention or just for like? yeah no it's like if your parents are at work or something yeah and you can't go
60. like do anything she's really creative that involves common sense and apparently she used to be really really clever oh right like mega clever but then obviously if you were a nerd when you were in school you don't have friends so she pretended that she were really dumb and then she pretended for that long that she became dumb that's what it sounds like yeah and apparently that's what happened
61. only band i haven't actually seen all my favourite bands now apart from arctic monkeys i know them personally i might er i know really? personally my erm ex - boyfriend used to go to school with him and they're still best friends now oh cool and the whole time that we were going out a few year ago now they were just becoming famous cool so he used to hang around with all
62. long as i've known she's said's the sensible one very oh righ level headed well i mean was always erm's always been a bit you know even at primary school she always had a lot yeah a lot to say didn't she? yeah yeah a lot of a lot of and she's backchat and chat yeah you you just put it down to
63. yeah yeah a lot of a lot of and she's backchat and chat yeah you you just put it down to there was a lot in their class though wasn't there in primary school? there was a lot of kids like that she's just yeah i wouldn't have said as noticeable cos because of all the because the really bad ones yeah yeah it was a shame for
64. a couple of years ago zero nothing no symptoms whatsoever really? she said just her period stopped she hasn't had one for a year two years whatever nothing no symptoms i know was just saying at school that she went five years without a period and she's just had a period oh she said i don't know what's going on we laughed that's weird of course and said it
71. oh this is this is mm why he needs to be a primary school teacher this is what you need a primary school the compliment teacher to be yeah and he tries to he would be a perfect primary school teacher i know maybe we should suggest all of his ideas everything he does how he treats his pupils like if a primary school child seven - year - old or something was lying on the table yeah you need
72. compliment teacher to be yeah and he tries to he would be a perfect primary school teacher i know maybe we should suggest all of his ideas everything he does how he treats his pupils like if a primary school child seven - year - old or something was lying on the table yeah you need to go are you alright? do you need and if it's a fifteen - year - old and you're
74. what it is and for people like me and you we're never gonna fucking stay there for the rest of our lives no it's so cold i know i'm freezing but i left school like and no one knows this about me you're the only person that knows this i left school with no gcses at all don't matter like i had no gcses not because
75. rest of our lives no it's so cold i know i'm freezing but i left school like and no one knows this about me you're the only person that knows this i left school with no gcses at all don't matter like i had no gcses not because i weren't smart enough to sit them but i were getting bullied that much that i stopped
76. ##cses at all don't matter like i had no gcses not because i weren't smart enough to sit them but i were getting bullied that much that i stopped going to school it it don't matter though does it? look at what you're doing now no but the point is like the difference is between people like i know a girl who was in the free press
77. as fuck do you know where she is now? she works in a fucking nightclub she's the same age as me she doesn't give a fuck and that's the difference i left school with no gcses cos i got bullied or whatever the bullshit that happened yet i'm in a fucking reputable university a redbrick university and i'm doing fucking well for myself
79. in a position of power and i took on cockney yes cos my mum was gonna send me to elocution lessons elocution lessons were the all the rage at my school my junior school elocution classes fuck knows why well because people still maybe it's cos everyone had a west country burr had that had that as a it's not so much now because you can have
80. much to my parents dismay but they sent me there you know? you wanted me to come out like something different you should have sent me to somewhere posh you should have been sent to a convent school you you sent me to a comprehensive school i'm sorry little delicate flower like you i came out should have gone to a different little beautiful to what you wanted gentian like you should have gone to
81. me there you know? you wanted me to come out like something different you should have sent me to somewhere posh you should have been sent to a convent school you you sent me to a comprehensive school i'm sorry little delicate flower like you i came out should have gone to a different little beautiful to what you wanted gentian like you should have gone to a a gentian a a little nun
82. should have gone to a different little beautiful to what you wanted gentian like you should have gone to a a gentian a a little nunnunnery and a well it was a a convent school but it was comprehensive to prepare you for the nunnery i could have gone into that they would have approved probably right come on darling before it dies the whole catholic thing again it won't die unless
88. she was you know if you are a server or you have some connection with the church it's lovely yeah it's lovely aha family link yes yes yes yeah cos actually was at school with my son really? mm mm i mean we knew the before we even moved here because was in's class and was in's class did you? at? mm oh right okay so where
91. m happy to write you a note to say you've been on holiday because you're not allowed to i thought it was a fair point actually you're not allowed to take holidays in school time so you've taken your holiday in half - term so therefore you can't do your homework as well and i thought to be fair that that's a fair comment she said if you
92. an extension of maybe a few days because if he's been given a week of half - term to do his homework and he's gone on holiday and you have to take your holiday in school in the school holiday time and you can't take it any other time ah cos they will fine you therefore he's on holiday so she's erm i'm willing to write
94. anything in so that's that's a plus a bonus yeah anyway i thought it was a good fair point of to say well just get an extension yeah you insist we take our holiday in school time he's had the holiday so therefore he hasn't been he hasn't been doing homework but then expected to do homework in the holiday at that age and what year is he in?
98. ' s only gone and booked into that oh you've not been to garden centre you've missed every event they've had it's like school dinners but worse really worse and like school dinners with really uncomfortable chairs mm that's very true it's really horrible and she wants to book in there again auntie? apparently uncle but everybody said he won't come er's
100. maybe walk outside for some fresh air with mum you'll just have to deal with it for you've not been to this place it's horrible it's school dinners but worse mum school dinners there are so many places you could go even is better uh yeah in fact why didn't they why didn't they just choose? it's very similar to actually isn't it
103. as a child there i can actually imagine you now and i'm just gonna see if it's correct i was so cute oh embarrassing might be something oh god these are just like from primary school fucking hell oh my god shit oh god wow this is so bad oh my god no no is that you? did you die your hair ginger? i forgot i did that i forgot i did that no
104. how did you get to that age without acquiring that? yeah well cos you learn it from other people don't you cos people judge you mm well you know when you're at school yeah so i don't know if he just lived on cloud cuckoo land or had no friends or or mercifully was one of the few people that was not you know bullied or teased at
105. so i don't know if he just lived on cloud cuckoo land or had no friends or or mercifully was one of the few people that was not you know bullied or teased at school mm wow how strange? i said i said to i've never met anyone like that no it's really rare mm it must be really nice well he's got it off her now oh
109. the thing people say oh god you've got gorgeous hair how lucky are you? no think how many hours of my lifetime yeah i've wasted doing hair like when i was a kid at school i remember i used to have to you know actually have a routine for school every day's the same isn't it? yeah half an hour a day to do my hair blimey seems
110. you? no think how many hours of my lifetime yeah i've wasted doing hair like when i was a kid at school i remember i used to have to you know actually have a routine for school every day's the same isn't it? yeah half an hour a day to do my hair blimey seems a bit excessive it is innit? yeah i mean i suppose that '
111. no no no no no and you were like yeah that's exactly what happened or like finding out where babies come from in the playground i mean it's such an education isn't it school i don't remember finding out where babies come from ow you remember him? bastard ruined my life i don't remember at all what? what happened? is it or did you see all those
112. them right or we charge a damage waver um but the woman i was talking to was really awfully awfully ah bit cambridge um yeah so awfully awfully and he boy went to boys school oh right um and they wanted to have a masquerade ball or some sort of something like that there'd only be eighty of them bluh bluh bluh so i thought ooh this
114. in the car so that i don't leave it behind again i tried to look to see if there were any ebay postcards of what's it called? mount in india your old school darling but there's a in massachusetts or or right or somewhere mm so that's all you get right no this no this is just the most magical pair cos it's the very ship
115. would you like to talk about? i don't know you see i've been talking all day with the little one my brain's gone dead er i've been talking all at school no actually we can well it's up to you we could just stop if you like erm that was a joke by the way do you get it? no cos it was like i was
116. him? no i'm only doing this for you oh okay watch how about? games i don't really have an interest have you seen any games that was called how you getting on at school? i'm getting on fine at school give me more detail more detail have you had any tests recently? oh the maths the maths teacher he he said to me okay like when he was
117. for you oh okay watch how about? games i don't really have an interest have you seen any games that was called how you getting on at school? i'm getting on fine at school give me more detail more detail have you had any tests recently? oh the maths the maths teacher he he said to me okay like when he was correcting all the homework he was like this
119. he wouldn't have said that but he does that on a day to day basis yeah and just kind of blew up yeah mm it's a shame imagine if you and went to the same school yeah be hard wouldn't it if he was hanging out with all the popular but not very nice kids? it would be cos we wouldn't be in the same group yeah cos like
120. extreme yeah with the other people which mean he is also in stage two yeah do you think you've been in stage two? sometimes? i don't know i think m in early primary school i was yeah i don't think i've been in stage two though i really don't yeah in in in like third fourth fifth and sixth year it's strange cos i don
121. mates haven't you you don't look too worried yeah about the other group do you? no i like our group also it's completely different out in life isn't it once school stops finishes the it's you don't have that that k thing shadow hanging over you any more and that there's only they only have a tiny bit of power in school though school that
124. he? yeah he's sound to be honest he's pop cos he's quite bright and he seems to read history books or whatever he's probably gonna do quite well after school? yeah yeah and like ah and then we have that's not really nice for is it? and yeah do people do people look up to cos he's u sporty? or not
125. is like it was so scary shit i will not forget it oh it was horrible wow and that was the last day finally and i was like yeah no skiing ever again i once went to for a school trip it was a dry ski slope mm yeah they're so shit they were er v i literally like i really hurt myself i didn't really know how to do it cos i'd
127. used to think i was just rubbish at it but mm when i got er into like into my teenage years i kind of liked it more because it i think what put me off it was pe at school but once yeah p like it's like oh yeah yeah you don't have to do it like this you can like go and what did you like doing? erm like badminton tennis yeah running
129. what's that one song though on there that's like skrillex? bangarang? is that it? i can't remember what it's called yeah everyone at my school was obsessed with dubstep for ages really? it was cos oh my god i played this it was me that started it in my year cos i played you started the trend? no literally
130. i was too scared to smoke yeah that one? yeah i sat with the cool kids who smoked but i didn't smoke because i was too hard core not to smoke yeah i never smoked at school yeah it was weird like everyone else did i once smoked paper when i was in year seven and thought it was i was so cool but i didn't smoke but cos my dad smoked and i
132. ##s they've got a school going today so yeah i think they're going to the power station today oh fun so it's like then there's that or oh what an exciting school trip i know that must be i've not seen mr cleaner for a while mm mr cleaner mr cleaner what's his i've never asked him his name no i've never i '
133. bit shit isn't it mm june july august i feel so sorry for the kiddywinks now yeah cos july and august are shit usually and then as soon as they go back to school glorious weather sunshine mm huh uh huh uh huh uh huh uh oh i can't get them huh uh huh oh no fff uh fff uh is this the workout before the sweets? yes is
136. yeah absolutely it's er it's bred there you know they just do not like the english er still to this day it's ridiculous they used to be truly horrible so her friends from school are the english girls from the school because the welsh girls never used to mix completely segregated it was all and this was what? fifteen twenty years ago appalling why do they hate us? um who
138. what's the english word? er maybe we don't have a word like religion freeness tut yeah we're a secular state we don't unless you go to a religious school like a catholic school you're not taught about religion you er do you mean like having a religious m religiou no er religion separate to s to the state? i mean they have a
139. english word? er maybe we don't have a word like religion freeness tut yeah we're a secular state we don't unless you go to a religious school like a catholic school you're not taught about religion you er do you mean like having a religious m religiou no er religion separate to s to the state? i mean they have a thing where in any
142. s a good point well i see well one of the things i i've always thought about heathrow is er er you might know heathrow better than i do but i remember as a from school going for our school trips from to heathrow and standing out where you where the beat you know you used to see the beatles coming in you used to be able to wave and go up in the roof
143. well i see well one of the things i i've always thought about heathrow is er er you might know heathrow better than i do but i remember as a from school going for our school trips from to heathrow and standing out where you where the beat you know you used to see the beatles coming in you used to be able to wave and go up in the roof and it and it
144. was cool so erm goes to sleep in the afternoon does he? or not always erm not always so we'll just see erm i'll text so we picking him up from school? yes we'll probably have to go straight there eleven o nine what time is oh eta twelve twelve and what time is it? twelve oh twelve yeah but it always goes down in the end it
147. ' t she? mm it's funny with her though i don't know if it's just kids thing but you ask her a question like what kind of snacks do you buy at school then? you know she gets her thirty p and she just like completely makes up the answer makes it up i know yeah what's that about i don't know i'll say what did
148. she gets her thirty p and she just like completely makes up the answer makes it up i know yeah what's that about i don't know i'll say what did you do at school i mean sometimes she answers you know there are certain questions where she just no says we went on a coach trip yeah did you really? erm so when it was really funny because we were erm
149. that's a lie erm and you're not really supposed to tell lies you know? and i was completely baffled but the erm on her birthday eerm i was taking her to school and was actually away in so i think it was the friday and had gone to work and she said i'm allowed to wear my own clothes and of course i didn't believe her so i
151. kids they do just either they don't understand exactly i mean you can't ge you can't suppose that she doesn't ununderstand the question what snack do you buy at school? no no no no and something in her is not like connecting the dots a little bit naughty aas well do you think it's naughty? no i do yes it's just like a
152. t there ah ah and i was like ah but that's the kind of things you do if you really like someone isn't it? like yeah it is i remember when i was at school and i fancied this guy called and i literally used to like know his timetable schedule oh my god so like when i was in a class he was i knew where he would be stalking that '
155. have some green beans by the way be nice to see your twinny again mm twinny is doing well mm what what's twinny up to? she's still working at the primary school mm so they'll have just broken up today yay so she'll be happy about that she's also gone back to college and starting doing her maths and her english oh cool but
156. on saturday because i think people kind of don't really understand the importance of actually having friends definitely like i erm it was really good actually like my housemate and like my best friend from school we obviously live together and like i we're having a girls'night next friday we're going into town we're going out to dinner and she's going out into town with her
157. were talking about saying what are the most common words being used at cambridge university press and that's interesting yeah yeah so i imagine it is different from what you would get if you went to a school playground or even if you went to a pub yeah yeah yeah definitely yeah in fact we are going to when we've got those all the conversations in from last time they they are not quite fully transcribed
158. got a blog? no yeah i think you should have one it would be really funny got a fan blog what? about about me about you? who made it your mum? no this boy from school that's fucking awesome what does it have? just pictures of me brilliant it's called but people go on it by accident when they look for or so it gets a lot of traffic there '
163. you are the only person who is? yes fuck yes bruv are you crazy? imagine being the only black person it's not really that hard for you to be honest you go to school with brown people yeah but that's different not really yes it is cos i'm no that's different i'm not first of all i'm not the only black person yeah
164. it's the cheekiness of some people to to er hike rents up mm and hike prices up just because they can mm well it's like the holiday industry that hikes prices in the school holidays because they know that a lot of people can only go in the school holidays so we hike the prices there's no economic reason for it other than they know that a lot of people have to
165. mm and hike prices up just because they can mm well it's like the holiday industry that hikes prices in the school holidays because they know that a lot of people can only go in the school holidays so we hike the prices there's no economic reason for it other than they know that a lot of people have to take their holidays in that time well it's even more it's
166. ##e whawhat can you learn? maths? spreadsheets? spreadsheets yes you get to learn spreadsheets level two isn't level two what you do if you leave school? like once you've done your gcses and you go straight onto no that one i thought i thought level two was gcse well it's not actually the same with eat with
167. m with now are a lot nicer you kind of lose touch a lot more like you guys actually whereas people er like the people that they in the hotel they were like the sort of people at school where i was friends with ththem acquaintances but like if you were outside you wouldn't but yeah no go up and talk to them so i'm glad that i'm doing talk to
168. is he super cool because she's like a year older? yeah probably is he like the? well see the thing is it's really weird because i'll see him walking home from school and he's like surrounded by girls and i'm like er why aren't i surrounded by boys? no but it's cos like he's i guess he's he
169. like hang on the maths of that doesn't add up but we we were there with er cos we could only get one ticket for yeah but we were there w some of his old school friends and their children yeah so it was like a proper old sort of like yeah yeah yeah bring your son to the match day rugby for the day ah what's she do? she's a
170. snow like it really is a language rather than just like something's gonna happen and anyway that it almost died out obviously and now they're teaching it in schools so you go to a primary school in la gomera and they're teaching them okay this means attention this means danger this means ignore the last thing i just said or whatever and it's not with the hands it's
174. don't right they they haven't done it through erm the council mm and i think they've got really good competitive healthy meals now oh right they actually make a profit on their school dinners which not many schools do no mm she sources all the ingredients from local erm the butcher does that's so she's responsible for that because she does she does all the finance doesn '
176. the the whole cast of eastenders like oh okay used used to go there right right yeah okay yeah mm yeah back in the day performing things yeah yeah so he went to a very good sort of theatre school drama school as a young kid wow super talented boy and then and from there he he my good he was getting getting er some breaks yeah yeah yeah so just kind of sort of yeah rolling from one thing
178. an engineer i've got a a ho my my hole i'll give you a quck summary yeah it seems like you need to i don't understand i'm not following left school when at er eighteen years old yeah well sixteen two years in a further education yeah studying electronics oh went went on from there to do an apprenticeship as a le as an electrician yeah for about another two
179. further yeah exactly just yeah know what the possibilities are even yeah yeah to taste that yeah exactly you know? that's so cool mm so from wow from there i i left i was a primary school teacher now you've tried everything incredible i love it i thought i was quite you know? into you know trying new things i went so i gosh i got there from there mmost of my
181. worked as a primary school teacher yeah and er i was gonna continue working there but then i got head hunted mm another about e only for a short time did another year as a yeah as a primary school teacher mm mm my own classes and mm mm everything mm mm and then obviously not a lot of males especially black males go into that area yeah yeah so you're so really like special the head teacher
182. i'm going with the flow yeah yeah yeah i'm going with the flow here mm you know? obviously i enjoyed the environment but not necessarily wanted to stay you know? as a primary school teacher yeah yeah once i'm working with young people i'm happy yeah yeah you're in your element yeah yeah so i wwent went away and i did manage at this programme mm mm
186. a topic does anyone want a glass of wine no thank you well what i i hear i have something to say i think we've gone into the wrong em profession cos my two friends are school teachers and they get three months off you don't get three months holidays here i don't think but they get three months off paid in the summer each year since we've finished school so
187. school teachers and they get three months off you don't get three months holidays here i don't think but they get three months off paid in the summer each year since we've finished school so obviously i'm twenty - six now and they've had their well after they graduated which was like two thousand and eight they've basically travelled the world in the summer all they do is
188. we could be dealing with a lot worse well you could go into teaching after his like like a lecturer or something no oh no they don't get holidays might go back to ireland and teach primary school teacher they get you get salaried holidays even the nurses but it is four years so it all evens itself out i think wouldn't you have to like nursing before you could go teaching it
192. i was just like you're did she did she give you one? oh that's like me in school you know in school oh man all all the people in sc all the people in school would get like it was so horrible they get hampers from home and erm oh god put like f in the post ah they were like every now and again you'd see them like walking around
196. little blizzard on my walk here today it's very strange i missed that i don't know what i was doing you might not've had it i suppose yeah yeah else yeah so so school tomorrow what time? not till half three oh that's alright mm yeah but monday's a bit of a ball ache cos i've got these you know it's solid half three
199. i know well i mean if he's gonna go down the the sensible route then surely he'd be better off he may as well just stayed returning to may as well have just stayed at school and got his three a levels and one of those yeah was business studies it would be over in a year and be done with it i know i know mm it seems a bit silly doesn't it
200. ring because he i said why don't you give a ring? he's been running quite a bit lately mm erm he did he ran cos he was training for the athletics at school which has right come and gone now the fifteen hundred metres he did very well he got invited to the county thing he didn't do that but he got a new personal best he was very happy but
203. home i don't they've li she's lived there as long as i've done avon so that's fifteen years so it's plus their girls used to go to school here erm i said shut rooms off rather than leaving you know she said yeah she sai but it's you know it's just so that's at the back of your mind though big
204. sometimes you know it's all the sun loungers are full oh right but it doesn't but i mean of course we're not in the erm we've not in the school holidays yet and i just thought i know you've got the same cup but i'm looking at that thinking you're gonna want some more milk oh am i? am i gonna be awkward
205. ll have to go round and see pop over yes absolutely yeah he's such a little cutey ah oh bless him i know so did get a place at in the car park? yes at school? did you phone? i did i phoned and i said erm oh i wonder if you could put me through to the person that deals with the car passes please put me through and i said
206. so i said the situation is this so i went on to say about car and job mm i said now we live in i said it's not like we live in and he can walk to school yeah yeah i said we live in so we're reliant on the school bus i said now his job is saturday and sunday mornings however there are occasional opportunities for him to work in the week
207. mm i said now we live in i said it's not like we live in and he can walk to school yeah yeah i said we live in so we're reliant on the school bus i said now his job is saturday and sunday mornings however there are occasional opportunities for him to work in the week and if he's reliant on the school bus getting him home and that
208. reliant on the school bus i said now his job is saturday and sunday mornings however there are occasional opportunities for him to work in the week and if he's reliant on the school bus getting him home and that bus is late or he needs to be there and it there's just not at four o'clock or whatever he's gonna have to refuse yes yeah either refuse
209. list oh yes she said absolutely he's not on a list she said you're absolutely right she said no this is interesting she said because like you say he can't just walk to school if he's got the option mm of some extra work yeah absolutely by him having his car here he can either go straight there mm or you know yeah and i said well yeah she said no she
210. ' d got a pass and i said oh thank you ever so much i said i'm ever so grateful and lo and behold he's twice he's been to work oh straight from school? twice no he's come home first but he had to be there for five o'clock oh wow oh great and he's not at home no but that's good that much before
211. yeah not driving but maybe seeing other people being taken advantage of so apparently he got this app that she was telling him about and he's worked it out and it's sixty pence to school what is? to get from that costs him? yeah sixty pence in petrol? apparently to get to school oh so he's only having a pound off them both ways fifty p a way has
212. him about and he's worked it out and it's sixty pence to school what is? to get from that costs him? yeah sixty pence in petrol? apparently to get to school oh so he's only having a pound off them both ways fifty p a way has not passed this on to me fifty p a way i will have a word cos i'm still giving
213. cos he didn't cos he had detention oh is that why he stayed? the other day he had detention said oh ha didn't come back he said cos he stayed at school i tell you what er it was last thursday right? i mean how stupid is this boy? last thursday you know the england football match was on in the afternoon? mm had come home er sick from
214. tell you what er it was last thursday right? i mean how stupid is this boy? last thursday you know the england football match was on in the afternoon? mm had come home er sick from school on a wednesday he'd been building up to it thinking i'd let him have thursday off school but i sent him back he was can i have another one? course you can? how many
215. know the england football match was on in the afternoon? mm had come home er sick from school on a wednesday he'd been building up to it thinking i'd let him have thursday off school but i sent him back he was can i have another one? course you can? how many have i had then? four? it doesn't matter they're only little and er anyway so
216. back he was can i have another one? course you can? how many have i had then? four? it doesn't matter they're only little and er anyway so they were in school thank you and had originally said that they were he and were gonna come home and watch the game mm and then they'd had this talk about study leave is er as home study is a privilege not
218. okay yeah and i said that's just a timely talk two days mm before the england match being on in and half the school not turning up anyway so they decdecided to stay in school and they were str i don't know whether was watching it it they were streaming the football weren't they? and they had it yeah in the classroom or something hooked up to a screen
219. ' t thought that through have i? i said no i think you're gonna have to take the detention what is he like? so oh god so it was supposed to be thursday thursday after school oh my gosh bit of for you now and erm the at the at the tennis club they're doing the internal t er club tournament is on this week and next week oh yeah? and
223. home then and watch the match? thinking they'd come back here and ordered pizzas yeah yeah and watched it he said no no no we watched er we couldn't we watched it at school school which they weren't meant to they'd had at school pizzas pizzas so they w so they er streamed it had it hooked up to a big screen had pizzas they may as
224. then and watch the match? thinking they'd come back here and ordered pizzas yeah yeah and watched it he said no no no we watched er we couldn't we watched it at school school which they weren't meant to they'd had at school pizzas pizzas so they w so they er streamed it had it hooked up to a big screen had pizzas they may as well
225. and ordered pizzas yeah yeah and watched it he said no no no we watched er we couldn't we watched it at school school which they weren't meant to they'd had at school pizzas pizzas so they w so they er streamed it had it hooked up to a big screen had pizzas they may as well've let them come home really they might as well have i
227. so i'm taking his address and he said and i said oh i grew up in he said did you? and i said yeah yeah i said er but i went out of catchment for secondary school i went to i said but i grew up in road from when i was five to erm to when i left to move in twenty something years ago and erm he said oh i went to i
228. to i said oh we looked at i said but i ended up at was he about our sort of age? yeah oh yeah? our sort of age like he said well i started out in at school but then my dad moved over to mm his mum's still there he said my family said to me why don't you move down? he said but i've got everything i need mm
229. his oh that wasn't me right i think it might be then somebody's told me cos his wife from who he's left for yeah does some sort of volunteer work at our school i dunno who she is oh really? but apparently she does some work at our school oh n i didn't realise he was he was even married and that i mean i er got the story
233. can't even remember his name he's lovely he's got blonde curly hair ah i don't i don't see them i just saw occasionally she's walking up to school when i'm going out yeah to work or whatever erm and he's got this mop of blonde curly hair he's i would never said he'd be starting this year i
238. said i'm sure and wouldn't mind paying you and said well i don't think i'll ask them for money mum because didn't help me out a lot in primary school? oh of course yeah i said she helped you out an awful lot he said yeah true so i'm not gonna charge them yeah that's true which i thought was very of course that '
240. he doesn't know what to do how about a pe teacher? i said but you know the irony of that because he's hated school and he's hated every minute of being in school mm that's all he's ever wanted to do is leave i said if he went back as a job well i said we just wouldn't be able to get over it could you imagine
242. why would i not just have a gap decade? and just go travelling er well you would it's like a said to though look at's he he didn't do particularly well at school he he was a bit you know messed around and all the rest of it he came out of there and i think contcontinued to mess around maybe a couple of years after school then
244. did erm who i used to work with was down in last weekend oh yes because his son had erm an inset day on the monday oh so they went down on the friday straight from school picked him up at three fifteen was straight down there and he had an inset day on the monday so that's oh that's the a be like yeah if you're thinking of a
245. t know i don't know mm well what i'm doing with is erm cos obviously i had to give him two pound forty a day anyway for him to get to and from school are you giving that to him towards his petrol? yeah cos i've gotta pay for him to get to and from school haven't i? so i still give him his mm but i
246. two pound forty a day anyway for him to get to and from school are you giving that to him towards his petrol? yeah cos i've gotta pay for him to get to and from school haven't i? so i still give him his mm but i just transfer it now once a month that's a good idea so he he's using that towards his petrol it's
248. to nan's and then to the coffee shop and back to mum's and back to mine you know i've spent a good while in the car and just even sometimes between going to school picking one of them up pi going to the tennis club doing that sometimes i can spend the best part yeah of an hour in the car and i've only been yeah yeah in a loop er in
249. really because my students said you know in the first lesson if we get really hungry is it okay if we eat during your lessons? i was like yeah because i know that you've been at school since seven and you might have come directly from school and you ate at ten yep or eleven and by half four of course you'll get hungry of course you can eat but then i think am i
250. lesson if we get really hungry is it okay if we eat during your lessons? i was like yeah because i know that you've been at school since seven and you might have come directly from school and you ate at ten yep or eleven and by half four of course you'll get hungry of course you can eat but then i think am i allowed to just start eating a sandwich? yeah what
256. worrying it's alright i'm not worried i'm not worried in year nine you told him one time he couldn't do a sporting event hockey because it was missing a day of school and you thought he'd already missed too much but in fairfairness to he misses a load in in but he's in year nine cos he does everything for that school the year
262. ever argues with the teachers have you chatted to recently? no i haven't chatted to no he's just he is he is like a a footballer that hasn't been to school is he? and and he lives in in fair in fair in fairness no he didn't get a gcse not one no but in fairness to i think he believed he was gonna be a
266. team oh a monday team yeah there's two divisions on the monday team is he any good though?? yeah he's a good footballer everyone but people used to always talk about him at school saying he's not as good as and are he is like they talked out of giving him twenty - five out of twenty - five for football that's not very nice well well no as in
267. hhere's him again there's a couple of highlights of him playing football you can't imagine who he is oh right okay so erm but he so is he still at school is he? yeah i dunno how many days he who did he play for? did the hundred metres today i know he told me he told me the time he got oh what time did you get
270. like you lot do you think cos you take the micky out of him? i don't know i don't think i dunno he's out of his depth people at school take the micky out of him a lot more than we do do they? do they? what in the school team? no just his friends oh what say he's slow and can't
271. don't think i dunno he's out of his depth people at school take the micky out of him a lot more than we do do they? do they? what in the school team? no just his friends oh what say he's slow and can't run? yeah saying oh yeah it'll take you fifty years to get to that why don't you play
273. so he was out he er he was out for ages yeah and then they had this guy called in goal not good? no well i don't think so but he played centre mid for our school team and he's he's alright he's not very i thought it was or somebody that plays central mid for your school team oh centre back centre back that's it's grand
274. don't think so but he played centre mid for our school team and he's he's alright he's not very i thought it was or somebody that plays central mid for your school team oh centre back centre back that's it's granddad wanted to do it oh did he?'s granddad's a lad as well he was making fun of w cos
276. but yes er well i think it'll go quite quickly yeah erm and certainly erm er as far as i'm concerned i yes i used to have to take you away during the school holidays yeah cos that was my holiday at that time yeah erm but now i'm so glad not to do it during school holidays yeah so erm i can just erm yeah er just
277. i yes i used to have to take you away during the school holidays yeah cos that was my holiday at that time yeah erm but now i'm so glad not to do it during school holidays yeah so erm i can just erm yeah er just just just forget about school holidays and where are they going again? said they were going back to turkey oh right and it's it
280. i found out in a couple of days whether or not i've been put on the shortlist again d'you know it's ridiculous so where's this? when i first left school i'd walk into walk in walk to anywhere knock on the door have you got a job? yeah do you know what i mean? that's what it was like yeah but there's
281. that very hard to bear that you've been a manager for twenty - five years now you've got some person who's had no work experience at all they've just gone from school to uni and now they're gonna be your manager mm on a business on a business studies degree yeah a degree yeah mm and you're thinking and was saying whoever it is you know they
282. maker a what? tool - maker oh right is that why gran my grandad became that? mhm he went first of all uncle who was in insurance got grandad a job when he left school um my grandad or your grandad? your grandad okay er it's getting confusing um they he couldn't afford to stay on to matriculate which is the equivalent of a -
284. grandad? your grandad okay er it's getting confusing um they he couldn't afford to stay on to matriculate which is the equivalent of a - levels did school cert school certificate which is gcse o - level but then couldn't afford to stay on so uncle ernie got him a job virtually as an office boy in an insurance company mhm and i think he
285. do interesting part of the united kingdom but it's technically not isn't it? it's kind of like the republic oh yeah northern ireland not eire my sister got told off in school for calling it eire yeah? yeah don't know why it's quite an old - fashioned term for it i guess er yeah it's quite er i think like mmaybe because
286. and people did respect the fact that you went into you know you'd got er in though in the sense you know of not a very likely candidate why? because you weren't academic in school? yeah i mean were there people who were? well h you know people who were oxbridge candidates and things like that yeah we had people going to oxford every year from our school oh right like the
287. t academic in school? yeah i mean were there people who were? well h you know people who were oxbridge candidates and things like that yeah we had people going to oxford every year from our school oh right like the big school? yeah and they but it was they were former grammar school students mm? you know in our school going to the town centre? mm? we're going to the
295. ##m i mean the government has been pushing all these sorts of things like skills based stuff for years now erm you know most of them have had some sort of skills portfolio from when they were at school mm so those sorts of words have become common and are they valuable because sometimes when you see your children doing them you think what a load of rubbish really ah well nno what a waste of time yes
296. a load of rubbish really ah well nno what a waste of time yes erm i think an awful lot of them are tokenism and and erm i mean when my kids got them at school you know this i can't remember what they're called but the usual sorts of things you know? and the work experience sorts of episodes and things but were you involved at all with the industry
297. students actually want that sort of sometimes slightly rarefied kind of academic focus all of the time you know mm mm but it's i rather liken that to you know when you're at school and you have to learn languages and you learn french? mm i mean i used to go on holiday with my parents to but i never really eh clued up to the fact that i was learning french
302. ##mistress cos she's retired no that was good it was good what was the gig like? what? what sort of event was it? erm it was a fundraiser it was a school fundraiser erm yeah we should be getting things like that think a l quite a lot of well - heeled people you know? yeah you can tell by the cars and the way they dress and er
303. erm one thing i would like to do is to go canoeing and and i'm not so bothered for canoeing i'd love it i went on an outdoor education thing in primary school and i really enjoyed it down to and erm oh right although the kayaking i'm not so fond of that's where you're sort of hemmed in and you've got
311. to do that? i think it was argued to be a sort of enriching experience oh i figured it was only going to be a recreational activity mm you shouldn't be allowed time off school yeah it's like if i'd been a head teacher i wouldn't have allowed that but i mean sort of er like obviously why should you be allowed to do that but the no i
312. than yeah but it's one day repeatedly over the year not that many a year a couple of times a year wasn't like these were every month okay so you er miss five days of school in two years versus one one week holiday in two years mm you're probably right in all fairness paren in all fairness parents can take their kids out of school for holidays if they want to o
313. you er miss five days of school in two years versus one one week holiday in two years mm you're probably right in all fairness paren in all fairness parents can take their kids out of school for holidays if they want to oo there's an interesting legal grey area yeah i mean i think if they just keep er cos they are legally obliged to provide for a full education or at
316. ' d probably say something but you can do it it's just the school doesn't like it do you find at work that there's er that the office is a lot quieter during school holidays? mm not really yeah cos most people's kids are still quite young yeah it's interesting just but to be honest sort of four or five people are out of the office in the
317. morning half four in the morning to go on this milk round he wanted to yeah maybe wanted to yeah he was collecting glasses at idols this horrible horrible place in sunderland nightclub um when he was still at school he's just a y he's just a natural born worker isn't he? when he was sixteen yeah then he was then there was a bit where he was working in the furniture shop
318. needs basically the county's gotta spend the government's gotta spend money to to improve the to improve education in a big way yeah yeah yeah but a lot of that is uh is also secondary school education well yeah that's true which is which i think a lot of people are just going to school and just wasting the opportunity yeah or the schools aren't good enough and and that's
319. education in a big way yeah yeah yeah but a lot of that is uh is also secondary school education well yeah that's true which is which i think a lot of people are just going to school and just wasting the opportunity yeah or the schools aren't good enough and and that's so that's a problem but yeah i think in a better in a better country you should get like
321. about yeah yeah isn't it? you know but you see like in the floods you see i don't know whether you get taught that at schools now human nature do you get it through school? did you oh yeah i was did you did did do the people not yeah yeah yeah yeah you do yeah yeah i think you get taught yeah but there you see human nature like in cumbria with the
322. one later on as well yeah yeah we'll eat later do you speak any other languages? no gobgobbledygook is that a language? yeah erm double dutch education secondary school sixth form graduate postgrad? secondary school job or role? stup a hairdresser a hairdresser i don't know using it up and not telling anyone you've used it are
323. ' ll eat later do you speak any other languages? no gobgobbledygook is that a language? yeah erm double dutch education secondary school sixth form graduate postgrad? secondary school job or role? stup a hairdresser a hairdresser i don't know using it up and not telling anyone you've used it are you sure you don't mind doing
327. very nearly late er i thought i was gonna be late really? moved so slowly oh my goodness hideously slowly oh gosh i just it was very unenjoyable was it worse than the school bus then? the college bus? yes really? it was so much more packed oh no i was like the yeah there wasn't any more room on there after people got on at my stop oh
331. yeah okay back on the twenty - sixth from london and then the following weekend it's the jubilee weekend and we're going to sheffield for's birthday see meet her dad and see some school friends so what's that? that's the fourth of june is it? is that the monday? so there's so the saturday is the second of june alright and then i'm
334. later everyone does though everyone everyone's got the potential what i was thinking about was have you ever messed about with bb guns? yes oh of course you er well i've played with at school of course you did if bb guns mean guns that fire those little pellets yes bb pellets yes yes yes that that that's very astute of you well i didn't know
336. er reflects the weather here and it seems to have been a deliberate thing because when i grew up there was distinctly an upper class middle class lower class mm working class and there was also high er at school whatever school you went to whether it be public private comprehensive there was the achiev you know mm mm the the the people with photographic memories the people who were genuinely fantastically edu you know intelligent
337. the weather here and it seems to have been a deliberate thing because when i grew up there was distinctly an upper class middle class lower class mm working class and there was also high er at school whatever school you went to whether it be public private comprehensive there was the achiev you know mm mm the the the people with photographic memories the people who were genuinely fantastically edu you know intelligent mm mm
340. mentioned you know about mm mm they wanna marry footballers cos they wanna have the lifestyle they wanna have this that and the other and there's a guy i was speaking to who i went to school with mm not so long ago and he er just just got divorced and he's forty - four and er he's a car salesman all be it porche mm mm so he's quite
341. a family planning clinic as a secretary mm mm and my dad worked in the post office all his life so i came out with a fairly mm mm you know normal upbringing i went to solihull school and i went to solihull school because my brother got a full scholarship so my parents uh - huh with the help of granddad could pay for me basically so i was very lucky with that you
344. like screaming yeah that's how he's going to grow up that's how he's going to speak to people and teachers and everybody that's why you get these kids at school yelling at you that's probably how they were brought up isn't it? yeah well yeah so that's why it goes around you need to get yourself your line sorted here don't
346. ##ogen's ear have they? do you know to be honest i couldn't tell you because when i got home yesterday cos i'd made plans to go over and see an old school friend oh so then i had to tell her that i was going to be later than erm what i was gonna be there originally so by the time i got home last night oh driving home from in
347. asked him to show him the it's only his shoulder innit? and that cost did you say six hundred pounds? i think he told me ba like back when he took like in primary school but i can't remember that just cut a little slice off that for me will you? not like showy off i just asked how much straight up thanking you mm do you want this one mate
348. missed well if he wants to it's his responsibility to get up isn't it? she did say to him if he got up if he got the bus every time and he got to school on time oh yeah he's always missing the bus all this year then he could go and he hasn't done so she couldn't run him to every day he would have missed it every
349. i bet shshe probably knew to wait every day for him yeah she did she did eventually yeah did not the rest of bus give him more time? they just they're only going to school well he once he was what? no it wasn't him but there was another lad and then once he was running up's stop used to be you know like i don't know how
350. we'll be going for a week we'll go for a week yeah i don't think we'll be able to cos i'll be right in the middle of summer school mm and they'll they yeah i'll be in the middle of summer school and it finishes starts july oh it'll be coming towards the end actually they start the end of june and go
351. don't think we'll be able to cos i'll be right in the middle of summer school mm and they'll they yeah i'll be in the middle of summer school and it finishes starts july oh it'll be coming towards the end actually they start the end of june and go for six weeks so they'll be finishing they must be finishing around the fifteenth of
355. know she dropped out which is in a way disappointing cos she was very good at it but she was finding it really stressful like i spoke to her yeah and she had to i think at school like when you've got to do all those subjects yeah and then you've got this art project and it just couldn't like you could never finish it oh was that it? and she
357. a leap you couldn't even order one yeah there's like a waiting list of several years mm i don't think i've ever played one or maybe did they have one at school? no this sort of thing really irritatates me i'm now on a van hire site and it says you can have er normal van hire or one way hire mm so i click on
358. birthday what adopted children? it was for christmas ah did you? i didn't know that well not adopted like you sp you you're buying you're buying them yeah pencils er school equipment for oh i didn't know that i told you no you didn't yes i did what what what did we give them? little sangeet erm just yeah school equipment textbooks erm
359. pencils er school equipment for oh i didn't know that i told you no you didn't yes i did what what what did we give them? little sangeet erm just yeah school equipment textbooks erm for fifty of the little bastards yeah do we know where? i've sent the email er and oh send it to me i think er i d i think i didn't
360. the parcel are they? i don't want these ones very good these are like weird ha ha no they're exciting i know why you've got those as well these were my old school uniform colours yes yes yes it's because i think they are your old gloves these ones are they? are yeah ones from nanny's drawer they're horrible they look weird but i think nanny
361. make sense yeah get on it the original xbox was released in what year? mm that is we were alive yeah we were alive we were alive yeah mm when was it released when you were still at school? i think no but i think it was probably released when i was still at school i reckon nineteen ninety - nine yeah i think sixth form yeah nineteen ninety oh it's close nine i'm
362. is we were alive yeah we were alive we were alive yeah mm when was it released when you were still at school? i think no but i think it was probably released when i was still at school i reckon nineteen ninety - nine yeah i think sixth form yeah nineteen ninety oh it's close nine i'm going two thousand it's also close but it's not right ninety - eight
363. i saw one for sixty - eight not paying that aye right i'm gonna er i don't really want one for my birthday because i'd rather have clothes yeah that i need for school well let's hope the marks and sparks scenario plays out that's what i was wondering if we knew that was definitely happening can't rely on it can't rely on it can you
367. it's all very doable my friend um tut is a t social worker type person but he works for himself uh - huh runs a company that takes on kids that have been expelled from school so you're gonna get some chavs and he sails to sail your no no no no no the chavs are not coming on the barge he's coming on the barge he runs excursions
369. was young erm how long had she been seeing him before she married him? she seems like she dived into it that i don't know i know that did they go to the same school or something? no oh no so it can't have been long then no she'd had a couple of boyfriends er before him er some guy called then it was then came on the scene
370. m your master's you're quite mature students even really mm he's going to be older than quite a few of his peers yeah because er they're gonna come fresh out of school and they're eighteen where he he's a little more seasoned he's bimbled into work he's travelled he's travelled he's he's been to quite a few
371. hell a derivative is and all this like credit default swap stuff and like commodities and and i wish had do you know what i mean? i wish i had learnt more about economics when i was at school mm didn't we make a? they do now they changed the whole of the gcses you take things like that now they should yeah? mm i wouldn't mind buying like an economics
374. like working with yeah vulnerable adults yeah and then going to children but mine was done to work in the school did you have one for when you came to? no they just took my one from the school oh did they? yeah they photocopied that because you never they they they always pay for cls what's the difference between dbs and crb? yeah that's the thing
378. know the course i was doing was er um at a masters level but i thought that it was graded i mean huh i read some of the papers that the research projects that um some of my fellow school mates classmates whatever you call it mhm er had written cos they asked me to proofread them yeah um not only was the language awful but the actual content was awful as well but did they
384. using that wisely is she? she's got a car motorbike has she? fifty - five inch 3d tv on the wall i bet he's still wearing your pair of crap school shoes though he hasn't had a haircut for a month she could she said i said well i'll take him for a haircut no no no no i'll do it i '
385. some of that funny tobacco you was on about she picked me up the other day she stunk of beer is she that's the thing er oonce he's once he goes secondary school she's had it really yeah cos he starts interacting with other teenagers and she's not gonna be able to pretend stuff or if he turns round social services and says i'm gonna live
387. one i can think of? oh there's there's like there's i think it was going to probably but he went although there was but he he does turn around about what primary school did he go to? who? his mate same one as? but they've always been m cos they live on the same estate and went to the same school yeah they've always been
388. turn around about what primary school did he go to? who? his mate same one as? but they've always been m cos they live on the same estate and went to the same school yeah they've always been mates it's a big i'd be surprised though saying and he kind of always looked out for as well on that estate which is nice yeah cos there are
390. care the thing is that her jesus of course that child is gonna have diabetes by the time it's bloody twelve or something he's gonna get yeah he's gonna have bullied at school he's gonna have no confidence during his whole life er sserious heart problems yeah because you've done that to him i don't know i was like i think i don't
391. yeah yeah i bet you can stop in all those bloody lights in the traffic you can on a especially during ninine eight er not eight o'clock in the day when all the kids go to school i could get there i could do it in ten minutes i plan to do it i plan to use it to get cos our uni's about i would say it's about five miles
392. up? could you do that? can you? sorry? no cos you're seven and a half nearly so it's really time to attempt it how do you cut things up at school for school dinners? don't have chicken bones on the bone? no we don't have chicken like these the chicken is a bit are not bony they have we have chicken that doesn't
393. could you do that? can you? sorry? no cos you're seven and a half nearly so it's really time to attempt it how do you cut things up at school for school dinners? don't have chicken bones on the bone? no we don't have chicken like these the chicken is a bit are not bony they have we have chicken that doesn't have bones
395. but it's nice good so tell me about this tennis tournament tomorrow well but but are you playing against other schools? i think so oh mum mm? erm there's a thing at school mm that hasn't told you about yet oh and it's about a fundraiser for the year six okay yeah and is that when you were mentioning no about money? yeah that's what '
397. ll try and find some and i'll text dad and tell him to bring some too okay? okay have you still got your wallet? parents are allowed to come well then it's after school then isn't it? and erm erm i think there's a bit aafter school okay i think i saw and something about it in the bulletin but i haven't read
403. mean if you take the average high school stu they have no childhood none whatsoever they all do private schooling so from the what do you mean? they don't play? i mean they play at school i guess but it's chores when they come home and it's not chores it's school again i mean oh studies yeah if you take the average high school student they pretty much in a
406. ' s not chores it's school again i mean oh studies yeah if you take the average high school student they pretty much in a lot of the schools live on site they'll go to school they'll go to school at like seven am they'll finish school at like five or six then they go that's a long day then they go to a private school at like eight and
407. s school again i mean oh studies yeah if you take the average high school student they pretty much in a lot of the schools live on site they'll go to school they'll go to school at like seven am they'll finish school at like five or six then they go that's a long day then they go to a private school at like eight and then stay there until midnight what
408. you take the average high school student they pretty much in a lot of the schools live on site they'll go to school they'll go to school at like seven am they'll finish school at like five or six then they go that's a long day then they go to a private school at like eight and then stay there until midnight what? so they study all day all day they
409. ll go to school they'll go to school at like seven am they'll finish school at like five or six then they go that's a long day then they go to a private school at like eight and then stay there until midnight what? so they study all day all day they have no life and then they finish school and then they go and this is normal for what?? yeah
410. that's a long day then they go to a private school at like eight and then stay there until midnight what? so they study all day all day they have no life and then they finish school and then they go and this is normal for what?? yeah for everyone and then they finish school and they go to university and then they the boys have to do military service for two or three years
411. until midnight what? so they study all day all day they have no life and then they finish school and then they go and this is normal for what?? yeah for everyone and then they finish school and they go to university and then they the boys have to do military service for two or three years and then a that comes in the middle of uni and then they come back and they finish un
412. three hundred so they've got almost three times the amount of unis that we've got because like ninety - five percent of people go to uni in fact this is they call it school they don't really see it as something different in england we wouldn't we wouldn't say universities as schools it's not school it's almost mandatory yeah it's just like
414. don't really see it as something different in england we wouldn't we wouldn't say universities as schools it's not school it's almost mandatory yeah it's just like school yeah no yeah so they kind of call it school yeah and they don't really understand when i'm like no uni is not school then they're like yeah it is but like yeah
416. ' s almost mandatory yeah it's just like school yeah no yeah so they kind of call it school yeah and they don't really understand when i'm like no uni is not school then they're like yeah it is but like yeah i mean the word means school and university is which means like grand school you know what i'm saying? yeah it's school you know
417. of call it school yeah and they don't really understand when i'm like no uni is not school then they're like yeah it is but like yeah i mean the word means school and university is which means like grand school you know what i'm saying? yeah it's school you know? so on the one hand some of their society it's quite regimented in
423. fifty - five years england and then maybe and i'll put erm fifty years eh do you speak any languages other than your mother tongue english? no education eh just eh college yeah oh secondary school and college cool job role or position now you said you were like a team team leader didn't you? person yeah centred coordinator will they want to know what that is? topic or subject of your
435. erm essex boy i mean that's what he is he just goes on yes you know he's like oh d'you know what i mean? like and probably went to a private school himself yeah and it puts on his accent to a large extent yeah i agree but i mean if he if he's supposed to be this anti - establishment figure then he shouldn't be courting
440. every week? no she doesn't want to go to she doesn't oh doesn't want her doing her religious studies all the time she'd rather her do a little bit of school study and then religious studies you know the other three days oh right cos i think she goes erm oh i think she goes every three shush monday to thursday erm so it's quite
441. so it's not as if i can't she said that would rather have you and they would rather have you the g the woman they take her to isn't erm a primary school teacher either she's just some sort of tutor but oh really? yeah so is is it is it finished as far as you know for now until she contacts you? well that's what she
442. everything's got to be yeah yeah squiggles i said well that's down to branding she goes yeah it's no different to anything else no it was like when i was at school and it was like the gel pens and you had to have the yeah it it's branding mm if you can get a brand and get it and i says and that's what is trying to
443. nininth we i think we yeah we go on the ninth okay for how long? a week right and we don't come back until the sixth of september which it's probably about school they've started about then yeah okay it's just that was the cheapest flight with wizz by a mile yeah i think it's a tuesday to tuesday is it tuesday the then the
444. mm but wizz you can book for any day can't you? yes cos like i said we're coming back on the sixth of september uhu don't know what time school starts with you but if once you go past the bank holiday you're normally into erm a bit cheaper yeah oh two hundred quid to come back are they? mm i think ours was about
445. hundred and twenty to come back and eighty to go out really? i dunno if it's still on there at that price for the sixth of september i think i'll be back at school by then yeah i'm just thinking if the price has gone up and mm it gives you a gauge as to whether it's all gone up monday the twenty - second a hundred and sixty to
447. ? because he can't afford to have all three apparently it's shit how that works yeah er so um absolute shit and his son had also got adhd and is behind at s in school so he's decided he's trying to think the best way for to get him to to get him caught up and he wanted to then consider homeschooling but obviously he'll have
483. seem to remember we used to have more snow in the winter then nineteen forty - seven oh yes we nineteen forty - seven was a really bad year yeah yeah i remember walking er trying to walk to school and giving up because it was just this is primary school yeah erm yes we sent a a larger boy oh not we personally but the parparents got boy he got down there and he got back
493. ##m yes what school? it is called what's what's the name of the little? there's a one of the lanes fire erm there was a school there that was a school was it? which remembers as existing yes talking to him oh right he's coming along to meet her actually cos he'll he'll fill in any gaps he will he's brilliant
495. tesco's tesco and sainsbury's but l the sainsbury's tesco extra? the sainsbury's is near our house so er near near our school in like two days or something erm make a list of what you need to buy yeah mainly shit like that erm tofu miso miso whatever miso paste but tofu erm the
496. re the worst what the fuck? it's it's a really bad uni yeah yeah also they're not exactly the smartest yeah yeah yeah or they they've been like school dropouts college dropouts and it's really nice to have that different perspective yeah i'm sure it is yeah i dunno how you want to drink yours so it's so good man
497. my dad's who was there was my dad's sister and her husband and his brother and his partner er who's from hungary and erm and i'm he dropped out of school like when he was younger cos he's a bit of a hippy and he now lives in in america and like he does seem like a bit of a hippy he's got like
500. dead now i'm just trying to make it clear his dad dad and grandad are dead now so erm he decided to do art and his mum supported him with it even though he left school at like the age of fifteen with no gcses or a levels or anything i'd be naughty if my parents died would you? and his well his mum is still alive at this point but
503. ' t think's the next hitler i don't think he is either he likes to sleep too much yeah he likes to chill out for all we know so have you been doing this at school? yeah in history do you think you perhaps need to erm ask for a revision class? no we've just started the topic oh okay and we watched a movie which movie? a movie about
504. ' t keep using that old chestnut well it's kind of hard when her dad works so can her mum still not drive? no for how long? why doesn't she come here from school? mum doesn't work cos how is she meant to get home? i'm sorry? yeah did you say i don't work? his mum goes to she could probably drop her
522. upper of the range like it was an academy okay and mine was literally bottom oh it was like my school then mine was like yeah like it was called a community college oh so was mine yeah community school or community college can't remember community definitely co john smith as er as in the beer? no no no it's er oh okay don't know who that is there's a plaque
527. new year now yeah it's finished everyone is back school is back to back to work when did when does that finish? i think erm half way through february oh right well went back to school this week so maybe i don't know maybe most of february so i'm certainly glad i missed that those bloody fireworks are just incessant and it builds up every day gets a little bit
528. nine years do you speak any other languages what do you think he'll say? spanish french french and spanish if yes give further details how how well does he think he speaks it? education secondary school college sixth form college how well do you think dad will er say he speaks french and spanish? what would you say are you beginner intermediate advanced er beginner i wouldn't say advanced i wouldn
529. intermediate in french i can have a conversation in set pieces that i would know that would probably be lower intermediate yeah okay i would say i'm lower intermediate in spanish yeah education you went to secondary school? yeah did you go to sixth form or college? no no i went to u er college at work but er not at with school i did that further education when i was yeah that's fine
531. mine in black capitals cos they're all forms yeah that's the west best way to do it okay signed dated perfect and address thank you very much a done deal you went to secondary school as well so i'm just going to tick that off oh sorry actually she she had a private education it was private oh so does that not count? in secondary school private you were privately educated weren
532. deal you went to secondary school as well so i'm just going to tick that off oh sorry actually she she had a private education it was private oh so does that not count? in secondary school private you were privately educated weren't you? you were at yeah which is a private school well what difference does that make it's still secondary isn't it? it's still well
535. no i want someone local and i'm like telling them i've got the money i can give you the money right now and and and we're teachers you know did you go to school they basically just ignored us and just were like you're foreign i don't trust you effectively and then same through the letting agency they didn't really trust us either so we had to have
539. i think don't think people are taking care then because i cos er today i see loads of wrappers everywhere we did spot some rubbish didn't we? on the way back from school yeah and do you know what? what? animals can die of plastic how can they die from plastic? cos like if they've got a sharp bit of plastic or and it's fray
540. the sea yeah well they haven't been putting it away but where does it go? cos you went to see where it rubbish goes didn't you? last year? what on a school trip? mm nope you did i might've but i don't remember it do you guys know where the rubbish goes when it's collected? yeah they go underground it g not really it
542. ##using it that way mm? we'd erm soon we might need to get my a container for the forest school for the forest? for what? might need to get a container for forest school for forest school? what do you need a container for? you know the small container for drink you just need a carton or a bottle but mm's doing forest school this half - term so
543. way mm? we'd erm soon we might need to get my a container for the forest school for the forest? for what? might need to get a container for forest school for forest school? what do you need a container for? you know the small container for drink you just need a carton or a bottle but mm's doing forest school this half - term so it'll
544. a container for forest school for forest school? what do you need a container for? you know the small container for drink you just need a carton or a bottle but mm's doing forest school this half - term so it'll be you next half - term or the last half - term of school or any half - term i'll get you some water thank you sit down but dad
545. for drink you just need a carton or a bottle but mm's doing forest school this half - term so it'll be you next half - term or the last half - term of school or any half - term i'll get you some water thank you sit down but dad's in charge of that because daddy is going to be taking you guys into school on the same day as
546. half - term of school or any half - term i'll get you some water thank you sit down but dad's in charge of that because daddy is going to be taking you guys into school on the same day as's doing forest school so i've told him that he needs to do that when is it? i beg your pardon? when is it? it's this thursday
550. ? because the school councillors decided er decided it and it was mentioned in assembly what? and they chose the most expensive one? yeah the school councillors chosen the most expensive one i want to be a school councillor have you not been one yet? no oh not everyone in the class can be a school councillor no you were weren't you? yeah i really want to join the gardening club but it '
551. chose the most expensive one? yeah the school councillors chosen the most expensive one i want to be a school councillor have you not been one yet? no oh not everyone in the class can be a school councillor no you were weren't you? yeah i really want to join the gardening club but it's not on any more no it isn't but you did get to do it so yeah
554. and all you can hear is your own voice yep no that's not standard that's probably not standard is it you fucking retard twat oh huh i spoke to my sc high school today your high school? about getting your certificates? yep huh r bearing in mind i have called them twi on two different occasions before and they've told me they don't have access to
560. entire school there's two thousand students four hundred of those are sixth formers oh right so it's not no it's tiny yeah i can't believe they need your certificates from school when you've got a degree i know that's mental but they've said you know if we don't have the certificates this is the next best thing a letter from your school you
562. they've said you know if we don't have the certificates this is the next best thing a letter from your school you'd think thanks for that bit of leeway yeah come on school buck it up no huh i mean i'm really ridiculous with things like that so i've kept all mine but i think might have them but no we don't wanna go down that road
565. ##y girls actually oh do you? sort of but that could be where er i've come from like my background's quite middle upper class mm so i think the girls that i went to school with are a bit like that they're a bit sort of girls who play hockey you know mm netball girls although the girl that you know i worked with a couple of s at waterstones and they
567. and they lose their memories and then they get switched around or something so they end up having to so imagine if you were in my body and i was in your body and i had to go to school and pretend to be you and you had to go to work and pretend to be me that wouldn't be hard you're silly sorry? you're silly i'm silly? would you
571. you find them? no but it's like i've known him for years but i was never really like friends with him it's like's wife he's like her old school friend and he was always one of those like cos he used to work at he had like really good jobs he always struck me as a pothead yeah he's like he totally is and he
575. was all like very posh people very very rich wealthy people which hadn't which and then we had to run away through the forests in our teams and i was like and even your friend from school? was there as well and we kept on saying to her run run and she and she had to keep running with us sounds a bit scary to me and then we got to the school and then they
577. er we had backpacks on so we went and climbed we went to climb the mountain mm? then when the girl then there was a girl i remember her it was actua she was actually at school on the film so you told me and i said yeah you don't need to climb don't need to climb this one you can just go up the ladder there but i thought but i said
580. buy something to get into a school but then they filled up the school so they made the so it was first of all bless you it was like one pound to get the thing to go to the school mm and then since the school erm got filled up mm? either you were gonna buy a fake one or you could get the real one for a million pounds only a million pounds eh? yeah er
583. which year was it built? which bc year was it built? stonehenge? stonehenge s oh i know that one do you? i've just done it with the kids at school oh well er i'm going for er well it's not erm exactly but oh i just i haven't a clue i haven't a clue i don't know exactly but
585. mean i didn't make it to the pyramids when i was there and er they definitely we should do that she's so funny man she's like erm goes studies yoga at school and then sells like drugs to the oh my god we went to ththat we went to this the f the clubs are ffucked in so bad er we really met some like rreally
589. for for this it's thirty dollars a term to pay so it's ninety dollars a year and for what? and that that means that there are some children who don't come to school sure and secondary school is a hundred dollars but but the participation rates are getting a lot better this is us on an all - day game drive where we've stopped for lunch that's that '
590. ' s thirty dollars a term to pay so it's ninety dollars a year and for what? and that that means that there are some children who don't come to school sure and secondary school is a hundred dollars but but the participation rates are getting a lot better this is us on an all - day game drive where we've stopped for lunch that's that's my brother there
591. a wee face on it yeah mm mm he used to d always draw a wee wee faces and people on your your cards so does play rugby? pardon? did play rugby? sort of maybe at school i think everybody maybe had to at school no mm of course he can't no did he? oh okay sorry but he was never very good i don't think he enjoyed it mm i used
592. he used to d always draw a wee wee faces and people on your your cards so does play rugby? pardon? did play rugby? sort of maybe at school i think everybody maybe had to at school no mm of course he can't no did he? oh okay sorry but he was never very good i don't think he enjoyed it mm i used to think so mm i think your dad
593. yeah oh really? yeah yeah dad met up with his old rugby team a couple of years ago i think went back to mm mm erm well i don't know sorry he rowed at school rowed at school as well i mean that's his great joy yeah mm maybe i should get you into rowing after a while less likely to bash yourself get me into what? rowing or cricket but
594. yeah yeah dad met up with his old rugby team a couple of years ago i think went back to mm mm erm well i don't know sorry he rowed at school rowed at school as well i mean that's his great joy yeah mm maybe i should get you into rowing after a while less likely to bash yourself get me into what? rowing or cricket but then cricket none of
596. sport? did he play any sport? no no he did music i'm i'm talking about school now you know? not not necessarily in erm like he did like he just plays school band cos at his age group you all had everybody had to do sport oh yeah i guess so like he had to do sport you weren't allowed to not do sport he did like he did
597. allowed to not do sport he did like he did pe mm but like he didn't do any extracurricular activities as far as i know no but even even see when your mum was at school they had to do running they had to do swimming they had to do netball we have to do that yeah netball? yeah netball i think i did loads of sports mm er i mean you didn't
598. that's all we'll say yeah like cos we do we do erm a different sport every month like we do so so you might have done do you do you do rugby at school? erm yeah but it's not rugby not proper rugby it's tag rugby which is horrible mm i don't like tag rugby at all why? it's erm a passing
600. you want some more tea? no thanks darling? no more tea no? no i'm just sipping this off now and have you been alright then this week not too bad yeah good been at school quite a bit and yes it went alright did it? yes fine mm and are you still enjoying your leisure? yes yes yeah good hang on a minute it's not leisure cooking and that like that
604. looked past it go back to on the road that's what we'd come on mm i just forget what the the village was but there's a er there was what was the village school opposite there is a lay - by a big lay - by park in there and then just walk a little bit back to this lane and lo and behold it's called lane strangely yeah mm so right
605. because my experience is not pleasant it usually stings all afternoon yeah no no yeah doesn't it? it does i got i got stung on the neck by a bee as i was walking to school once oh did you? yeah mm but er just right there oh oh yes oh just like a just sort of walked into it didn't you? yes was it a bee or a wasp? a
606. those zeppelins mm and be dropping bombs on civilians but you've seen a zeppelin haven't you? yes i've seen a zeppelin er big it was frightening i was coming home from school and it was a a sunny day like this and i'm going up er avenue and i was aware and i looked up and there it was it was above me mm not very high no and it
611. can't mess about oh dear mm it's a real shame isn't it? cos they should have they should be having such fun really well when we were when i was at school and you'd be like till you left school yeah but when i was at school all the disruptive children were taken out i think they went up somewhere didn't they? they went somewhere else
612. s a real shame isn't it? cos they should have they should be having such fun really well when we were when i was at school and you'd be like till you left school yeah but when i was at school all the disruptive children were taken out i think they went up somewhere didn't they? they went somewhere else so they they just weren't tolerated at school
613. it? cos they should have they should be having such fun really well when we were when i was at school and you'd be like till you left school yeah but when i was at school all the disruptive children were taken out i think they went up somewhere didn't they? they went somewhere else so they they just weren't tolerated at school mm and that they were streamed right
614. yeah but when i was at school all the disruptive children were taken out i think they went up somewhere didn't they? they went somewhere else so they they just weren't tolerated at school mm and that they were streamed right down to d stream but i think everybody behaved theirself you know someone bad fight with the boys and someone got stabbed but that was it only got stabbed a little
623. doing then i'd refit the kitchen yeah yeah you said you would yeah mm yeah i've just gotta try and hope the plan the other plan works out yeah that i get a head of school job yeah let's hope you do mm that's the next plan get a head of school job mm you wouldn't be able to teach then though would you? yeah still have to teach
624. just gotta try and hope the plan the other plan works out yeah that i get a head of school job yeah let's hope you do mm that's the next plan get a head of school job mm you wouldn't be able to teach then though would you? yeah still have to teach i'd teach no i wouldn't have to teach so much no i'd teach twenty
629. gotta go after her all the time no she can't drive her shift patterns are sstrange yeah? you know mm plus when is she when is she working? she works when they finish school because she's like housekeeper and matron to the girls in boarding yeah so she will have oh i see mormorning sessions like seven o'clock till mm half past eight yeah she '
630. it's half t well it's easter next week isn't it? and i'm thinking mm i wonder what'll will happen next week? because i need to go into school monday and tuesday next week cos i've got some kids coming in yeah mm you know she's on holiday all next week yeah then the following week i've got the girls and it
634. yeah yeah yeah and then when i stopped seeing teachers well there's only one way out of this go and have a look for another teacher no i don't wanna remember that nice one at school? she's not a teacher is she? no? she's not a teacher what is she? mm housemaid oh yeah matron bit different mm yeah ddifferent yeah i just
639. yeah yeah but they just do it just just fun to them they don't even know why they're doing it half the time oh i think it was just the fact that it coincided with school holidays and texting each other aren't they? saying come on we'll have a good riot yeah hot weather school holidays they didn't have anything to do and then it's just
640. the time oh i think it was just the fact that it coincided with school holidays and texting each other aren't they? saying come on we'll have a good riot yeah hot weather school holidays they didn't have anything to do and then it's just mob mentality they get yeah it's they i'm sure had it had it been individuals they probably wouldn't
641. enjoy er well it was only french and a little bit of latin but i've learnt all my m i've learnt more since l you know re in recent years than i ever did at school so in er er what from travelling around? yeah well just just just just like from going to night school and going yeah from cds and that and mhm that's that's how i '
643. just just just like from going to night school and going yeah from cds and that and mhm that's that's how i've learnt it yeah where have you studied at a night school? in in in um in the brasshouse? bra yeah yeah ah up there yeah yeah cool but i found that that i found that like frustrating cos i think most of the people who go there
646. huge huge mmahusive i wonder if that's where they make the volvos you're cheeky you'd be fit if you were walking up and down this hill to get the school bus kid there were steps weren't there at the side i think that would take you up well still still prefer i don't like this erm heat rash on my arms it's really
647. when i have like the dinner like that's the system we're going on at home oh right yeah that's the system we go on at home unless obviously like i'm at school and stuff and then i can't but erm yeah so i have like my main meal with like potatoes or whatever for lunch and then for dinner it would be like a lunch so you have a
651. something yeah it's up to you well i think he'd be better how? evening to beyond sorry? he's gonna have to do some voluntary work what for? ready for medical school yeah but over the summer he's gonna have loads of free time yeah you know like if you're on a three and a half hour contract you can ask for overtime to work three and a
652. iceland beat them in qualification how do you know all this? what? because i i watch football and it says iceland beat home to to thingy plus do talk to people when i'm at school i don't just like have my zone round my do you? well you don't what? talk to us when you're at home i love boys they have their own little world don
656. xs two ys oh god well i'm totally gonna leave it to that stuff i was alright at the time but now no i can't even i remember doing long division in primary school no clue how to do it now yeah i know absolutely no idea but that's just stupid cos there's such a thing as a calculator yeah no point to learning long division any
658. s pretty cushy like all we do is sit around and you know we don't have to pay bills we don't have to pay back money off anyone we're just boarding school students basically yeah d going off to campus yeah and i don't think i realised that last year when i went home like how different it would be because when y er i think when i dropped out
659. the you're just so famous so famous lol i hardly ever get double figures it's a sad life i think it's only because i have a a lot of people in my school a lot of people at my old university that i've got have you? on facebook yeah a lot of people well actually not that many people here surprisingly it's weir you have friends i do
661. my friends on the last day of school oh my god can i see which one is you? yeah let me let me choose you try and guess it's not difficult i think last day of school when? in year it ss eleven? yeah year eleven i mean i don't actually think okay are you this one? er yes i am yay how i was thinking how ddid you do
664. to do with the school did he not? no i suppose cos it was in a different down and it's different isn't it? so of course we were at we were at school with him i suppose yeah yeah yes but it was the school was twenty miles away so she wouldn't've picked us up from school or oh no you know seen any of the parents i suppose
666. it? so of course we were at we were at school with him i suppose yeah yeah yes but it was the school was twenty miles away so she wouldn't've picked us up from school or oh no you know seen any of the parents i suppose it was a bit strange like that i suppose there's always having to have er chats with some of the parents i suppose yes yes
668. he was also on the higher up in this er world of yes i suppose was lucky cos basically all his childhood and the other was in one place in wales so he went to the same primary school and then most of those children went on to the secondary school which was next door yeah yeah so he knew them so he had this sort of continuity with his friends which was nice yeah that that that went
669. yes i suppose was lucky cos basically all his childhood and the other was in one place in wales so he went to the same primary school and then most of those children went on to the secondary school which was next door yeah yeah so he knew them so he had this sort of continuity with his friends which was nice yeah that that that went on for some time didn't it? yeah yes probably
670. continuity with his friends which was nice yeah that that that went on for some time didn't it? yeah yes probably yes that's right he yeah i'm not sure he went to school erm in he was probably too young he yeah would've gone to p er playschool but that's always different isn't it? yes but he did quite well eventually didn '
671. you owe me one hundred and fifty good grief and then i have another go yeah i was telling about how much you like monopoly right oh one two three four five six seven eight nine a chance pay school fees of a hundred and fifty pounds well thank goodness i don't have to actually pay school fees in real life why? well cos i don't have enough money for them erm right
672. about how much you like monopoly right oh one two three four five six seven eight nine a chance pay school fees of a hundred and fifty pounds well thank goodness i don't have to actually pay school fees in real life why? well cos i don't have enough money for them erm right i'm gonna have to split this a hundred for two fifties there you go education is very
673. all though or whether we would have been fine even without a holiday i mean i think when you've when you've been friends with and it's work or it's studying or school or something i think that's when you sort friends cos you really you're not just on your best behaviour over dinner like for an hour and a half or something yeah but you've
674. ' t call for him if w mm why? why doesn't he just get his i dunno get his parents to speak to your parents or something? yeah that's so like primary school level i know this one boy did i tell you about this one boy yeah? basically this boy i don't even know yeah he was coming to my party but he was coming as a plus one
677. sort of like a rat u yeah that's what i had to u describe it as but then they would've been like a rat is disgusting yeah exactly this is what i was in primary school so i didn't know any better i remember there was a syrian hamster in pets the pet show yeah second year used to have a syrian hamster had two gerbils two gerb not
680. thrones you even went to the office christmas party and sang silent night on the other hand you want to stay true to the faith and traditions you go to the mosque and send your kids to islamic school fast during ramanam and swap turkey bacon on your blt all in an attempt to establish a firm muslim identity in a non muslim country but now that s now but now but now that same sex marriage
683. if you ba it would be of more value to do it to somebody else who like really needs a break wouldn't it? i need a break how do you need a break? yeah at school ah sit down yes i need a break at school so did you? right i i want to babysit i want to babysit how? how did you get on with your homework? have you done
684. do it to somebody else who like really needs a break wouldn't it? i need a break how do you need a break? yeah at school ah sit down yes i need a break at school so did you? right i i want to babysit i want to babysit how? how did you get on with your homework? have you done it all? what was the homework? erm
685. cos you hadn't sta you hadn't started i'd pressed the second button rather than the start button but never mind yeah we probably did get so what is your erm school trip going to be about? computers we're going to we're going to the museum with four computers the school trips well that's going to be exciting cos we've never been
686. button but never mind yeah we probably did get so what is your erm school trip going to be about? computers we're going to we're going to the museum with four computers the school trips well that's going to be exciting cos we've never been there i'm going to the museum you're going to the museum but i am and he's got my
688. ' s he does champion pukka good causes doesn't he? with mm regards to diets and looking at dietary sugar at the moment that's what he's on about mm at school meals he did some good work mm erm to try and alter the way that people sort of perceive school meals but it's about having the children choose the right things which is very hard when you
689. looking at dietary sugar at the moment that's what he's on about mm at school meals he did some good work mm erm to try and alter the way that people sort of perceive school meals but it's about having the children choose the right things which is very hard when you're there and it's lunchtime and you're hungry and you fancy the chips yeah er
690. ##time and you're hungry and you fancy the chips yeah erm used to eat a lot pizza and used to eat a lot of pizza and chips and garlic bread mm very nice that mm at school you did? did you? g i don't think i knew what you ate at school oh you never took an interest did you? what you i can't hear he's talking about
691. pizza and used to eat a lot of pizza and chips and garlic bread mm very nice that mm at school you did? did you? g i don't think i knew what you ate at school oh you never took an interest did you? what you i can't hear he's talking about school meals and oh said he used to eat a lot of pizza and garlic bread and what?
696. ' s got his pedope pedometer as well cos then you could work out how far you're going i think you need one of those like s what did we have at school with the little circle? the yard oh the yard trundle - wheel the trundle - wheel the trundle - wheel that's what you need you'll have to go to
698. ? who used to work there he er he used to say he was always on a morning shift i see yeah but he enjoyed doing it because when i've called in with on the way to school ah yes we've always gone in quite early and seen them there right and then going in with my dad at night or on the evening but young people must be encouraged to go and vote yeah what
699. dad at night or on the evening but young people must be encouraged to go and vote yeah what do you think about voting at sixteen? i agree with it yeah especially when they are being educated at school with these people coming in the mp in is regularly in at school yeah and i c no she was not er yes she erm she is in at school and also one of the councillors whose husband was
700. to go and vote yeah what do you think about voting at sixteen? i agree with it yeah especially when they are being educated at school with these people coming in the mp in is regularly in at school yeah and i c no she was not er yes she erm she is in at school and also one of the councillors whose husband was the euro mp oh yeah because you see them in the the paper
701. yeah especially when they are being educated at school with these people coming in the mp in is regularly in at school yeah and i c no she was not er yes she erm she is in at school and also one of the councillors whose husband was the euro mp oh yeah because you see them in the the paper don't you? yes but she is really keen good and she is always in at
702. also one of the councillors whose husband was the euro mp oh yeah because you see them in the the paper don't you? yes but she is really keen good and she is always in at school and i notice pictures and names too of her children yes are also always on when she is up there discussing politics
705. and he said which way do it fall that's right have you got the fall right yeah oh got that wrong didn't we you did yeah i forgot that they'd been back at school hadn't they a whole week of course they have yeah yeah yeah yeah i wonder how got on with her horse riding today oh well she's so keen really nice isn't it i expect
708. it possible is that an option? they i've had my sex top tucked into them lovely i remember really this is a really nice memory actually erm and i were like off and on through school and i always fancied him well ever since i moved school in year n year eight i would always have a crush on him and we used to get on really well although my friends were always popular
709. sex top tucked into them lovely i remember really this is a really nice memory actually erm and i were like off and on through school and i always fancied him well ever since i moved school in year n year eight i would always have a crush on him and we used to get on really well although my friends were always popular girls they were all really skinny very athletic not stunningly pretty but
710. i think it is i think it's er a case of what's the word for it? i can't remember the name of it like say girls that weren't pretty at school develop a personality to me if they yeah weren't pretty at school then now you might still be pretty but you're thick you know what i mean? mm a little bit of an airhead
711. ' s the word for it? i can't remember the name of it like say girls that weren't pretty at school develop a personality to me if they yeah weren't pretty at school then now you might still be pretty but you're thick you know what i mean? mm a little bit of an airhead there's not much up here? i think it's probably
713. ' s those sorts of comments to those sorts of people are just throwaway it but it's to you that it sticks yeah you know the stuff that you get called when you're at school like that's why i would never go back to school ever ever you know if i if i could have my time again i would never go back because those last two years were so painful but i
714. just throwaway it but it's to you that it sticks yeah you know the stuff that you get called when you're at school like that's why i would never go back to school ever ever you know if i if i could have my time again i would never go back because those last two years were so painful but i think everybody experiences some level of torment at some point and i
717. pronounce things properly then why aren't you using the? mm i suppose people don't read so much mm clearly well at nicky's first school which she's a primary school teacher her head of year was also the head of literacy and her opinion was it was fine for kids to read magazines as ev even if they weren't reading books because at least they were reading something
718. going with oh look at him go do you know actually that's really just reminded me i was in year four i think when this came out thirty - five three years six yeah year four in school and my friend best friend at the time brought a magazine into work er into school that had the lingo from this and the translation like really? she was such a and what a was and all the
721. having a conversation with my friend how many people have you snog snogged tonight? and my reply was seven mm and that was normal that was acceptable right okay th that was never at school i was never like that i was always a shrinking violet when i turned eighteen and i went to uni it all changed and when i was that age i think because school was a like really hard and
723. ##po d'you know the injection in your arse? yeah every three months i had that when from being twelve till about sixteen because i had really bad periods like i had to not go to school because i were in that much pain that's why i went on it cos like not because i was having sex cos i went on it when i was like sixteen or something like that yeah
724. came on my period yeah fucking pricks at least it was in the house i was thirteen i think and not somewhere else yeah i was like twelve thirteen i think and i just got sent home from school and then like i came back in to my dad and then my dad just took us to my mam's hairdresser cos he was like i just don't know what to do
725. and my sister uused to always have nosebleeds really bad nosebleeds when we were younger and erm we'd gone to s we'd gone we were in primary school at the time and erm the teachers rang my mum said we need you to come in we need to speak to you t urgent so they came in u she came and like i was just there or
726. re gonna start doing races erm and i'll be quite a bit faster once i've completed my goal mama ev i've got er something to do every time i come back from school here i'm gonna get erm i'm gonna go outside and run ar a lap around the garden not the one which is erm our backyard the one which is erm the people '
727. ? mm what was the dream? hang on you don't want n to know exactly right okay yet erm mama you know what? i had a dream which was er like i was at school and i had a dream just for a change i was in my pe kit uhu? and there was like this arena which had loads of mud and water and the water w and er some bits you
730. t going to be reasonable about it so and it's difficult for me cos i work at the school mm the all of the children that were there the teenagers were there also go to the school so i kind of don't really want to attract attention in that way erm now what was our decision about world book day? are we? see what the books were so we're gonna
732. some vouchers and then we'll go to we could go to on mother's day yeah cos that'll be get you a book or we could go on the friday after school cos mama or we can in fact go on the world book day straight afterwards if you want yeah cos do you remember the book called erm i love santa claus? there's a book
734. don't bash the table yes well you know anything would be lovely cos i know you guys love me loads and loads and loads i really want to buy two mother's day presents from school yeah well well one one is fine you don't need to it's a good thing to support buying one is fine okay? okay one is fine but you said one one is fine one one
735. are quite difficult to cut up true werther's original so in my lesson today to the adults that i teach we were looking at similes and metaphors have you guys done those at school yet? yeah i don't even know but i've forgotten well i think you probably haven't if you don't know have you forgotten what they are? yeah similes and metaphor
736. ##s which has nothing to do with work but it does cos you're working hehelps me feel in control mumma can you help? well it's not to do with my school work is it? no can you get this off mum? but still i'm going to after all i know i'm going to clear a space and make my way some would argue that i
738. of private schools because you know she said it's i the argument is that it's inherently unfair everybody should have the same opportunities blah blah blah blah blah then she sent her kids to private school yeah this happens a lot well this is it and so the discussion was is she a hypocrite or not? and oh interesting is she a hypocrite? so one girl said an
740. what i think is that how is it any different to how people with more money can get more things in all their areas of life? people who earn more get more stuff including i can afford private school i can afford a big car i can afford a big house i can afford a better holiday than you my kids can go to a better school i just don't see how it's any different
741. who earn more get more stuff including i can afford private school i can afford a big car i can afford a big house i can afford a better holiday than you my kids can go to a better school i just don't see how it's any different well i'll tell you if you like cos otherwise you're gonna have to be a communist yeah this is this is kind of
742. or didn't like those words or didn't understand what those words referred to and that it would actually conversely be the younger women who ha erm had done personal and social health education at school or biology o level or gcse more recently who would be able to say oh yes and pin the tail on the donkey th easily yeah given a diagram exactly but actually it seems to be the younger
743. say oh yes and pin the tail on the donkey th easily yeah given a diagram exactly but actually it seems to be the younger women who are having the difficulty and is that because biology is optional at school these days? i mean what what is that about? i really don't know it's w it i i really really don't know why that is whether they are thinking of examining that
744. it i've never had it it looks horrible well jamie on jamie's fifteen minutes uses uncle ben's microwavable rice does he? uhu does he you know when was at school there was a quote from him yeah i had turkey twizzlers every day didn't he yeah he did he didn't did he isn't he the only one in his year book
745. s will like them in a bag for frozen items everyone in their class is signing the frozen song ah somebody sang it on the voice and you think no don't do it someone sang it in school talent show and it was all in japanese did they? i never went to that what did you not want the photos of the specimens? there's a nice museum in middlesbrough that you can get all
746. you that for check in anyhow don't they mm i thought it was two hours travelling between and ah in this week there's a complete refurbishment on erm a manor house site at school no with the kids oh holidays because it was fiftieth last week so oh yeah you said ah father two me follows what i hope a holiday home at or what? uhu for a week
747. the first time oh right and for the first flight and that they'd they'd been on a flight she's about four no she's four years old mm and she goes to school little all day they don't need a nanny any more cos she goes to school mm erm she's four and then and i'm sure he told me that they'd never
748. been on a flight she's about four no she's four years old mm and she goes to school little all day they don't need a nanny any more cos she goes to school mm erm she's four and then and i'm sure he told me that they'd never been home to visit the family and i said oh i said did you go to europe then
750. they want er they want their to cook for them and so that she can play with the kids and she can teach cos was in school in but they don't not allowed to go to school until they're three and they're potty trained oh he's not potty trained because she had another baby she hasn't had time what? well she hasn't had time
751. yeah they have quite a lot of them in the library mummy graphic novels yes? yes? mm? yeah yeah it is nice that he says our names now yeah yeah i read some graphic novels at school er from their library? do they have a good library there? it's okay do many people use it? they have a good library for other things but don't have many graphic novels one
752. ' s thirty minutes japanese twenty minutes is guitar why are you only doing it for ten minutes then? are you going to check the facts? cos that was ten minutes was when you were at school you come back to the table? twenty minutes so you've got a lot to catch up on then got like an hour session i reckon you'll love being able to play the guitar when you
753. age i had a paper round i was getting up at i was out newsagents at seven am i would lo i would love to have a job and i did a and i did an after school paper round as well i'd love to get a job and in summer holidays i remember doing things like i wanted to learn about horses so i got this books and drew loads of stuff about them and
754. and er isn't happy isn't she? no isn't happy isn't she happy at all or why? is it school or? well she's had mock exams and no she hasn't she said i don't really care if i've done very well or not well she's got to do well
758. it mm yeah well to be honest eighty - odd houses is no good because it's just gonna all as they say it's gonna overrun the doctor's and and the school because the school isn't built for it yeah but the problem is we have there aren't that many children in at the moment of that school age no? but they so the school in theory could close because
759. gonna overrun the doctor's and and the school because the school isn't built for it yeah but the problem is we have there aren't that many children in at the moment of that school age no? but they so the school in theory could close because there's only a small number coming through yeah oh so the the effects of not having cos if you think about it the village
761. our pavements didn't he? yeah all for nothing you know i mean he he weren't employed at all yeah he just used to clear the pavements all the way up to the school didn't he? mm walking along to school he just liked doing it the trouble is that cleclearing the pavements you chuck it into the road don't you? and it stays
762. for nothing you know i mean he he weren't employed at all yeah he just used to clear the pavements all the way up to the school didn't he? mm walking along to school he just liked doing it the trouble is that cleclearing the pavements you chuck it into the road don't you? and it stays there for ever it stays there for ages and ages
763. t actually get to do things normally but in a different way if you see what i mean yeah but erm yeah mm erm i mean he knows his numbers for instance so when he goes to school he'll just yeah he'll he'll just know his numbers yeah erm and er and the er he might be sort of bored at that sort of stage but er not really cos
767. irish i thought w he might only just be okay about talking and talking isn't his strong point mm and if he had to learn that all again so would be going to an irish - speaking school? yeah right right erm er how how do you sort of feel about well i think for for you know? yeah for mm i'm not sure that that would be that great for but i
771. the oh right right playgrounds not all the time they don't have to but oh cos i'm not sure actually cos when they go maybe they would do when they go to school most of them won't speak irish will they? when they first go to school yeah so they'll i mean when they first go they're f that first year or so mm that '
772. oh cos i'm not sure actually cos when they go maybe they would do when they go to school most of them won't speak irish will they? when they first go to school yeah so they'll i mean when they first go they're f that first year or so mm that's right you are primed for a a sort of reception class that er yeah er
773. together mm did you ever see her friends talking? did they talk in english do her and her sister speak english to each other? yeah erm the when they're home but erm in school they usually talk irish i think erm but i'm not sure about lunchtimes erm cos erm er i'm just trying to get get a feeling of what the kind of
777. sort of hang anything er say usefully yeah you know on but er it's a shame as well because they don't teach science very erm they don't teach science in primary school hardly at all no no either which is a real shame but kids like him i think that's what he'd lo that's what he'd revel in right right i suppose they
780. the last say twenty fifteen twenty years i don't i i'm just guessing yeah erm so people before that erm er cos from when my granny was erm erm at school i mean she talked gaelic at home yeah erm but as soon as they went to school they had to learn english yeah and er cos all the schools were taught in english yeah and erm so
781. erm so people before that erm er cos from when my granny was erm erm at school i mean she talked gaelic at home yeah erm but as soon as they went to school they had to learn english yeah and er cos all the schools were taught in english yeah and erm so that was that yeah erm erm yeah yeah hates the way he was taught irish actually
786. tell whether it was a catholic school of a protestant school yeah in erm so erm but just by because you know the schools so that you yeah know if it's an irish - speaking school or a non - irish - speaking school yeah and because arrived speaking english at erm kind of junior level yeah erm they you had to send him to a an english - speaking school you know yeah
787. a protestant school yeah in erm so erm but just by because you know the schools so that you yeah know if it's an irish - speaking school or a non - irish - speaking school yeah and because arrived speaking english at erm kind of junior level yeah erm they you had to send him to a an english - speaking school you know yeah but erm erm and there again
790. was erm i was when you were at the time when you first came over? yeah i was erm at the time erm to his school yeah yeah erm yeah no very near that school erm cos we both lived there and it was it was known to be a good school as well yeah so i knew before i moved here cos i'd phoned up and they said
793. i knew that there was a good school yeah yeah and i knew that erm the and then when i moved here i didn't change in part because of that cos it was a good school mm yeah and cos it was mm erm he'd've had to go to the english schools here yeah yeah mm mm i just but er it it i mean er i think nowadays er
801. but er but er even though it says in mm it's right over the other side and it's actually the way i'd have to go but would it be easier to get to school in then? would it be easier to get to a school in? possibly but then erm er then i think for at least a couple of years they only go half days that's right that
802. s right over the other side and it's actually the way i'd have to go but would it be easier to get to school in then? would it be easier to get to a school in? possibly but then erm er then i think for at least a couple of years they only go half days that's right that's right it's quite you know it's
804. that would make it mm it's a still a long walk but walk but i can't do and you you you can't you can't actually sort of keep pushing him to school when he's seven no er do do you know what i mean? that erm i mean he has to er yyou either get a bus a car or you mm mm walk you know?
805. even though she's nearer right mm cos so it's like she's about twenty minutes nearer than i am but erm mm yeah possibly for her now's started pre - school she's maybe feeling it cos even if she's got a car who wants to be in and out of a car like twice a day? i don't know it's just
809. ? no i mean if she moves to her mum's oh yes is she going to is sh yeah she's still living in it's just she's right er next to the school oh right right right she's gonna move into the school mm mm the the irish - speaking one in mm mm right but just into the village right erm which makes it a lot easier for the
815. back or see you could probably drop him off mm in the morning at some somewhere or other but erm but not if he's got to be at the other end at nine o'clock school time yeah or are they all see near each other? yeah they've b see needs to be in quite early yeah so he probably wouldn't be starting that early mm yeah so i'd
817. ##m erm i don't know then the other thing to put in your head is how do you think it would be erm if for instance yeah you brought both and back to mm at school time right? yeah erm or thereabouts and every holiday and half term you went home? mm yeah i mean would that be could you see that being workable for you and? yeah or
818. gonna kind of get the crumbs if i'm not careful of everything yeah of where we are wherever yeah yeah right if they move to where all the ki where the kids are go to school you know when he mm he and got together they they did what i kind of need they married yeah she her name was on the bank account her name was on the mortgage mm the school was down the
820. cropped up mm which is going to add another pressure to your life yeah erm and makes it actually much more difficult to say right i'll go out to work when he's at school because yeah you can't do you know you i know it's not that kind of erm the the the hours the erm erm you don't have someone near who would actually
822. apparently want to stay in one place because quite rightly they have a career it's their right to have one and also unsettling for the children as well yes to keep moving them yes school after school after school yes yes erm that's it got no roots have they? no or go to a boarding school you might not want that yeah and expensive as well boarding schools well they pay
823. to stay in one place because quite rightly they have a career it's their right to have one and also unsettling for the children as well yes to keep moving them yes school after school after school yes yes erm that's it got no roots have they? no or go to a boarding school you might not want that yeah and expensive as well boarding schools well they pay for it
824. in one place because quite rightly they have a career it's their right to have one and also unsettling for the children as well yes to keep moving them yes school after school after school yes yes erm that's it got no roots have they? no or go to a boarding school you might not want that yeah and expensive as well boarding schools well they pay for it don '
826. as gold watching you yeah yeah i could see entertaining the woman opposite us having a cup of coffee yeah yeah she was watching her yeah her seventeen - year - old was there about to go on a school trip daughter oh okay she was very nervous about her going where's she going? erm france i think mm she said oh you hear so many bad r bad things happen now all the time i
827. for tuesday that's fine oh that was nice of him cos of yeah i know so anyway he's erm said that he'll be back if he can picks her up from school tomorrow he can be back at theirs for half past four so if you're alright to look after for me half past four to half past five well yes all all we're doing was going to
828. preparation ready for that tonight today then so yeah i might you gonna do a test to start off did you say? yeah see where she is and did you pick up any resources when you were in school? yeah i picked up a few so what what you gonna what you gonna plan to do with them? well nothing really that i've picked up would be useful for her right being older yeah with
829. plan to do with them? well nothing really that i've picked up would be useful for her right being older yeah with her tomorrow i'm gonna do a test and then she says at school at the moment she's working on angles so i'm gonna do some er mm mm some work with on that with her but her dad said that she's quite excited about it so she
830. want their tea and they're yeah getting tired don't they? get tired but then it's like you don't really wanna do it just as they've come back from school cos they need a little little rest somewhere so they need a snack mm need to play but i mean this girl in year seven i could do erm one before her if i and you could move
831. he didn't didn't eventually get to that stage because i got forced into it on a number of occasions because it was things that the children wanted to do i was involved with something at school or something like that and i really really wanted to be there and they were sort of non negotiable really mm in terms of well if i lose that contract i lose it because it's
833. that's alright er so yeah i mean she's nicely settled cos she's been with for six years now oh a long time isn't it? where did she meet from school or? she met him through er cha tae kwon do in gosh but he was he's been a very good friend all the way through school of a lad who's her very best
834. t it? where did she meet from school or? she met him through er cha tae kwon do in gosh but he was he's been a very good friend all the way through school of a lad who's her very best friend from school who also went to tae kwon do and the three of them have been living together for the last two years so they're all going
835. met him through er cha tae kwon do in gosh but he was he's been a very good friend all the way through school of a lad who's her very best friend from school who also went to tae kwon do and the three of them have been living together for the last two years so they're all going their separate ways which is quite funny cos people kept saying
837. we've had would've been running a mile ah well same as erm yeah but isn't how old's now? four was it? i was gonna say be going to school won't he? it's either four or he's four next he's four this year i think he's the same age as he's four in june yeah i think
838. ' s within mm i mean can can look after hersherself to a point mm i'm not sure whether it's next september or the year after he he were going to senior school i think it's the year after isn't it? and that's and that's the kind of the pressure point on mm and do they stay down there or does do they look
847. ' s at like eight fifteen it's not that early it's not too bad is it? gosh like the same time i u like six thirty like i used to get up for school i guess yeah yeah bit later depends do i need to wash my hair that day oh no so oh there you are i mean i could probably get up at seven to be honest if i rush myself a
848. i could probably get up at seven to be honest if i rush myself a bit more i'm quite lazy and and yeah i noticed you like to take especially now you're not going to school you're going to college i have you just yeah you just sort of pace it out don't you? you sort of i think i just feel like i have so much longer i don '
849. house and it was so nice uhu it's just nice to just be on the er be on my own yeah relaxed like it sounds really horrible cos i live with my best friend from school and i love her to pieces but sometimes it's oh did you move in cos i remember you saying last time er cos i haven't seen you for ages yeah yeah and it was
853. a monday it's i've got the ninth well it's the second today it'll be the ni it'll be monday it's the ninth then picking him up from school it says yes although today he was finished at half past five and it did say six because they told me it was gonna be till six and feed him was it? yes and hang onto him really or
857. roads and they don't i own the roads i think that time of the morning everyone it's like rush hour isn't it? school run everyone's going to work going to school got to be somewhere dropping someone t on the way yeah i know and and they do people get all wound up you think the the best thing is if everyone just chilled and relaxed and like yeah you let
858. said they still cook in pots out in the garden and that cos they don't think it tastes right if they don't and things like that and they were talking about kids mixing at school they said there were some actual travellers there too that weren't in houses oh and they were talking about the mix and what goes on there and stuff the woman was er from kent she'd married
860. ' m going to badminton i'll put five on mind you there's a lot of difference between it might improve your game there's a lot of difference between the badminton i play and school badminton because my racket's a lot lighter than school rackets you might i might notice it but i'm still that's still quite a good idea i could put five or six on
861. you there's a lot of difference between it might improve your game there's a lot of difference between the badminton i play and school badminton because my racket's a lot lighter than school rackets you might i might notice it but i'm still that's still quite a good idea i could put five or six on and see whether i can still play it also the other thing
862. serious but for schools is doesn't really matter i don't think i don't i don't think that you know that i that isn't an issue in sc because most school players are not club or county players they're not particularly good they wouldn't notice it i'm sure they wouldn't notice it but but what maybe well they they wouldn't notice
868. mm but it's in so yeah they you you wouldn't have the problem in a primary school because a the kids don't play badminton in the same way that they do in secondary school and b if they and and that assumes they're playing the majority won't play badminton in a primary school but those that do play they the level would be very low and they they wouldn '
870. t play badminton in a primary school but those that do play they the level would be very low and they they wouldn't be swinging the rackets around on the floor like they do in secondary school which is where all the damage takes place so it's it's purely a secondary school idea this primary schools you can do the erm you can do the the of the rackets and not
871. and they they wouldn't be swinging the rackets around on the floor like they do in secondary school which is where all the damage takes place so it's it's purely a secondary school idea this primary schools you can do the erm you can do the the of the rackets and not that's what i did with is that alright what? with her school? er yeah well
877. up didn't they? mm yeah yeah they bought it didn't he? yeah we didn't know them at the time but then we erm happened to be's teacher at school yeah lovely people though weren't they? they were really really nice people who bought this place we went round it and round the back they had big like that mm i mean big wooden oh wooden ones
878. that i used to use when i was a l science technician you know some of the stuff in the chemical cupboard i know terrible you know i looked in our c mm in our chemical sstore at school it was like we ain't got much in here compared to what i used to have in mine no mm can't keep it no can't keep it no can't have that can
879. in here compared to what i used to have in mine no mm can't keep it no can't keep it no can't have that can't have the other well yeah at school we were we used to make gunpowder yeah with saltpetre er carbon sulphur mix it all together there was something else that went with it but i can't remember what it was but the
883. eight o'clock quarter to eight he'd be home round about quarter to eight he'd sit by the fire he'd have a cup of tea and then he would take us to school yeah he would take us to school and then he'd come back he'd go to the cash and carry yeah and then he would go to bed round about half round about half eleven maybe twelve
884. he'd be home round about quarter to eight he'd sit by the fire he'd have a cup of tea and then he would take us to school yeah he would take us to school and then he'd come back he'd go to the cash and carry yeah and then he would go to bed round about half round about half eleven maybe twelve o'clock yeah he'd
885. was like thinthinking that you know you think god mm my cousin used to work at er the slaughterhouse down they used their slaughterhouse down there mm right next door to the roman catholic school what? right at the bottom? right at the bottom there yeah you know the roman catholic school? yeah that's on you go down towards and the slaughterhouse was right on the school playing field
889. just make some black pudding what was that programme we saw where there were children were going? oh yes was that on countryfile? no that weren't countryfile whatever was it? school trips to the abattoir school trips to the abattoir i think it's just a bit no i think it's important i do i think that's important i think it '
891. a problem yeah do they still have a policeman up there? mm yeah do they still have a cop there? yeah yeah that's weird where you've gotta have a full time copper at school well it's also p be is there really? yeah yeah but it's all that's all because of cos of what goes on in the estate gets brought into school yeah? oh
892. copper at school well it's also p be is there really? yeah yeah but it's all that's all because of cos of what goes on in the estate gets brought into school yeah? oh i see yeah yeah yeah it used to be a good school you know i came from that school and look what happened it was a little school though wasn't it? mm? it
894. ' s all because of cos of what goes on in the estate gets brought into school yeah? oh i see yeah yeah yeah it used to be a good school you know i came from that school and look what happened it was a little school though wasn't it? mm? it was a little school then really well what? you never went to no i didn't go to i '
895. goes on in the estate gets brought into school yeah? oh i see yeah yeah yeah it used to be a good school you know i came from that school and look what happened it was a little school though wasn't it? mm? it was a little school then really well what? you never went to no i didn't go to i'm talking about mm hasn't got a
896. see yeah yeah yeah it used to be a good school you know i came from that school and look what happened it was a little school though wasn't it? mm? it was a little school then really well what? you never went to no i didn't go to i'm talking about mm hasn't got a police officer ain't it? oh i thought you said no
903. quite an unusual sixteen - year - old i've met other children who grew up within that system and it's quite an alternative approach to development and education's son went to a steiner school really? so he's also a bit different isn't he? mm yeah yeah ee no e not er very bright normal yeah not erm no i don't mean i don't
906. it wasn't just your average school yeah it's a great system erm and they in israel they make sure that at the end you there's a kind of diversion with the normal school curriculum and the normal school system so that you do end up qualified to go to university totally yeah well he went he's got doing maths at leiden mm leiden yeah i remember you saying but from
907. your average school yeah it's a great system erm and they in israel they make sure that at the end you there's a kind of diversion with the normal school curriculum and the normal school system so that you do end up qualified to go to university totally yeah well he went he's got doing maths at leiden mm leiden yeah i remember you saying but from what i i've
909. paid as well mm apart from in a lot of northern european countries yes i think denmark in particular teachers are very well respected and germany to some extent have a female erm friend who teaches in a school in germany erm i actually have a male friend who also teaches in a school in germany and they're treated like civil servants mm and once they have so many years in the role they get extra
910. denmark in particular teachers are very well respected and germany to some extent have a female erm friend who teaches in a school in germany erm i actually have a male friend who also teaches in a school in germany and they're treated like civil servants mm and once they have so many years in the role they get extra tax breaks and big pensions and things like that it's very well respected i
911. that mean? yeah exactly yeah and when it comes out i'm suggesting that somebody hasn't thrown very well but uhu that's bollocks yeah or you know i had a school record for throwing the rounders ball but yeah things like man up or yeah get some balls all this stuff i just think i say man up but i also say woman up woman up yeah woman up yeah
915. mm cos i don't know actual sentences no mm you there what was that? can i go to the toilet in welsh that was one of the first phrases when you're in primary school ah d i still have this memory of the most traumatic experience of what? of my my first week in yeah i went to the toilet yeah and they just they just had on the doors the welsh names
917. a couple of fags watch the news still i always have good morning britain on i watch that and get up mm yeah about quarter past seven cos he gets the bus at ten past eight for school yeah and normally i'm still calling him probably at twenty to eight are you? quarter to eight yeah he's terrible terrible and then he just get up and rush around and grab a cereal a
918. getting up in the morning but she did get up mm and didn't used to go and call he call them at all it was it was down to you you get yourself up you get to school mm if you don't do that you'd be in so much trouble i you'd be better off doing it mm and and they just did it was just gone by he's one
921. this is what i say this is what annoys me his work's good yeah you know he can do this he just yeah yeah goes too far well what it was he had detention friday after school and i had to pick him up about quarter past four when it finished yeah and he turned up at quarter to four and i said what are you doing in here? yeah cos he's obviously
924. come of the hinges yeah yeah do you know what i mean? yeah so i but yeah but no to tell me he forgot and i sort of thought right okay cos he had one thursday after school so i that was mm and he did that one he did that one so i sort of thought maybe cos he did one yesterday he forgot mm yeah that's right yeah yeah he's got
926. enjoyed it it made a change yeah that's good yes so but yeah she's got an old boy erm he's's age yeah that's how we met at the school at the school yeah yeah was that at primary school or? yeah school yeah so known her since oh ten years now yeah so yeah brilliant but yeah used to work at the one at and then they '
927. made a change yeah that's good yes so but yeah she's got an old boy erm he's's age yeah that's how we met at the school at the school yeah yeah was that at primary school or? yeah school yeah so known her since oh ten years now yeah so yeah brilliant but yeah used to work at the one at and then they've moved in
928. good yes so but yeah she's got an old boy erm he's's age yeah that's how we met at the school at the school yeah yeah was that at primary school or? yeah school yeah so known her since oh ten years now yeah so yeah brilliant but yeah used to work at the one at and then they've moved in to the run the shop at yeah
942. up the very top? yeah yeah twenty thousand? that's what i heard off the record not from him but one of the one of his friends i think that is very very cheap was at school with him and very friendly where did he go to school then? what's it er at erm er? yeah and er another bloke who was very friendly with him is they're
943. ' s what i heard off the record not from him but one of the one of his friends i think that is very very cheap was at school with him and very friendly where did he go to school then? what's it er at erm er? yeah and er another bloke who was very friendly with him is they're a nice crowd oh i'm sure down there '
945. as well we're off to london tomorrow oh are you?'s doing a's on his way to mexico's leaving tomorrow morning we're going to pick the kids up from school and look after them for a week while they're in oh are you? mexico oh great he's doing a lecturing sort of tour if you like really? on design really? wow and
948. any friends has he? all your friends are your friends well he hasn't kept in touch with anybody hasn't he? he's had the you know he's had friends at school he had friends at university and they've all just fizzled out and he hasn't felt the need for that then? no isn't that strange now has got a huge amount of friends
950. dreadful what this child's done how awful they must have been brought up really bad you know all these stupid things that go through your head and the next day and you just dread them going into school and they're just really in a state and how awful it's gonna be then they skip out of school that evening and you've had a dreadful day they're fine they're
951. that go through your head and the next day and you just dread them going into school and they're just really in a state and how awful it's gonna be then they skip out of school that evening and you've had a dreadful day they're fine they're best friends and they're best of friends and in the meantime if you're not careful you've run
953. of those things i found i found cos that's quite important isn't it? really really useful erm over the years mm and i find it useful also when they went to secondary school mm cos i used to worry about things then mm you know what streams they were in or what they were for or whatever yeah absolutely all of those sort of stuff yeah or how they did sport or
959. time's not seem to be going down as quickly as we're moving where's it all coming from? well it's why aren't they at work? it's school holidays isn't it? as well more people take time off this time of yeah it's a friday but yeah yeah that guy was quite the classic er builder type like it's funny telling
960. they? no had to keep to stop one more place and then they finally moved to yeah how old was once she once they moved to? erm eleven? so she once she went to secondary school she was settled sort of thing? yeah she was at that age kind of like the rest of you then you all went to lots of middle schools didn't you? dad why are you having to
961. because he keeps accelerating stop it makes me feel sick when that does me as well i'll have to eat all your mints no i mean i was lucky that i only went to one secondary school but and never oh because you'd been moving around yeah yeah cos they were older than me and especially yeah i can imagine i bet went to a lot didn't she? yeah never really
962. you were born? no i was born in oh yeah still yeah when we moved to was about thirteen fourteen something no thirteen i think it was mm and she had a real hard time at the secondary school she went to ah they were horrible to her ah it took her a long long time to settle and she was very unhappy ah now you fucking wait a minute letting you out i've sat there long
963. minute letting you out i've sat there long enough oh so poor so when couple of years later when we were gonna move to yeah she she was fifteen and she had cos you could leave school at fifteen still then mm she had we moved just before christmas and the following summer was when she could leave school mm july and there was no way she was gonna change school again for the last few months
964. were gonna move to yeah she she was fifteen and she had cos you could leave school at fifteen still then mm she had we moved just before christmas and the following summer was when she could leave school mm july and there was no way she was gonna change school again for the last few months no she was absolutely determined and she really stood up for herself that time and said she weren't gonna do
966. i don't know every morning? yeah and back again of an evening cor bloody hell imagine doing that now? jesus i wonder how long that took? but of course then when she left school she didn't know anybody in yeah fucking hell eh? nothing dear never had any friends or anything no no ah so she had a hard time really growing up yeah i guess she's never had
967. that's good yeah erm which was which was alright mm is doing her work i don't think i don't know she's last night she went to the cinema straight after school last night with and then i picked em up from the chinese cos they got themselves a chinese take away did they? right chinese take away and then i picked em up and they came back and well
968. up isn't there? yeah yeah mm and it's like yeah okay but they seem alright it was it was thursday he came back this week so and i had a late night thursday at school until quarter to eight cos we put extra on for some of the kids that we wanted back three teachers got the bullet really? three sl three three slt got the bullet yesterday did you expect them
970. to live in oh yes they used to live in yeah there's a lot of s yeah i i i remember teaching a yeah but er i went and watched a football game the other week after school our year elevens playing's year elevens yeah and i and there was only a couple of kids i recognised i didn't i couldn't recognise any of them no cos you co
971. you don't do you? no cos they do change quite a bit at that age don't they? mm yeah yeah erm so i was asked this week by some kids at school do i know somebody called and it was like well i know a lot of and they said a name and i went no i don't know that one well you might know him as this and i
972. get done yeah you you can do it if you're yeah it is hard work though yeah you just have to work harder at but i suppose you do plan everything just have to work harder at school and get your marking done and have the day off mm or you can do the marking as you're driving up there mm mm i am i am i am thinking i'm thinking about it oh
973. hasn't mm just had the same upbringing as you how remote it can be yeah mm or if you're learning another language mm so i don't know if either of you did any school exchanges er in if you were doing languages at school? no i didn't do it then no no i went to germany twice so you you s have a pen friend mm they come and stay with
974. you how remote it can be yeah mm or if you're learning another language mm so i don't know if either of you did any school exchanges er in if you were doing languages at school? no i didn't do it then no no i went to germany twice so you you s have a pen friend mm they come and stay with you and your family yeah and you go and stay
976. and you would come back and you'd start using some of the conversation in class and the teacher would say no that's not right mm and ththe german teachers i had all through secondary school were either german or they had german parents yeah so they were brought up with the language but still the way they were teaching it was very very formal mm mm and they wouldn't accept when you say
977. do midnight feasts there? yeah mm i'm going to take some food just in case mm if they are mine don't use them okay did you work on your film today at at school? i'm not eating it no no what is the film that you are doing? are you actually going to record one when you go to that place burwell house? we have done most
979. his dissertation his subject is maths wait they don't do a dissertation i thought they did like a special project? yeah he's going erm to er teach a school teach at a school that's what he's going for a couple of months or he said he's still got a thousand word seven thousand words due oh no yeah i think he really said he's got
980. ##rri so don't like like just base it oh i forgot to give it back to her i said i was gonna give it back to her on mon today well you were gonna bring it to school? er well no i was gonna drop it off at her house oh yeah so i'd go to her house of course but erm give to her tomorrow when you go round to hers or does
982. my god we're in year seven we're in the high school oh i'm so cool yeah i'm in and i can do you know walk through the village in my and school uniform form because everyone will be younger than me i remember walking home one time oh my god this is so embarrassing i had erm like a scone or something? and there was a lady behind me
984. paella you were like going oh i don't know why you didn't take food tech actually cos you were mm really good at food tech yeah because i like cooking just not at school i don't like food tech the sa yeah i mean i can't deal with the sinks i kind i like cooking at school because i think it gives you an opportunity to actually cook and try
985. good at food tech yeah because i like cooking just not at school i don't like food tech the sa yeah i mean i can't deal with the sinks i kind i like cooking at school because i think it gives you an opportunity to actually cook and try to show off all your skills new recipes and stuff like cos otherwise i don't i don't cook that much no co
994. to find an audience finding out who is his stuff i mean there was quite a lot of people there today mm so yeah mm but other than that it's appears like well does he go to school does he go to? i mean how does he what what else does he do to support his kind of message? you know like how does he communicate to a big big audience a worldwide audience? that
996. the margin you'd end up leaving yeah i i i just keep going further further and further and down and down and down and down i don't well you know you know how in primary school they were really serious about hand joined up handwriting? no one uses joined up handwriting i i rebelled so much cos i just couldn't do it i join it up sometimes left being left handed they
997. mum or my dad's erm cos my dad the only thing elegant about my dad is his handwriting it's all slanted and like very like cos he went to a catholic school and they were very like my dad's handwriting it's like every letter is like a square right for me like my my uncle my uncle is aggressive well it was a catholic school in wales sorry
1000. writing and then if you got to year three or something if you were deemed good enough you'd be able to write in pen yeah we had that oh yeah cos we went to the same school oh yeah we had that if i were you i'd be going did our childhood mean nothing to you? oh oh yeah look at you you're at uni any more primary school doesn '
1001. same school oh yeah we had that if i were you i'd be going did our childhood mean nothing to you? oh oh yeah look at you you're at uni any more primary school doesn't it was different in our school though because we got to a certain age and you got told off if you were using a pencil like you do in like erm secondary school you're
1006. ' re just like well children hurt themselves it just happens mm so like some things they're more reasona like more reasonable about other things not just depends really but yeah children often still walk to school by themselves a lot because their culture's safer yeah so you'll see really little ones though taking themselves to school sometimes and you're like ah bless them really see i mean in in this
1007. reasonable about other things not just depends really but yeah children often still walk to school by themselves a lot because their culture's safer yeah so you'll see really little ones though taking themselves to school sometimes and you're like ah bless them really see i mean in in this country i mean i'm already worried about going to senior school on her own yeah yeah and that's four ways
1008. ' ll see really little ones though taking themselves to school sometimes and you're like ah bless them really see i mean in in this country i mean i'm already worried about going to senior school on her own yeah yeah and that's four ways away it's four years away yet and i'm already i'm already worried about her walking on her own because because yeah four years
1009. that's when she'll be eleven or eleven won't it? yeah yeah whereas yeah no by that point woah they're doing eve i mean they're taking themselves to school they're taking themselves to afterschool classes they're taking themselves to their academies in the evening yeah by eleven they're allowed to walk around pretty freely it's all all kinds of
1010. all kinds of times in the evening oh right erm yeah they're not so strict about that it's more customs and they do overwork their children horribly though once they get to middle school age once they get to about thirtethirteen to eighteen is a terrible time for a yeah really horrible they're just made to study until the early hours every morning they have a saying
1015. out times tables and some maths as she's been writing in her homework diary cos there's no point in not doing anything for six weeks because by the time she goes back to school she'd have she'd have forgotten lots of stuff exactly exactly i think that's a big problem in our culture is that we're act we we don't actually make our children
1018. s a confidence thing it doesn't matter if he gets a job or not it's just personal confidence i mean he'll go to he's i mean it'll be senior school senior school he'll start next year mm and the sch cos he's at a special needs school now yeah they're going to mainstream them aren't they? they've
1019. confidence thing it doesn't matter if he gets a job or not it's just personal confidence i mean he'll go to he's i mean it'll be senior school senior school he'll start next year mm and the sch cos he's at a special needs school now yeah they're going to mainstream them aren't they? they've said now
1024. know? yeah so i think because of that as well i think the school leave him to just get on with his to pl leavleave him to his own devices half the time says at school all he does is play yeah well but then but then she should do som say something to the school as well as well take him out of the school then if you're not happy with it
1029. she's like write a poem using similes and blah blah blah and i was like i was like okay you don't hardly know what a simile is until you're in secondary school she knows what she knows what a simile is she knows what they are she's got a really good teacher i think that she's taking care of that yeah because there's no because
1032. ##a's new is he? it's like oh they smell lovely yeah they're new one of them each there isn there should be a blue pencil somewhere as well she likes going to school then? she doesn't want to miss a day she said no she w she was really upset on thursday night when we worked out roughly when her if she an appointment for exactly three weeks it will
1033. thursday night when we worked out roughly when her if she an appointment for exactly three weeks it will be the first day she's back appointment was and she's like i'm not missing school because she cried last term because she didn't get a hundred percent certificate oh bless her she cried she actually came out of the school in tears ah god because she never got one because she oh she
1037. years have gone fast since you t started school to be honest they're we're whizzing by them aren't they? mm and soon you'll be like at secondary school weird feel very strange when you're both at secondary school you you'll be able to go to school on your own without me i'll still want to you probably won't darling well
1038. they're we're whizzing by them aren't they? mm and soon you'll be like at secondary school weird feel very strange when you're both at secondary school you you'll be able to go to school on your own without me i'll still want to you probably won't darling well i guess we'll we'll we we will be
1039. by them aren't they? mm and soon you'll be like at secondary school weird feel very strange when you're both at secondary school you you'll be able to go to school on your own without me i'll still want to you probably won't darling well i guess we'll we'll we we will be late if we're with you why? because
1040. would need to go to work well i fit in work around you at the moment don't i? mm yeah mostly erm but you'll we'll go you if you walk to school you can meet and and mama? you know all those people and walk to school with them yes and and oh yeah i can meet up with all oh wait hopefully i'll be able to get to
1041. don't i? mm yeah mostly erm but you'll we'll go you if you walk to school you can meet and and mama? you know all those people and walk to school with them yes and and oh yeah i can meet up with all oh wait hopefully i'll be able to get to school early mm? like have enough time well when we're walking to school
1042. can meet and and mama? you know all those people and walk to school with them yes and and oh yeah i can meet up with all oh wait hopefully i'll be able to get to school early mm? like have enough time well when we're walking to school i'd take a quick can you pass that please? i'd take a quick turn to's house i '
1043. with them yes and and oh yeah i can meet up with all oh wait hopefully i'll be able to get to school early mm? like have enough time well when we're walking to school i'd take a quick can you pass that please? i'd take a quick turn to's house i'd probably mm knock on his door and see if he's there mm
1044. ' d take a quick turn to's house i'd probably mm knock on his door and see if he's there mm well yeah cos he's right on the way to school isn't he? yeah so we'll set up so i'll ask his hang on you wanted me to pass that? have you got enough now? yep carry on i'll ask
1045. up so i'll ask his hang on you wanted me to pass that? have you got enough now? yep carry on i'll ask his mum or dad if he's ready for school yet obviously politely well you'll probably text him before you leave cos you'll all have mobile phones and things won't you? oh yeah mm but it would save phone power mm so
1046. ##s you'll all have mobile phones and things won't you? oh yeah mm but it would save phone power mm so yeah i mean they er you'll you can all walk to school together can't you? mm that'll be nice how lucky that we've just got a school that's only down the road is this dark chocolate? no cos some people have
1048. stuff up did he say more about it where he's moving? erm no but then i'm going to move move move move but then somebody in your class said they were doing home school and i don't think they are i mean her sister is doing home school really? but isn't doing it? no i think she i think she said she was gonna move out after easter
1049. no but then i'm going to move move move move but then somebody in your class said they were doing home school and i don't think they are i mean her sister is doing home school really? but isn't doing it? no i think she i think she said she was gonna move out after easter holidays really? yeah but did you have a leaving thing for her? not yet
1050. is mad cos i remem when when we moved to this village erm yeah we saw them i saw them get pregnant and have the babies and stuff and now they're going to school yeah can i have another one? another cornflakey thing? yeah in fact we met's sorry's no no no no no yeah and that we met them at playgroup when was
1052. start until tuesday so she sent me into a mass panic when she left cos she said oh i said i'll see you on monday and she said monday? i said yeah it's school and she said no no it's a training day and i said no it isn't there's a training day at the village college so i'm working i said it's not
1053. there's a training day at the village college so i'm working i said it's not it's not a training day and i double checked the newsletter and you are going into school on monday mm i know but she booked to send to a holiday erm play scheme for the day so he would've missed his first day at school and he would've been well they probably
1054. checked the newsletter and you are going into school on monday mm i know but she booked to send to a holiday erm play scheme for the day so he would've missed his first day at school and he would've been well they probably wouldn't've been open in a kids'club mm mm well he probably would've preferred it than learning than learning i know but it '
1055. miss the first day unless you're ill really mm are you alright? are you full? it's annoying when you're ill and you think no ah jinx i'm missing school and then you find out that the class did something amazing and you're like yeah what? like poor he was off for ages wasn't he? yeah he's like off t what did
1056. that one oh did he? oh that was a shame yeah but erm well i don't really know if he no that was after well he missed loads of things i think he even missed school trip i think he probably did miss his school trip i can't remember where you went last where did you go? we went we went to the church did you? what were you going to the
1057. a shame yeah but erm well i don't really know if he no that was after well he missed loads of things i think he even missed school trip i think he probably did miss his school trip i can't remember where you went last where did you go? we went we went to the church did you? what were you going to the church for? we were we were remember when
1059. nice it's relaxing you sleep well afterwards have you have you got a you've got a little place you said you go to? it's for that? they do it in the school oh yes the school? it's a professional erm leisure centre but they do outreach classes so they come oh i see to us so that's quite nice and it's only five pounds
1060. relaxing you sleep well afterwards have you have you got a you've got a little place you said you go to? it's for that? they do it in the school oh yes the school? it's a professional erm leisure centre but they do outreach classes so they come oh i see to us so that's quite nice and it's only five pounds a session which is
1075. ' s about the same age as mm so yeah they're all it's all very mu very toddler oh that's nice it is it's really nice actually yeah they start school by the time they're four so i think it goes exactly but i think it's because they've got the tricycles and it's really big they can come a little bit
1077. i wanted like a trip to disneyland or whatever this way you're in the same boat that i were when all er there were some kids that just seemed to always have sick trainers and stuff at school and it was the little things like that you were like why can't i have them? yeah why can't i always have stuff like that? yeah and then you realise as you get older
1078. people and i do it myself like i put things on facebook and the reason i put a lot of things on facebook about how amazing my life is is because a lot of people who i were at school with who bullied me are on my facebook so you can see how shit their life is and you're like look what i'm doing sort of thing yeah and that's why and that
1081. say oh so what so what? we can still walk away when they do that mm what an attitude yeah it's a terrible attitude how do you deal with it really? do they come to school d do they start that school with that attitude? yeah yeah so what happened to the other school the middle school or whatever you call it? same type of thing so how do they? it depends it
1085. school with that attitude? yeah yeah so what happened to the other school the middle school or whatever you call it? same type of thing so how do they? it depends it depends on which middle school they came from yeah yeah? yeah but then what happens is you get the kids who see them getting away with it well of course you do you get that all the time don't you? but
1087. to physically restrain a couple of months ago oh right yeah when he got that kid round the neck and was strangling him yeah that's right yeah yeah mm right he should not be in school well they used to have special schools for them sort of people didn't they? yeah yeah he shouldn't be he kicked a lad today he kicked him cos this lad said something mm he
1088. and you can you can see why some of it is where it is but he is danger he is going to hurt somebody yeah now i have sent emails off saying that this person should not be in school yeah yeah nothing back i'm covering myself yeah as a head of year as a form tutor as a class teacher this student is not safe to be in school yeah yesterday i wait until something's
1089. that this person should not be in school yeah yeah nothing back i'm covering myself yeah as a head of year as a form tutor as a class teacher this student is not safe to be in school yeah yesterday i wait until something's really serious and then yeah yeah and it's why isn't something been done about it? it's wrong yeah yeah why hasn't something been
1090. was on yeah ah mm make you wonder where their head is doesn't it? you know what how they're thinking you know o other morning other morning all the kids were checked coming into school yeah? other morning every kid was checked coming into school making certain they've got their planner making certain they've got a pen got a pencil they've got a ruler right? you don
1091. is doesn't it? you know what how they're thinking you know o other morning other morning all the kids were checked coming into school yeah? other morning every kid was checked coming into school making certain they've got their planner making certain they've got a pen got a pencil they've got a ruler right? you don't you shouldn't have to do that but
1093. there was a consequence they either had to go home and get it or they were put somewhere yeah can't do that here if the kids got sent out they had an hour's detention after school that night they were kept we kept them after school doing that? don't believe in it not doing that oh dear mm need a bit of er discipline though doesn't it? sounds as though
1094. and get it or they were put somewhere yeah can't do that here if the kids got sent out they had an hour's detention after school that night they were kept we kept them after school doing that? don't believe in it not doing that oh dear mm need a bit of er discipline though doesn't it? sounds as though the school once it start going now that's
1098. be going out with you dreamt that oh dear er mm i dreamt about the house well it is a bit worrying that is innit? the house i dreamt about i dreamt about school i dreamt about things that i hadn't done or thought i'd done or hadn't yeah but yeah i'm going to sleep easy i'm going to sleep when i get
1099. away for a few days that was it but and they didn't have if they went with the guides and that brownies and guides yeah they went with the brownies and guides and and the school trips mm they'd have be really missed out yeah but they did get they did get they went to ballet too i'm talking about holi s like holiday things experiences we did have the exchanges
1101. ' s okay then she has she has the money to be able to buy a car mm but kids in this day and age i mean a few a few years ago when our kids were going to school they were jealous of everybody's trainers cos the trainers all come out didn't they? mm and everybody wanted them and they were getting mugged not our kids but kids were getting mugged
1104. to somebody in a different language yeah and then back and mid - sentence chop to that's amazing and and it is yeah she's jshe's just and she goes to a school which is for when they've got english as a second language right because er er well when they're not i'm not sure whether it's actually because german isn't the first
1106. ' s when yyou can pick up languages mm the time to do it yeah yeah yeah pick them up really easily i'm quite disgusted that children don't have to learn a language in school now they they ha i think they have to teach them don't they? erm when they start secondary school yeah mm but erm so was born in nineteen ninety - four so she finished school
1107. i'm quite disgusted that children don't have to learn a language in school now they they ha i think they have to teach them don't they? erm when they start secondary school yeah mm but erm so was born in nineteen ninety - four so she finished school just over two years ago three ythree years ago and erm when she was picking her gcse subjects
1108. now they they ha i think they have to teach them don't they? erm when they start secondary school yeah mm but erm so was born in nineteen ninety - four so she finished school just over two years ago three ythree years ago and erm when she was picking her gcse subjects she didn't have to choose a language oh really? it was compulsory for me
1109. re they're encouraged to yeah but yeah it's not compulsory mm mm i think it's all changed now cos i'm sure my sister cos she's a secondary school teacher was saying that when i was doing mine you had to choose like it and like he or craft or whatev one of those mm mm mm and they say you don't have to choose one
1112. sound horrible she's got a hell of a singing voice hasn't she? mm yeah really really good it always surprises me sometimes but always says it never surprises her because she did drama at school and then went to college and did drama got a diploma in it and she says whenever she sees these the celebrities on er you know whether it's a er oh used to be stars in their eyes
1114. quite a process wasn't there when you were that was quite appealing for you? darkroom photography? i mean it er seems quite cool to me but yeah we had at college at college at school we had erm this light sensitive er like i want to say paper but it's not paper it's like flimsy plasticy stuff okay yeah and so you could like create stuff that
1118. shops every day exactly so you can just chill out and have a cleaner i want this i want this and i want this now cos if you you know like people their kids they go to private school private school costs like thirty - five thousand pounds a year that means your husband or your wife has to earn or has to earn enough to have a disposable income of thirty - five thousand pounds
1119. day exactly so you can just chill out and have a cleaner i want this i want this and i want this now cos if you you know like people their kids they go to private school private school costs like thirty - five thousand pounds a year that means your husband or your wife has to earn or has to earn enough to have a disposable income of thirty - five thousand pounds a year
1120. a lot of money a hundred and fifty thousand more like plus people just take loans out you'd have to my my kid is not going to be that lucky my kids are not going to private school full stop not doing it you can go to state school and suck it up i went to state school i came out perfectly fine yeah we came out fine we got good grades i think it it's
1121. plus people just take loans out you'd have to my my kid is not going to be that lucky my kids are not going to private school full stop not doing it you can go to state school and suck it up i went to state school i came out perfectly fine yeah we came out fine we got good grades i think it it's doable yeah they do not need to go to a
1122. have to my my kid is not going to be that lucky my kids are not going to private school full stop not doing it you can go to state school and suck it up i went to state school i came out perfectly fine yeah we came out fine we got good grades i think it it's doable yeah they do not need to go to a school where they have dodgy uniforms and they
1128. i was in at the beginning with a mm i think i think they called him that's right nineteen forty - four and he started mm yeah i don't know whether i'd left school or not then don't forget i left actually at thirteen you know mm i started work at fourteen and one week and because my birthday as you know jjanuary the tenth was in the christmas holidays
1129. actually at thirteen you know mm i started work at fourteen and one week and because my birthday as you know jjanuary the tenth was in the christmas holidays that's it so when i left school before christmas i was still thirteen and eleven months or something so started then and then from then on everyone that comes is changing it all for the better mm but as it goes on they found out oh there
1131. flushed out mm and i shall write it down take notes this time notes will be taken mum was saying the other day about that erm dvd dvd no not the dvd when she when she went to school and we got her that er the tape recorder cassette? no not tape recorder cassette? the computer? no calculator can't remember calculator oh a calculator the scientific one the
1132. spans millions of years you said renaissance then you said mid prehistoric to jurassic tens of millions of years what's your favourite period? erm period five mm it's close to the end of school quite heavy ain't it? mm what's your favourite period? i like the last day when it's finishing yeah yeah the end of days end of the month the end of the month
1135. of what? oh that's a nice picture where were you? let's see park can you? this morning? yeah what were you? what before school? during school no yeah before school how come you were in park? i told you i walk to school every day but i didn't know you went through the park of course i do oh i
1136. of what? oh that's a nice picture where were you? let's see park can you? this morning? yeah what were you? what before school? during school no yeah before school how come you were in park? i told you i walk to school every day but i didn't know you went through the park of course i do oh i forgot the pi
1137. of what? oh that's a nice picture where were you? let's see park can you? this morning? yeah what were you? what before school? during school no yeah before school how come you were in park? i told you i walk to school every day but i didn't know you went through the park of course i do oh i forgot the pi give me that i
1138. let's see park can you? this morning? yeah what were you? what before school? during school no yeah before school how come you were in park? i told you i walk to school every day but i didn't know you went through the park of course i do oh i forgot the pi give me that i like the scenery whose coat's this? dad's probably or
1140. slightly flawed take a register you won't be there you won't have called in sick no cos i turn up the last two lessons so they'll assume i was slightly late to school anyway i think we'll just tell them in advance that you've got a tennis thing okay i'll write i'll write you a note if you want uhu do that so what
1142. three sets you'd have sorted that out you were just coming into it so have you thought mm? what? nothing oh that phone it doesn't stop beeping do you go online at school? don't have any 3g do you go on your phone at school? yeah yes he's forever texting me mm aren't you? yeah you didn't how many class
1143. have you thought mm? what? nothing oh that phone it doesn't stop beeping do you go online at school? don't have any 3g do you go on your phone at school? yeah yes he's forever texting me mm aren't you? yeah you didn't how many class how many am i? at school oh that's lovely you never text me
1144. ##g do you go on your phone at school? yeah yes he's forever texting me mm aren't you? yeah you didn't how many class how many am i? at school oh that's lovely you never text me oh or you don't reply i'm usually you reply to me what when i when he text me? no when i text you the other day
1145. very bad to have your phone whilst driving i don't do that any more we discovered the other day i don't do that that is bad i bet see exactly that was like me in school i think that's a bit worse actually sl slight error oh it's worse oh that is worse you could exactly you could kill somebody mm i bet doesn't look at his phone does he
1146. why? just to mock him are you gonna phone now we're out of europe and just see? oh said that he's he's probably gonna have to he's leaving after school going back to germany what after school? not a like after he left sixth form do you know why do you know why that is? he's not it's cos of his sickness record
1147. you gonna phone now we're out of europe and just see? oh said that he's he's probably gonna have to he's leaving after school going back to germany what after school? not a like after he left sixth form do you know why do you know why that is? he's not it's cos of his sickness record he's not leaving no his
1148. believe it i have no idea what this argument is about i don't believe it i have no idea i think mr might have been pulling your no yeah i think so there was a lad at school was saying if he had the vote he's be voting in cos man city wanna er sign toni kroos who's toni kroos? a german player oh mm don't
1150. with your life? and we've already talked about okay yeah you know erm and said he'll find work for you you've got a couple of years of work when you leave school if you want it but you don't wanna be d teaching the duffers do you? no you'd wanna be with teaching the good players you do you wanna yeah er and er you do
1151. fine have you spoken to about that? no do you want us to? we need to say to him i know but we need to say you're doing that because helped you out in primary school i think i've told him that before have you? i'll speak to him tomorrow when i beat him yeah cos he won't be in a position to talk to me then it
1152. don't it twice yeah i've only done it twice but we need to say to he's happy to just have a knock with him and teach him because taught him english in primary school and helped him it's not only that let's be honest it's that it's about the fact that has been good to us as a family no absolutely yeah no i i agree
1153. any uni open days have i?'s going to one tomorrow really? do they go for them that early? yeah they'll go today oh have you not read the newsletters from school? if you're meant to be going you're meant to be going now we're a bit late your dad is so behind right so do you wanna go to some or not? mm
1155. of people who are dyslexic have coloured overlays so they'll have like a green piece of acetate yeah acetate that they just lay over and then my friend at school he was i mean must have had it quite bad erm so teachers used to write it on the board in green erm for him and the he erm used to have these glasses and they were
1156. that and i was like okay i was like you you made it out like you were being ignored or left out of everything when you weren't yeah you behaved like a child like you were in school yeah and i just didn't wanna deal with it and she went yeah i know i'm really sorry like i get really jealous you get what? i just not i think i was not expecting
1157. i'm really sorry like i get really jealous you get what? i just not i think i was not expecting her to come out with these answers like she was like yeah when i was at school i always used to get jealous of friends and you and seem to have all these amazing times together when i'm not there i'm like what? what are you on about? like oh dear
1159. yeah but it's the same as like and though like they broke up after years together didn't they? so mm yeah i just don't think there's any couple left from school now mm well from our group anyway yeah right wow yeah it completely slipped i was gonna text you like the moment that i found out and i was like no no no i've got to wait until
1161. yeah wow big news no i don't think there is anyone else that's still together is there? no even at all like i'm trying to think of like people that were at school toge you know i genuinely can't think of anybody from school who's still together well is still going out oh but i don't think they went out anyway in school who was that
1162. that's still together is there? no even at all like i'm trying to think of like people that were at school toge you know i genuinely can't think of anybody from school who's still together well is still going out oh but i don't think they went out anyway in school who was that? who is she with now? can't think of him they
1163. were at school toge you know i genuinely can't think of anybody from school who's still together well is still going out oh but i don't think they went out anyway in school who was that? who is she with now? can't think of him they were in art in i know who was but i don't know who he is like was a right weirdo
1164. blanked him from my memory he obviously didn't fill my life with any joy but erm mm yeah no one else i can really think of is still in a relationship with somebody else from school just them two yeah flying the flag they're done and dusted now the flag i did say to whether he think they'd get back together in the in like in the future he was like
1171. my mates to it because yeah mum used to play it i think my mum basically the there were five kids yeah but there's five years in between each child oh right so as one went to school to school another one came along it was like oh it would be nice to have a little one running round so that's what they did which meant she would grow up with older sisters yeah and brothers
1175. ' t enjoy doing sort of craft things or making things i sorry erm i'm i'm very good at doing making stuff out of nothing or so for example when the kids were at school yeah and you had to have something made for the day that they were going to be in oh yes yeah or dressing up or whatever like an outfit or something like that yeah but i would make it out
1178. came back to each time as well oh right so all my family are here mm not saying that i wouldn't move and we actually did say a couple of years ago when the children had finished school which they both have now's at college but yeah not at school then we'd think about moving somewhere maybe a little bit closer to cambridge yeah cos's so much into his music he
1179. here mm not saying that i wouldn't move and we actually did say a couple of years ago when the children had finished school which they both have now's at college but yeah not at school then we'd think about moving somewhere maybe a little bit closer to cambridge yeah cos's so much into his music he can't find reliable like - minded musicians around mm those that he
1181. and left home yeah but then they start having their own families yeah yeah and er you know can you look after the baby? yeah can you look after them? yeah can you pick him up from school? yeah can you do this and that? or even the fact that that people thought they were gonna move away but actually when there's grandkids there they don't want to no they
1182. yeah mm i know lots of people that that i work with who er particularly the girls one of the only reasons they can work is because their parents or their partner's parents have the children after school or they have them in the morning mm and take them to school yeah or they have them the one day a week when they're not at nursery yeah and they wouldn't be able to no
1183. er particularly the girls one of the only reasons they can work is because their parents or their partner's parents have the children after school or they have them in the morning mm and take them to school yeah or they have them the one day a week when they're not at nursery yeah and they wouldn't be able to no function if if that wasn't the case mm they wouldn '
1185. that and my sister erm knows don't you? yeah she'd got erm two girls well mm he used to live there she used to look after them she was taking them to school i w i wouldn't have had a job if she hadn't but i used to mm treat her it was good for her yeah anyway he used to think was mm mm with he always to
1188. the rubbish so it doesn't wouldn't go down the drain otherwise it would fat never ending work i'm afraid erm i just phoned er the school's er school admissions school admissions yeah yeah in yeah erm yeah? checking out the feasibility of maybe coming to school here mm erm i haven't spoken to about it no er because i i thought i'll need
1192. only address the the that i've got which is here now mm mm yeah? uhu so which would mean you'd know then move to need to move and if you got her into school you'd need to move to that area yeah? right and then erm i mean how would that fit in with the housing er getting housing well you just have to look for a flat would would
1194. to make sure you otherwise you're stuck with try travelling load you know a long way to pick her up and drop her off and you know erm i know you won't get into school because it is the most popular school in i would think other than the catholic school which they go you can travel all over to go to trav catholic school but erm there are flats all down there
1199. right pounds a month would it would it not be better rather than registering saying my adaddress is here saying it was in er give's address? because that'd be easier finding a school and housing why? no? there's no schools around where is is there? mm are there not? i don't know no no oh no it would need to well the best thing to
1203. ? area? yeah so actually in schools mm? in yeah are there any schools in the area do you know? well i'm sure there are where? kids there they have to go to school yeah i always see lots of there's but that's quite a long way isn't it? there's erm er what's it? that ah is it? oh no
1206. no that's not what i want is it? my work trousers there a a b c's my work trousers there thank you darling what is that dark? yes okay single catchment area two school catchment area for people live in on boats and travelling children even they have schools so ah ah they get places so that's you know ah that's what i'm saying it's not
1209. be in there but what do i mean what how i i on the situation i mean i haven't even spoken to yet about joining no no exactly but if i said she wanted to know about school and accommodation now if i say well what? yeah so well you don't need to tell what your exact circumstances are do you? mm no but it seems it more than she told you no er
1219. ##m and erm usually what they would do is they'd give some children the responsibility of being hom a mentor you know a couple of children just show her round and look after her in school and be her mentor in school so for missing september it's not like it's mm like everyone's gonna be new in september mm they'll be already in their classrooms by by then
1220. they would do is they'd give some children the responsibility of being hom a mentor you know a couple of children just show her round and look after her in school and be her mentor in school so for missing september it's not like it's mm like everyone's gonna be new in september mm they'll be already in their classrooms by by then by the time she's
1224. be agreeable to coming over here now erm rather than later mm er because that way erm i i'll be with her and i can look after her and i can get her into school and erm er there was free health and free schools and the the air's much cleaner et cetera et cetera but apart from that because she already well why don't you get a
1226. you and and erm be able to keep you erm but i don't understand if he is able to why you're moving to well that's cos the money for the school i know why mm i know cos he can't afford to pay for the school mm she would expect me to but what i'm saying hm? she'll expect me to i '
1227. if he is able to why you're moving to well that's cos the money for the school i know why mm i know cos he can't afford to pay for the school mm she would expect me to but what i'm saying hm? she'll expect me to i'm surprised she hadn't asked me already well she probably is but you just say like
1228. my life together her and i'm you know i've got i'm gonna rent a flat if that is a problem i would have to bring her up here where she would have free school free medical fresh air and quite a large family of i'd like to here the er erm accent it more on the that i want her rather than the money well personally if he's not
1229. what you want you know you wanna be with your child and tough as far as she's concerned but she should be listening to what's best for mm and she's moving to for school mm you know but she still hasn't got free medical she still hasn't got fresh air although is it more better air over there? i don't know erm yeah it's
1230. know you you that answer to her i'll help you do it okay you you need to do that quite quickly send that to her to give her something to think about's presumably still at school is she? yeah she was she's on holiday at the moment but erm yeah but at the end of that mm next week she goes back she send she's happy to send her off
1232. she she'll want to be back to normal certain she's always had her mother you see yeah but she hasn't that's that's she's she's at school all the time well that's it and i don't they're not close you seem to say no well i don't know so a little girl needs her mother but as i say
1235. have no problem at all no no no i've never had any problem talking in public either i've what was my first training was on the stage so i i did three years at drama school mm and i mean performing is better to me than actually yeah yeah doing anything else erm you know? much better than anything else really so erm so what do you see the future of this course
1236. do i go he says you know? yeah mm then they've got to reverse all the way back haven't they mm they can't see it no the the i was taking to school mm i told you about this didn't i i was taking to school and er we were just walking down nice and happy all and this bloke went to go over the chicane er
1237. to reverse all the way back haven't they mm they can't see it no the the i was taking to school mm i told you about this didn't i i was taking to school and er we were just walking down nice and happy all and this bloke went to go over the chicane er just in there mm and another bloke was coming down and he didn
1242. like the director of studies and be like i just don't know what to do he distracts everyone duh duh duh duh oh god so his parents packed him off to boarding school in krakow oh no erm poor kid i teach his sister now in she's at this erm the international baccalaureate school okay erm and she's in right now cos yesterday she t
1243. duh duh oh god so his parents packed him off to boarding school in krakow oh no erm poor kid i teach his sister now in she's at this erm the international baccalaureate school okay erm and she's in right now cos yesterday she t er had a n medicine interview at the university of oh yeah you told me about her yeah so this is her brother mm mm
1244. me about her yeah so this is her brother mm mm and he's sso naughty er but they've s you know he's sixteen and they've sent him off to boarding school er and it's he was great he they've you know he's really straightened out mm erm did you tell him i remember you when you were naughty? did you have that conversation
1247. good girl i'll think of that in my head and be like no well done i can't say that when i'm and miss she goes yes if boys if you go into primary school teaching or nursing you'll get loads of money and i'm like but why? yeah and it's like cos it's cos it's mainly female female - based and
1248. and they're like what's wrong? and you're like i've got a cold and they're like oh get better soon you're just like when someone stays off school for a cold they're like oh my such a wimp like you can't stay off school for a cold exactly but actually colds are really bad and i hate having a stuffed up nose
1249. and they're like oh get better soon you're just like when someone stays off school for a cold they're like oh my such a wimp like you can't stay off school for a cold exactly but actually colds are really bad and i hate having a stuffed up nose and you can't breathe and you're like yeah that's yeah i've just had
1251. s like but my hair is like half wavy half straight and i'm like seriously it's fine like the other day she had her done and she was literally crying like on the way to school and she was literally like crying about her hair and she was like it's really bad oh my god it's fine that day that day i was like walking with her and i don't
1252. nobody in japan is tall so i felt really tall and when i come back to england i'm like yeah literally my family my family makes me feel so tall and then when i get back to school i'm not even that tall yeah like i'm like at school like woah like you stand up and then everyone's like really yeah tall and you have to like look up really tiny
1254. he was capable of putting weight on mum can i go out then? no why? no why? no cos you've been out enough i haven't you have i'm off school i know yeah so exactly no you stayed out last night with your cousins you stayed out didn't even want to for the last couple of weeks you stayed out a couple of nights ago you couple now
1257. last book had come out and i read it i thought i'll read the whole thing again as one or listen to it yeah well i've never i read them all when i was at school and then i read them again at secondary school when deathly hallows yeah ne no goblet of fire come out yeah no goblet of fire deathly hallows is it? yeah part
1258. i thought i'll read the whole thing again as one or listen to it yeah well i've never i read them all when i was at school and then i read them again at secondary school when deathly hallows yeah ne no goblet of fire come out yeah no goblet of fire deathly hallows is it? yeah part one wouldn't you rather just watch the
1259. never got i never got the second part did you like harry potter? what? did you like harry potter? i watched the films i never read the book though i remember when i was in primary school my dad took me to the asda erm after school and got me the first box set oh yeah i remember that mm and erm i was in's a few week well two weeks ago
1260. potter? what? did you like harry potter? i watched the films i never read the book though i remember when i was in primary school my dad took me to the asda erm after school and got me the first box set oh yeah i remember that mm and erm i was in's a few week well two weeks ago and seen harry potter and i thought oh gosh as i
1263. and b really oh no yeah oh shit i forgot how fun this game was yeah it's cool i always thought you could throw these things i used to play this for hours rather than go to school yeah you didn't go you'd skive yeah i'd play this oh shit what did school say? oh the usual crap i got really good yeah? used to play things all the
1266. stuff as much cos mm i dunno it was quite fun to do writers toss but erm the challenges if they're too specific i found them a bit like a bit like back at school yeah yeah i think they're quite good cos i used to do them with my grandad and he's a massive writer oh oh erm but he found them like really restrictive and he
1267. ' s the misquoted most misquoted line ever and something er yeah yeah i've never seen that one hamlet yeah i think i can't even remember if we did it in school it's quite long so and and quite hard so a lot of people don't do it in school i don't think it's got so it's just got so yeah we
1268. that one hamlet yeah i think i can't even remember if we did it in school it's quite long so and and quite hard so a lot of people don't do it in school i don't think it's got so it's just got so yeah we were told not to write about it for our exams in university yeah really? well cos it we weren '
1269. mm professors from the er from early stages that's interesting but they were the ones also who just ended up being was the fact they were more confident yeah and that they had probably come from private school and had yeah had kind of been coached into that mentality already and the they they weren't smarter they were just more articulate yeah because they'd been in situations like a supervision before whereas
1271. to really talk to me until it's like twentysomething just seriously i mean get to the age of four oh i've got my child now i have to give it to the public school system which i don't think is a good education system at all and then they decide what my child learns and they decide and there's systems outside of that but you can't afford to
1272. some photos of you she was like look how toned my daughter is i was like oh right oh god no not really well i try to but i haven't been since the kids broken up from school so yeah look at you both you do between the three of us we're all pretty slim aren't we? it's good we are aren't we? yeah we kept our figures
1273. ' ve just been doing so and how was it? how was it teaching? did you enjoy it? erm i've worked in every age bracket in korea i did a year in elementary school first you did yeah then i did a year in high school then i left korea for a year and a half and then i came back and did a year in two middle schools a girls'two girls
1274. was it teaching? did you enjoy it? erm i've worked in every age bracket in korea i did a year in elementary school first you did yeah then i did a year in high school then i left korea for a year and a half and then i came back and did a year in two middle schools a girls'two girls'middle schools and this last year i've been working
1276. ' t know you i would think you're mid - thirties and this guy's like twenty - eight or something oh don't i'm the same mm or all the ones at school that you sort of thought were really popular and look great have actually aged terribly have you noticed that? yeah the ones that you sort of thought were super cool they've like aged like really badly a
1278. i really should've learn italian by now shouldn't i? yeah yeah you you should've done mm so yes or no? do you speak another language? education i went to secondary school and i went to college sixth form cool tick em and that is it tick em both secondary school but what is like as in? so high school it's the same yeah same it's so
1281. to drive? no no no no what breaks erm? no will you? do you think? maybe not i don't really like cars what breaks are you are you gonna have just the school holiday breaks? erm i've got a good deal of time off but it depends on how busy i am with my course i mean well i was just thinking look at this if if can '
1283. to know what's going on and you need to mm have got through it at the right level and be at the right speed and everyone learns everything together and okay and if you come out at school at sixteen or eighteen with a c you're gonna carry that for the rest of your life that's that's what you are you're a c grade student because clearly at eighteen you
1284. re not fully experienced until like late twenties to be honest up until you're fully i know it's easy to say yeah but don't worry about like's performance too much at school oh if he's a little bit behind at this point or a little bit ahead at some other point er he will learn i think is gonna be i can't say for certain but she seems
1287. they do what they're told and they yeah memorise things easily it's character it's everything other students yeah it's everything that contributes towards it you know i was terrible at school i was a i would hate to have taught myself at school because i was constantly distracted yeah constantly bored constantly wanting to do something else and gets himself really upset if he's not grasping it it '
1288. things easily it's character it's everything other students yeah it's everything that contributes towards it you know i was terrible at school i was a i would hate to have taught myself at school because i was constantly distracted yeah constantly bored constantly wanting to do something else and gets himself really upset if he's not grasping it it's like but mummy i'm really trying i said you
1299. on the independent climate change panel mm who we have international national and local climate change experts mm but they forgot to tell us that two of them were employed by ecotricity and two of them were school kids mm and another one was a guy who filtered the muck out of chip shop fat yeah and ran an old bus on it and a vicar and a vicar seeking divine guidance so that's when
1300. m going to go to england for it i think i looked at flights and they were dead expensive but i think i looked a bit too prematurely so they're always higher mm when's your school holiday? er i can't remember that i need to check i thought it was over by april is it not like the twenty - third to the thirtieth or something? that's
1303. we need to unpack everything and make sure it's clean yes yes i was too yeah do you know what you guys could do? what? next week which would be very helpful straight after school on tuesday just before brownies we could do a we could wash the car yes please i love washing the car why? to make it look like it's in good condition? mm mm just to
1304. ' ve built a house right so you can't kids can't live in a caravan anymore unless you're on a caravan site with an address because otherwise they can't go to school okay cos you you have to have an address to go to school oh dear but i don't know i don't know aw i admire their bravery yeah i just hope it all works out
1305. t live in a caravan anymore unless you're on a caravan site with an address because otherwise they can't go to school okay cos you you have to have an address to go to school oh dear but i don't know i don't know aw i admire their bravery yeah i just hope it all works out as like a like a dream it'll be interesting to see what
1306. is inconvenient cos i'm having a nap was like er look at us in our cosies look at us all dressed up i'm wearing the jeans that i wore to school yesterday it was fucking er non - uniform day and er i went oh yeah you had to lend a pound yeah i had to a pou like literally i had to scrimp and save to donate
1307. and it kind of makes it a bit easier cos like every day when i'm finishing work i'm like having to run home to look after the dog whereas i could be staying at school doing work yeah and whereas there's more peop there's more people here that are experienced with dogs so like you start before there's anywhere to go i know you look at my hand
1309. fucking hilarious that motivated me through a levels that video i just watch it i'd be like it's funny every time say something i'm giving up on you something mm did you do school in french? mm mm okay this might sound really really stupid erm you know i told you about my spanish friend? yeah she said after she she did school in english she said after she'd
1310. on you something mm did you do school in french? mm mm okay this might sound really really stupid erm you know i told you about my spanish friend? yeah she said after she she did school in english she said after she'd done school in english although she was still like completely fluent in spanish she had to do university in english because of like all the terms that she's learned she
1311. ? mm mm okay this might sound really really stupid erm you know i told you about my spanish friend? yeah she said after she she did school in english she said after she'd done school in english although she was still like completely fluent in spanish she had to do university in english because of like all the terms that she's learned she didn't know them in spanish did you not
1312. ' s like fuck yeah you wear makeup as i wear hair wax what's that? i'm not doing though going out i know how proud of you are though? when i was at school i would never have done that i would have put makeup on before leaving my room you don't need makeup look at you ah running down your face the summer that new boy band i prefer these to
1313. like it alright good looking i don't watch so he's stunning he's not he is he's like thingy i remember being in my mate's house back at secondary school and they were obsessed with er the pussycat dolls and they were like oh isn't the main singer fit? i didn't find her attractive at all erm the lead singer of pussycat
1316. okay we had dining hall in our school yeah i feel a little bit poorly i'm just gonna like take it a bit and have some toast or something i used to call it the cafeteria at school everyone's like no it's the canteen cos cafeteria's american apparently mm is it? yeah what's that? i'd say it's gold actually that's a
1317. d made lamb curry did he? yeah so i rescued some of that rescued it the one time when i was in that predicament was you know the same gujarati my erm my friend from school like i used to literally live at her house she lived at mine and um mm and her mum's potato k like it was so so perfectly beautiful and they used to make very very thin rotis
1318. were living in and it was just so like it would literally the brakes didn't work and stuff and there were about ten occasions where we'd sh she'd come and get us from school and we'd come out and they'd be like people just holding it cos she'd parked it on a hill it was like did it not have a handbrake? it did
1319. one day and came along and asked her oh who's died? yeah well it's quite easy to say that isn't it? eh there's actually a friend of mine in school and we were sitting in the physics class and this mate of mine didn't get on with this other mate of mine right and erm they were just having a go at each other and i can
1320. online successfully no you no you wouldn't and how to steal things no not really eh just how to lie to the police you know or all all the things they don't tell you in school but you know all the things in school that they don't tell you like you know like the fact i never knew i had a right right to arrest people then i realised that policemen are just exhibiting
1322. pop up if they're both tagged in it if you get on a facebook account for ten minutes yeah if there was a nosy app just put nosy i think? yeah you know from school you were teased about or uni or no? i know that's what it's for to look at everybody's picpictures? that's what people do isn't it
1330. pictures i'll just keep it out because erm but but so hid behind his ears because he was very shy now those are rather big ears why are your ears so big? the children at school asked erm that's a nice colourful one actually yeah erm why are your? erm yeah i don't know said poor i think that's i mean i i love your drawings
1331. is how it would be yes in the book yeah m erm mm and two very big ears right go to the next one er when why? why are your ears so big? the children at school asked i don't know said yes keep going on when it snowed he used his ears as a scarf but his head was cold so his mother took him to the shops had a green hat it
1332. as well where a day when's working or something and he's just there with the kids he could just have a kind of mm mm yeah that's yeah when they're at school he could just meet his friends er mm mm but he said he wanted mm erm don't know whether they'd be able to yeah i thi i think he erm so perhaps i
1333. i don't have much stuff i think the children must be breaking up from school yeah bit early i just have the necessities it's just i don't know where to put it maybe you need more cupboards i've got no room i mean it's
1334. some serious email and they just see a pug all just laughed at themselves and then write to me about excluding something you're trying to make you're trying to make serious she put her school photo up i know her actual school photo yeah imagine if someone put a nude one or did you see and all like in their email? yes no no no no no chatting a i loved what a whore
1335. a pug all just laughed at themselves and then write to me about excluding something you're trying to make you're trying to make serious she put her school photo up i know her actual school photo yeah imagine if someone put a nude one or did you see and all like in their email? yes no no no no no chatting a i loved what a whore and were talking about yeah yeah and
1336. brief period of time yeah oh my god do you remember when you had an argument? what do you get when you multiply five by absolute nazi do you know what right? no she was at school right in primary school we ended up having an argument with because we were talking about the nazis and stuff like that and then she was like yeah well is my country and i will support my country with whatever
1337. yeah oh my god do you remember when you had an argument? what do you get when you multiply five by absolute nazi do you know what right? no she was at school right in primary school we ended up having an argument with because we were talking about the nazis and stuff like that and then she was like yeah well is my country and i will support my country with whatever it chooses to do
1339. what? i'd say it now if there was another world war and i like one other side was winning i'd be like okay i'll other side oh she was terrible in primary school you'd argue over ought you like and i was just like you can't say it now you're a weirdo eh you can't say that oh my god the amount of and
1341. about nice things tell your friend i will tell him i will post it on facebook ho ho it's there's a there was a can i write it with him? yeah yes out of school by a story mm hey we could work on it during your party yeah i shall invite him definitely yeah yeah there is a film called alien which is horrible and i've never seen it where erm
1342. granny and grandpa arrived and granny had had they had had ten children and were completely incapable of coping with us they were just not up to it to ch small children and erm i had just started school erm or i was just about to start school i can't remember but that was very very fortunate m oh yes mother remembered that she was making my buttercup coloured school blouses at i suppose
1343. had ten children and were completely incapable of coping with us they were just not up to it to ch small children and erm i had just started school erm or i was just about to start school i can't remember but that was very very fortunate m oh yes mother remembered that she was making my buttercup coloured school blouses at i suppose ready for the next term erm when this accident
1344. i had just started school erm or i was just about to start school i can't remember but that was very very fortunate m oh yes mother remembered that she was making my buttercup coloured school blouses at i suppose ready for the next term erm when this accident happened and er first of all they thought she'd die she had third degree burns and then they kept her alive somehow or
1347. h suppose i was hugely lucky because i had a bank of memories yes and's bank wasn't nearly as full as mine no and i know that one of the ways i survived at boarding school was erm i would i would s go off by myself and dig about in a little patch of pretend garden mm and i would remember my mother in particular attitudes and i would just i would have an
1351. of the schools i know it's really annoying it's really really annoying it's just like i'm sorry private school mums piss off taking your chil your one child to school in your land rover can't you get them on a bus? yeah put them in a bus or do a car share or something like it is genuinely ridiculous the difference between going to work without schools
1352. get to and then it takes me a good like sometimes it's taken forty minutes to do like three miles it's ridiculous and it's just like that is your stupid fault stupid private school mums definitely generalising there stupid private school people it's like piss off it's really annoying it's the same in as well but it's just it's because the schools
1353. like sometimes it's taken forty minutes to do like three miles it's ridiculous and it's just like that is your stupid fault stupid private school mums definitely generalising there stupid private school people it's like piss off it's really annoying it's the same in as well but it's just it's because the schools are right in the city centre i know that
1361. ##es ah because they were home schooled they're just pretend no they were home tutored weren't they? cos they were on set all the time so they never actually went to school i wish i had wings and as far as i know like their tests and stuff are different so ah to be totally honest i think if she'd applied to harvard and been like i'm emma
1363. and it was like well they should be out at work doing work on the job and i said well look i said there isn't much difference between i said there's your we went to school at the same time i said but the school that i went to when you're in the sixth - form it's a comprehensive school they they try to push you to univ not push you
1367. now you're going out to work to earn your keep i said i'm not being funny i said but back to being norfolk mentality for certain females yeah yeah i said was i leave school i get a job i find a a guy i get married i have children i stay at home yeah and that was a big thing for a lot of norfolk girls yeah well it still is for a lot
1369. it i just find it but that i needed that education extra but i you know but yeah but my parents were always wanting you know wanting to do something for me if you know i went to private school really? i don't know whether you knew that but i went to private school did you? yeah really huh now to begin with i went i went to i went to school and i hated it
1370. yeah but my parents were always wanting you know wanting to do something for me if you know i went to private school really? i don't know whether you knew that but i went to private school did you? yeah really huh now to begin with i went i went to i went to school and i hated it yeah? i really hated it with a p didn't like it at all and
1373. from work and he took the two girls and and now's dad mum and dad owned a shop so we were in competition with them oh right but my dad took yeah? to sch to school so he took four of us to school of a morning yeah and then their parents would pick us up oh i see of an evening so dad took us of a morning and my and their parents took it
1379. ' re talking seventy - two here yeah and my mum says he's not going there and in the end i used to have to catch a bus which was like an eight mile trip to the school that i went to yeah? and where i'd been taken to school every morning all of a sudden on a monday morning i'm catching a bus to take me to this school to this school
1380. not going there and in the end i used to have to catch a bus which was like an eight mile trip to the school that i went to yeah? and where i'd been taken to school every morning all of a sudden on a monday morning i'm catching a bus to take me to this school to this school oh well yeah and went that way and then that was just a normal primary
1384. way and then that was just a normal primary school then bit like yeah yeah and i re went then going there i've met up with students who i used i'd to to go to school at this private school yeah wow huh huh and then it was like and then i went to a normal comprehensive school but my parents always felt that education was important yeah yeah wantwanting wanting they were right
1387. yeah yeah wantwanting wanting they were right as well wanting the best yeah i never looked for i didn't even know to be honest with you yeah that there was further education when i left school mm it was all apprenticeships though wasn't it? they were apprenticeships yeah and that what i did i didn't know i had engineering apprenticeships of that's what and there '
1389. important wouldn't never really had watched talk about it because when did i when did i see him? i saw him when he came home from work on the morning as he was taking us to school yeah i didn't see him of a night time because at six o'clock he got up had his tea and then left to go to work cos he worked nights for forty - five years
1393. s a friday that's whitsun week is it? are you doing anything then? no oh no to the seventh of june so you're away that week are you? no from school i mean yeah right and then so the twenty - ninth? yeah? to the seventh of june to the seventh of june that's yorkshire you can come and see us whereabout in yorkshire?
1396. ' re enjoying your your riding so there's nothing wrong with that is there? no so it's not everything then is it? no i said and you're doing really well at school you get a real you got a really good report so it's not it's not school is it? so that's not everything yeah so but er yeah yeah showed us her her photographic
1398. it was a standard size piece of yeah mdf or plywood what we've got you know? i said i c you c how would you get it? how would you get it to school? how would you get it to the sixth form? yeah if it was larger than four foot by two foot oh yeah that's a bit weird innit? i said and if they want to
1401. ##in youtube yeah that's what they say to the teenagers isn't it don't do it just don't take photos because obviously i mean they're all messing around and at school then the photos get passed around the you know girls called slags boys are patted on the back you know yeah yeah i remember when a photograph of me in my underwear got passed around the school oh ho
1404. cares about is his social skills yeah cos she just said yeah he'll do well academically probably but i don't care about that i just don't want him bullied at school i want to work on his social skills yeah yeah rather than his ability to read a comic you know? like that yeah sorry i know so is everyone finished? is that code for can i go away
1405. father? that's right so my grandfather yeah so we di so this is the grandfather that you never really knew about? absolutely cos it was always like your granny i remember even from yeah school days i remember yeah it was always granny wasn't it? yeah it was always like granny basically mum and granny wasn't it? granny this and granny that yes it was yeah wasn't
1407. what you used to call them in scotland? probably not half dark lager and a big a double of whisky or ale if you're drunk enough and where where did? where did go to school? er in er went to to? grammar school cos it's oh right i don't think erm she went to oh you went to and where else she go? lovely i don
1408. not half dark lager and a big a double of whisky or ale if you're drunk enough and where where did? where did go to school? er in er went to to? grammar school cos it's oh right i don't think erm she went to oh you went to and where else she go? lovely i don't entirely know where is is it up at
1410. nee needs nee needs and where are you off to next? erm wants me to go to with her to? yeah were you two mates at uni? mates at uni? went to school school when you say school do you mean school or do you mean? uni? i mean university our school so what do you make of? it's good? is it fun? e they
1412. where are you off to next? erm wants me to go to with her to? yeah were you two mates at uni? mates at uni? went to school school when you say school do you mean school or do you mean? uni? i mean university our school so what do you make of? it's good? is it fun? e they've got a pretty
1418. people in? because has loads and loads of school where everyone else seems to have no school gets up in the morning gets on the bus but no one's on the bus because no one starts school yet no one's on the bus? well i got eh i made sure u cos i'm always early as well everyone everyone else is late is it like a campus bus? it '
1419. a campus bus? it's a bus cos i i live where there's l there's like five halls that's where i live i sort of live tr those buses the school bus? yeah the school bus is it yellow? the bus no it's a normal bus with normal people on it do you have to pay for it? no it's only free this year
1420. ' s a bus cos i i live where there's l there's like five halls that's where i live i sort of live tr those buses the school bus? yeah the school bus is it yellow? the bus no it's a normal bus with normal people on it do you have to pay for it? no it's only free this year though erm and so
1421. ? the bus no it's a normal bus with normal people on it do you have to pay for it? no it's only free this year though erm and so i get into school and er pass the water? yes i go school come back from school make dinner go to the bar maybe go out hang on okay? go to school all day when do you have lunch? erm
1422. with normal people on it do you have to pay for it? no it's only free this year though erm and so i get into school and er pass the water? yes i go school come back from school make dinner go to the bar maybe go out hang on okay? go to school all day when do you have lunch? erm well mostly i have it u from sainsbury
1423. it do you have to pay for it? no it's only free this year though erm and so i get into school and er pass the water? yes i go school come back from school make dinner go to the bar maybe go out hang on okay? go to school all day when do you have lunch? erm well mostly i have it u from sainsbury's but i
1424. year though erm and so i get into school and er pass the water? yes i go school come back from school make dinner go to the bar maybe go out hang on okay? go to school all day when do you have lunch? erm well mostly i have it u from sainsbury's but i quite often go to this place called the but only you know you on you can
1426. right outside your bedroom door yeah but i don't like i don't wake up and like i'm like i don't like care what it looks like when i'm in school you don't care what it looks like when you go to school? it always looks fucking brilliant doesn't it? erm yeah i bet it does yeah are you happy with that just be
1427. ' t wake up and like i'm like i don't like care what it looks like when i'm in school you don't care what it looks like when you go to school? it always looks fucking brilliant doesn't it? erm yeah i bet it does yeah are you happy with that just be honest so i get my tesco tesco deli get my te
1429. exactly the same age as was really good no she was my age anyway so u sorry a side thing and erm she i don't know but she used to come with her mother on the school holidays and she'd for someone who was such a rubbish cleaner she did a really really good and she would pick up all's knickers and fold them absolutely couldn't bare it that
1431. of berk the dragon? dragons riders of berk dragons colon riders of berk you know the yeah colon is the two dots? mm one above the other have you yeah been taught that in school yet? nope yeah have you? nope it's there to basically act like an arrow it's kind of saying dragons riders of berk yeah? so or today i'm going to do
1433. quite good at making mosaics mm well you can get mosaic making kits because that's what i used to do when i worked for i used to make little ones to to show school people at school kind of ah like pretend roman ones how big are the squares? oh tiny kind of like half of a a kind of four piece lego thing not very big at all oh and you can break them up
1434. of her tiles that she was playing with so you could complete your pattern do you remember? mm and they were bigger tiles they were about this big yeah right get on with it there were some at school you you've got them at school? yeah oh do you ever get to use them? er no that's a that's an air pocket that's a hole get on my goodness
1435. so you could complete your pattern do you remember? mm and they were bigger tiles they were about this big yeah right get on with it there were some at school you you've got them at school? yeah oh do you ever get to use them? er no that's a that's an air pocket that's a hole get on my goodness me you're g not gonna have
1438. french and german when you go when you travel? i don't the thing is i've only been to germany on at an airport hamburg i think i went i've been on to school trips as a teacher uh - huh i went to dijon in paris and so and i went with my mate to paris and although he's got better qualifications than me he couldn't speak any
1439. ? well i'd put over fifty whatever you like and so did you speak norwegian at home? when you were growing up? no no no no no cos i did french and german at school mm and it was my dad working class and all his family he's one of seventeen mm hm blimey great at christmas presents ooh great christmas and it must eat up most of your salary
1457. washing do his ironing load the dishwasher yeah do the housework open the door see to some people if they come in and then at half eleven i finish there and then i do the school job then the dinner lady so a supervisor's assistant and then on a wednesday and a friday i work in a furniture shop for and i lock up there in my lunch and go into the school so
1459. it? if you haven't got money you can't spend it so no he's trying to do your maths aren't you? because he's got a letter from school so he's got to study a bit more now itit's a busy year now isn't it and he doesn't play for wales no more oh how come? we couldn '
1462. movie night? mm and like do that what do you think? yeah why not? good idea she was down about it again on boxing day was she down? she was a bit i asked at school and she said they had a lovely day she said and nanny and her grandad came yes said and they don't normally both come but they did mm and then it was obviously mummy and the three
1466. it so that was an option and there was hockey was an option there was this orienteering that they did in the park there was options erm and then on before they'd gone back to school after christmas oh it was the monday the inset day i had a er an email from mr saying oh cos we had to record doing tennis shots he had to be recorded with all the different strokes
1467. i said that's ridiculous anybody could go and stand on the edge of a tennis court and watch can't they? yeah that's yeah you know he's a teacher at high school but any but anybody could yeah anyway but you know i s it's ridiculous er er perhaps because the because he's there on an official maybe status maybe if if the question was asked it may
1468. give them a slap mis mr can i introduce discipline? yeah speak to your head teacher about this mm this is what you do when they don't behave oh dear oh so has gone off to school this week in his black jeans on the basis that there's a new head of sixth form who won't mind really? er er yes and has he been caught out yet? not yet no
1470. town and walk to there mm so that's not a hassle so no that's always the issue isn't it? from here yeah how do you get to these places without a school bus? yeah but she can oh i didn't know it was that bad oh god yeah she's she's been moved to have you seen at all? have you had a chance?
1473. yes and there's hockey he's getting his fitness and he said well actually in fact i don't know whether mentioned it to you he came down the first day they were back to school and said oh mum me and have got a plan i said what's that? he said we're gonna erm open a gym in our garage and charge people i said i don't
1474. then i don't think he wasn't particularly going at the same time as anyway cos would no get off the bus and go straight there wouldn't he? and go straight from school where would erm cos well because we had to be off for tennis and stuff won't be able to do will he? no erm yeah would more come home and come home and then
1475. he had that thing with his locker didn't he? that time yes he did so maybe he just thinks yeah i'd rather get everything yeah home maybe i mean lost his gym kit in school did he? in the sixth form he put it down i mean it was only shorts and a t - shirt but it was a nice t - shirt an adidas one and the shorts were tennis shorts
1476. he hadn't so he'd lost he'd lost some kit for the gym fortunately his trainers weren't in there cos they were on his feet yeah because he was did his school shoes go missing? he was wearing them as school shoes oh yes yes those black trainer yes yes those black trainers so he doesn't need to breaking the rules to carry those but anyway so he '
1477. ' d lost some kit for the gym fortunately his trainers weren't in there cos they were on his feet yeah because he was did his school shoes go missing? he was wearing them as school shoes oh yes yes those black trainer yes yes those black trainers so he doesn't need to breaking the rules to carry those but anyway so he's cancelled that but he wants to do i dunn
1480. that's good yeah i'm happy with that yeah what footwear are you gonna have? er i'm not sure i'm thinking of mm putting lots of polish on my old school shoes cos they're the most alice in wonderland oh that's true yeah you could do yeah yeah i've got like double pockets yeah you have indeed i think it looks really good i
1481. enough well i to do what he'll stop doing what she tells him to do i don't i don't it's gonna be long no like i say give him till secondary school wait until he starts mixing with some more older children and that get out of that is that what it's called the school? that's where he's at the moment yeah he wants to
1483. tangled up with something like that i don't know the only thing i've had good from her is yeah and he knows now yeah getting big he's in the last year of primary school this year september yeah crikey one more year he's at secondary school makes me feel old he's the first one that i really remember being a baby like i don't mm co
1484. ve had good from her is yeah and he knows now yeah getting big he's in the last year of primary school this year september yeah crikey one more year he's at secondary school makes me feel old he's the first one that i really remember being a baby like i don't mm cos i'm the youngest haven't got any ol younger brothers or sisters
1485. were all dressed in their wedding gear and but she was up there talking to people in their wedding gear yeah she was very in my face i think she's just like one of those children at school who all get your attention you know in some way or another what by wearing funny clothes? no just by being entirely irritating the whole time they all get your attention i'm like i haven't
1486. yes but i mean for us for us it's much dif i mean at sch at s i suppose you're right it's about ten years isn't it? at school our eng our english girls didn't kiss each other did they? i don't know did they do that now? well they do cuddle now yeah i think they do hug don't
1488. that lovely tall young man or woman? and they say hi i keep bump i keep bumping into them cos in the hairdressers in this girl in there she'd been to school as soon as she said her name i recognised the name their faces change though don't they when they're adults? yeah quite what's doing now then? he's erm living
1493. wet yeah wet bulb thermometer a dry thermometer that's right yeah wind direction yeah er mm out in the the pressure you know air pressure we even had one when we went to school camp we had had to do the weather they had one out at er mm and we had to do one there as well yeah all the wea the different weather at at the mm coast and the weather
1495. know like people used to say oh you i'm tired just watching you that's right yeah it is like you think well isn't all that energy yeah honestly you watch yeah going to school er wh when they're little and there's not one of them walking if they can help it they're skipping along that's right yeah and here and yeah mm you know?
1498. is a bit erm he's a bit apparently i don't know him really he's a bit heated is he? well apparently so says mm i know he when they were at school once he went mental at because erm oh why? well cos there was some you know how strict they were with when she was at school? oh yeah and she used to lie telling them she
1499. so says mm i know he when they were at school once he went mental at because erm oh why? well cos there was some you know how strict they were with when she was at school? oh yeah and she used to lie telling them she was places where she wasn't cos she wasn't ever allowed to go anywhere and erm er they there was some beach party or
1500. then they won't get the marks they won't do it and one of these boys he's trying to get into this international baccalaureate class oh yeah cool he's in class at school and whereas's in upper intermediate which is about right for fifteen yeah he did fce last year and got an a i think wow and he's in cae and he's fifteen so
1501. really horrible but yeah there's no harm there there's no harm no it won't do them any harm it's character building one day i'm gonna work in a boarding school and then shit's gonna go down erm oh she's says she says i'm still a little weak and i've said to that i'm not sure how long i '
1502. mo be motivated by joy that's true see joy or fear choose the joy man yes yeah spain first though get my spanish get well learn to speak spanish cool and one of the chinese teacher at school wants english lessons right so with me i think er and i want spanish lessons from the spanish teacher so it's like money sort of going everywhere so does the spanish teacher want to learn chinese? that
1503. up with the idea that evolution isn't real that it's not that it's made up there's so much evidence for evolution i was actually i was actually i think maybe during school one of my teachers or my teacher was a weird fucking psycho who fed us conspiracy theories about nine eleven man no way in french lessons didn't miss do what? didn't miss do that was
1509. to handle children though she was very good wasn't she? yeah she knew how to handle children yeah yes i thought she was good oh that's nice of course she used to take sunday school till her younger days oh yes that's right yes so it was well i suppose with five children yeah well there were five anyhow but in her young days she used to take oh the afternoon ones
1511. ve been a full time job goodness me yes yes oh yes that's right and she was good at managing children she had oh yes she was yes very good well mm i suppose being a sunday school teacher she'd always have to mm and course she was really popular yes cos she was doing a lot of they used to organise s concerts oh right grandma used to play in some of those er
1512. s concerts oh right grandma used to play in some of those er what else did she do there? well oh she used to take youngsters out cycling that sort of stuff mm after you know sunday school oh that's nice how lovely sunday schools yeah mm and i used to see her when i used to come home from on leave like that's the time oh right okay that's nice yes
1513. then you will it's how it works saw it on telly the other day oh did you? so documentary? yeah so i don't drink that much water when i'm at school because it's not i i don't have time to go oh why not? because i've got lessons yeah surely you can hold it for a lesson somehow yeah no but then you don
1516. six months like a year bef a year before when i saw him and he was like more or less holding his own in the conversation yeah who's this? just a guy we went to school with oh right erm those early years came back to me the other day cos i read an article on wales online about the pubs closing in yeah but i can't quite remember what the the
1517. in they've done as classic bosses thing right? they wanted to close a great place er it's the er by oh no er but erm er it's it's a school day centre they do some fantastic work with people they they make films they do rock they have rock bands they do gardening it's really good isn't it? they opened their own community cafe which
1522. yeah? and then she went down to where she was going on thursday on the train and she's staying there till monday cos they don't go back to work until next weekend private school on on the holidays oh yeah wow on holiday erm which is she's a nice person but finds i think finds me sometimes irritating is that what she told you? oh i just get this impression
1524. ' t it? oh yeah or try and just hack on to people's and look at what pictures they'd got i remember yeah infrared used to be quite popular when i was at high school yeah mm like you used to send videos and pics and stuff via infrared and stuff that was really weird that yeah i used to em i print off a lot of pictures on my phone and if you
1528. was like limping like well if you've got a bad ankle you should probably wear good shoes yeah so i had to go into clarks and buy a pair of school shoes like proper leather school shoes that cost me forty - five pounds which is erm so i had to er pay with my santander student account with my overdraft nearly crying as i typed typed it in oh i went
1529. clean at work you're messy at home or if you're clean at home you're messy at work i don't think this applies i'm clean everywhere er a pre - school teacher so reception year one i i i like to keep my uni room clean i guess cos there's more people who are potentially going to be coming into my room so seeing seeing it i
1530. n i c h i don't really talk to them anymore cos they're a bit they're like the typical bitchy girls that i wouldn't have really hung out at school and i was like why am i hanging out with them now? so my dad's back so he was like how is it going? i'm back and i was like how was mumum
1532. skirts and shoes and w amazing yeah this is with adults god taking them and mm funnily enough you the weather changes up there so quickly mm these things happen yeah when i think back to my school days and the field trips they were pretty dangerous yeah to think about it we grew up in essex i don't think our teachers knew what a hill was and they'd almost sort of encourage you
1535. exciting rounders bit er out of season for rounders yeah that's what i thought i um it's out of season oh i got kicked out of rounder er brownies and sunday school as it happens i don't er i don't doubt it for a moment were you trying to persuade the other kids that jesus didn't exist? yeah i was telling them there was no
1536. kicked you out? yeah er basically my mum came to pick me up after about week four mm um cos i also wasn't very happy that i'd not been picked to be sunday school queen you know that gets to go on the float at the beginning of spring fayre or whatever it is oh i've no idea you obviously had some sort of special sunday school yeah apparently n near
1537. to be sunday school queen you know that gets to go on the float at the beginning of spring fayre or whatever it is oh i've no idea you obviously had some sort of special sunday school yeah apparently n near the springtime may may queen may queen? fine either way yeah got to do it and i did not aw and so and you were very upset? yeah i wasn't very
1539. your really really wit er witty and interesting message yeah but no my favourites were um one one was really nice um er where did that? this one don't look old enough to be out of school ah no he doesn't he looks like i had to even reply does he look that young? aw um to be fair need a good shag charming yeah but you look less like the type that
1542. music do you like? i don't know what do you mean you don't know? come on but if you did know who would you like? who's your favourite teacher at school? erm i don't know just just say someone why don't you like? she gives me too much homework right good next like opinion well done yeah i can deal with that it doesn
1544. the song where it's like what is it so so she ge i don't know so she has breakfast and then she gets into a car and she meets her friends and she goes to school and it's sort of banal i have no idea all i know is friday friday all you know is the ten hour you should have watched the though i didn't watch it for ten hours
1545. few weeks no it isn't you need erm come on you need to calm down so swiss roll is coming tonight what so we're gonna play the harry potter game after sure erm school tomorrow yay are you guys really tired? it's been it's been hard to no adjust to school i'm not i'm not tired at all well is definitely tired mm but
1547. a r carbonara or car - banana but that's italian or car - banana sounds like car - banana it does a a car made out of a giant banana so you erm got to school alright this morning? did you have to get up very early? i was awake before were you? were you yeah? i went up quite early and mm i fell to sleep in bed mm always wakes
1548. that was nice oh lovely yeah yeah he's too little really to do anything else he made me a card at playgroup but that's about all yeah had made some funny crafts at her school which she was really thrilled with but then she em she gave them to me on friday after school and she got so excited that she was opening them to show me so she completely missed the point of the
1549. me a card at playgroup but that's about all yeah had made some funny crafts at her school which she was really thrilled with but then she em she gave them to me on friday after school and she got so excited that she was opening them to show me so she completely missed the point of the gift was for sunday which school is that? it's the one in in oh right yeah
1552. they're interested in numbers and letters then they'll let them have a go whereas i think the other preschool in the village tries not to do the stuff that they'll be doing in school yeah that sounds good i kind of put him on the waiting list for that lode one and maybe you know i mean you know hopefully by the time he's old enough to go i should be
1555. because when we got out of the car she'd lost her bracelet she was wearing a little pink you know silly little jewellery thing and she just went mad completely mad and i had to actually call school to say i may not be in on time because she ran up the road and you know i had to go chasing after her i've got the one year old in the car and the school bags
1562. ? mm well there's i just find that it's a bit irregular because the thing is er you depend on people who come from other countries mm mm and if they're for example school aged students then you have to wait till they have like a holiday or something like that you know a break from third term oh i see mm mm and then so you know some sometimes er sometimes it '
1563. you know a break from third term oh i see mm mm and then so you know some sometimes er sometimes it's really busy like i remember when i lived in sussex and worked in a language school em summer was really busy easter was quite busy then in winter there was nothing and so and actually when you have children that's not what you want you want it to be busy in term time don
1567. be really really really busy and we don't want that do we? we'll need to go shopping and buy some things then oh well they do they do mother's day secrets at school don't they? do you remember? yeah yeah but like things for the biscuits and stuff oh okay well that yeah we can do that and jelly and jelly moulds so your plan is to
1568. you must be able to get washing up gloves for children i've noticed that your brownies thing says you should do a good deed every day mm yeah i will like when i get back to school i'm gonna tidy my bedroom well yes except you should've done that at the beginning of half - term well yes that sort of thing why did i go into the freezer? it '
1574. be honest cos i suppose while's there sh pays her rent cos was saying oh you know i um i'm gonna get this new job basically it's just like an after school club cos she works at the school so she'd get more hours yeah um and she was like oh so i can earn a bit more money cos i'm absolutely skint all the
1577. on it tonight when you're in bed was saying when she was a kid she used to suck on her hair lot of kids do do they? m i i know girls when i was at school who used to do that mm suck on your hair my ex used to work in a hospital worked in theatre he was like an anaesthetist and um once had a young girl come in eleven or
1578. to do it in ten minutes i don't know now we're gonna learn to hate him i already do hate him with his moustache did you ever have that french vhs tape at school? moustache the cat? and he used to speak french i used to watch it moustache wow he was a little french cat aww yes i think i think you um have missed out
1579. about a billion years mm stop being so mean so have you got a legend? erm i think i did a while ago but then i've forgotten it i'll think of one at school if i have the time mm hm well i thought that was amazing mm so i want to pop later mm i do have a legend to oh go on then it's a star wars legend mm so
1580. we gave that away to er domination of religion which is controlled spiritual philosophy and counselling i think we gave away to it was robbed from us it was we were we're not taught it in school we should be taught it in school i think yeah we should be taught how to counsel each other do you think kids could handle it though? yes i think they're the they know it's
1581. of religion which is controlled spiritual philosophy and counselling i think we gave away to it was robbed from us it was we were we're not taught it in school we should be taught it in school i think yeah we should be taught how to counsel each other do you think kids could handle it though? yes i think they're the they know it's they know it's the right
1582. teaching english as a foreign language it wouldn't be efl or esl no it's a no that's what i meant it wouldn't be like we had english lessons at school wouldn't it wouldn't be that type of english oh right i'm with you yeah yeah yeah can you remember what we did at school in the english lessons? well i was good i
1583. ' t be like we had english lessons at school wouldn't it wouldn't be that type of english oh right i'm with you yeah yeah yeah can you remember what we did at school in the english lessons? well i was good i got my english language literature o'levels yeah got those so did i so did i but i can't remember i can remember the the books we
1585. i still haven't hit anybody or been hit yes i don't many people can say that a lot of it is cowardice i used to dread going cos of th going home from school sometimes and you'd see some kids you thought might be trouble and try and avavoid them yeah still i think it is an amazing record yeah especially when in my adult life i was for what
1586. all the time he's just annoying and then somehow that tips into oh i quite fancy him actually so that's that'll that'll be what happens when you guys are in secondary school i cannot wait until fan fancies w i don't think it'll ever happen i mean yeah as i say there are so there are people that just don't like each other like and
1588. ##s loads of like amazing looking juggling balls and he's like these aren't sad and then he's amazed and practice with doing like all the time he can get uhu at school when he's supposed to be reading toilet he did try to do i he did he tried once to do while washing his hands but all but he realised that his hands needed to be a bit dry
1590. quite a lot of eyeliner yeah and then changed yeah she changed yeah i just i just can't i don't really it's very awkward one time when you weren't at school she came and sat next to me in french and was sitting in the seat sort of so it was our like you know our little front table? and then the yeah table in the corner? it was
1591. he wouldn't go after that you see mm no i wouldn't go again well you go nowadays and there are all these yeah i go now yeah all these young people straight out of dental school mm yeah you know keen yeah got all the latest equipment yeah well we went well we we'ren't that keen on the one we got were we? not er the one but we went to
1595. i probably started getting them at about seven or eight i think i'm remembering it wrong then cos that sounds young doesn't it? hmm maybe maybe it was when i was at secondary school but i just remember feeling very young hmm isn't it? i can't remember i thought it was when i was in primary school cos i remember in year six mum was gonna pay for
1596. ? hmm maybe maybe it was when i was at secondary school but i just remember feeling very young hmm isn't it? i can't remember i thought it was when i was in primary school cos i remember in year six mum was gonna pay for me to have all my teeth painted like coated oh yeah which might be the same type of thing hmm hmm all of them and he said we
1598. to have time off then? beginning of october? too right i am it's september's a bit dodgy september's the dodgy month but beginning of october and to avoid the school holidays in october as well oh absolutely so just get it cheaper but sort of like southern spain something like that mm somewhere hot somewhere hot and and cheap really and for that time of year of course well co
1599. s the schools as well the ones in town are good you can register and as your kids we'll just pretend they're mi they live with us travel for an hour to get them to school send them to school for an hour that's what mum did that is the o the other thing which is less of a big thing i i wanted to be able to drive to you or you to
1600. well the ones in town are good you can register and as your kids we'll just pretend they're mi they live with us travel for an hour to get them to school send them to school for an hour that's what mum did that is the o the other thing which is less of a big thing i i wanted to be able to drive to you or you to me but also of
1601. and stop doing it now hard though isn't it? yeah you just have to sleep where you how you sleep don't you? mm mm so you haven't had a text from school saying needs his proper nana no i haven't taken it out of the washing machine oh no it's going to be wet nana it's saying that and are cute friends at the moment yeah
1602. so he recognizes his names already pick it and go and stick in on the board put it on the door yeah it's quite advanced isn't it? mm mm by the time he starts school he'll be so ready mm and now you know miss who taught in reception mm is er nursery instead of reception mm so i think it's cos they want to start the learning when their
1604. it why? i know well it's my day with him isn't it? and before i know it he'll be at school before you know it you might not make it to school you'll be so exhausted i know i mean are you all finished here? was everything okay for you? it was delicious thank you thank you would you like the dessert and coffee menu? yes please
1605. doing this and mhm absolutely she always did need a lot of sleep though didn't she? yeah i mean as a kid you did but even up to her teenage years when she was at school and college and whatever she still needed about ten hours sleep a night mm and people used to joke about it yeah but as we've said before she's not very good at putting on a front
1606. found that and it's probably felt like that ever since but as you say i mean this is somebody who i didn't really like academic work when when you when you had a project from school even if it was something that you enjoyed it was like oh it's too hard oh it's too much work oh no i oh it's just too much yeah complete opposite to in that
1608. few times with like when came over a few times we sat in the garden but i don't know maybe weird weird although i met one of the girls in my team at work she went to school really? yeah cos we were talking she said she was going home for the weekend she was in i was like oh i live near kinda you know mm near she goes oh yeah i went to i
1611. but we weren't really getting pissed like and we were sat at the top of the field and so we were facing this way and on your right - hand side is a school like a primary school that i used to go to everyone in the village went to and then on your left is erm a separate field with a fence so you're in this field there's trees at the top
1613. sets in and she just got used to drinking during the day mm right now i never saw her drinking during the day but my friend who is a really good friend well we all used to go to school together it was's mum who died but who i know and she went out there to spend some time on a family holiday and erm she yeah she did make a few comments and was like right
1614. girls are quite big girls right which is weird but they but they don't seem to have that kind of issue then well thank god for that then because some do no no they i think at school they did as a as i mean they're not adult i don't class them as adult adults but they're sort of like not in the the teenage thing but no they good they no
1616. confused actually cos when when i walked up there i thought i could cut through the and walk round the back way but of course that's the way i used to go when i went to school there right and you go through the school and go round the back of the sixth form and end up in the fields where we used to do cross country right but of course that's the way i
1618. the school and go round the back of the sixth form and end up in the fields where we used to do cross country right but of course that's the way i went when i went to school so i walked up there and i was like i can't get through that footpath anymore because you have to bas i think it is a public footpath but you have to walk through the school
1621. through what the last two years and it just seemed to be nonstop revisrevision and then i know and now i've got another five years yes and then you thought you know okay finish school finish revising for all those exams and you literally have just finished your second term yeah and you you're already going into a another exam it's the middle of year it's the middle
1622. through in your a levels yeah no but even yeah other people oh oh there's like it's weird because there was a big sort of competition between when you are at you're at school people going you've got to get these gcses because yeah they stay with you for the rest of your llife yeah they are super important and then once like once you are out people will
1626. yeah yeah got kicked out he he got what? he got kicked out he got kicked out? oh yeah because he was he he just wasn't because he got suspended did he? oh from school yeah yeah and then i think i don't know if left or got kicked out but she's not there any more right so natural wastage there then yeah so it kind of came round in
1628. i actually think it's quite important perhaps to have teachers and it's a very responsible position being a teacher that weren't necessarily good students i wasn't a very good student at school so i can look at those people and say you know what? when i was in your position i didn't wanna be here either mm so i understand where you're coming from and i can
1631. of girls weren't there? were there many boys in the end? there was yeah there was about five or six or so have you eaten? lovely house though they had a teacher from my school was there as well her children were there oh that's nice yeah oh oh that was cool wasn't it? did you try it on the window? stick it right at the top oh can
1634. the sweet like somali ladies was saying to me you know cos she's known me as a teacher i used to teach her son mm and er he's now moved on to his secondary school and she was saying you know erm and what are you doing? i said oh just the display at least it's a job oh so sweet so sweet i thought i'm not going to
1636. for infants mm yes tell ttell tell us only for infants is it it's not going to be for juniors? it's reception reception year one and year two mm so everybody gets free school meals? yeah and who cooks it? well it's where it's normally cooked just keep talking but i'll be back mm well in just one second our our meals are cooked at primary
1638. have and what's in the lunchbox? they're gonna have sandwiches from home sandwiches and cos we've rubbish food crisps and things we've talked an awful lot at school about having healthy healthy lunchboxes mm masses and masses i'd like to do that again and start with the start write you know i think i think the mmoney start for all these billions that
1640. or perhaps a student peanut butter on toast but we used to eat far that's good we used to eat a lot of carbohydrates because we used to have cooked puddings at school mm and at home but we used to do a lot of sport erm cakes and exercising and and walking biscuits that's right we were busy weren't we? mm mm we didn't
1641. i recognised that one mm yeah they had that on the telly didn't they? and all the beautiful woods along the escarpment mm and then down to mm and was absolutely packed every school you passed i cannot believe i didn't do the village school there were loads of kids outside went to the memoria you know the war memorial oh did it gets packed with people there it wasn '
1645. she's a very i think i actually could have been a fantastic entertainer you know i i think i could have been a dancer well i was and a singer i was totally put off sport at school i was quite good at skating and balancing oh dear i think that's so funny but you never rode a bicycle? i did have a bike i used to ride my my bike but i mean young
1646. can go quite soon mm mm i'm already in training i started in i didn't know i was so did you tell them it's going to nepal but did you tell them at school that you'll be there then or is it? yes that would be good erm no i haven't told them anything like that do you want some more wine or do you want a coffee
1647. i know she's agreed to go to japan sometime so i mm i well there are other exciting places for her to go erm nearer than the uk mm cos her children learn japanese in school as their second language do they? yes they should be learning chinese but has has carried on with that? japanese? i think they have to in oh good but they don't they only learn to
1648. album touch me d'you know what it's touch me in the morning that one last thing at night d'you know it? no um it's from like when i was at school right um so it reminds us of like going to like chambers it's this nightclub in sunderland right like they just actively encouraged underaged people to go in cos obviously anyone who could get in anywhere
1650. t even emptied the dishwasher that's alright all the crocks are still on the side from what we accumulated last night maybe somebody else will do it for you when they get in from school probably will will he? mm he probably will bless him how lovely yeah yeah my children wouldn't without asking yeah he has in fact there's he has done it a little pile of erm
1651. of erm dirty pe kit on the floor in my kitchen mm that i'm refusing to move today oh that's just been left there? cos i was upstairs when they left for school this morning and they shout bye off they went and when i came down i thought blinking boy he's emptied obviously he doesn't need it today this is there's a trainer just all screwed
1652. homes there so that you know and the and but week that it is at the end of july so our last week of term but obviously everybody that owns holiday homes there all their kids are at private school so they'd all be finished so they'll be there they'd be there that's what i was gonna say if there's no children there it's pointless but no they
1653. s quite a lot isn't it? it's a lot of money isn't it? how many sessions would he need? i don't know do they do they do after school or revision sessions for biology? well i think i'm gonna phone up and speak to them and just say because most of's subjects you know well i most of them offer these sessions he had
1656. and then they don't she said i don't feel like i've learnt anything in maths since i went back september oh really? and i said we're halfway through a school year why haven't you told me this before? so i've asked her to write me some little notes though has has there been a parents'evening yet for year and i'm gonna
1658. he said she she's o she said she's always off but they don't they don't seem to replace her they just miss those lessons mm i mean i know the after school ones he keeps getting promised these after school booster sessions or revision sessions or whatever they're calling them and if they get cancelled well you you that's a bit of a grey area isn't
1661. oh yeah i know want to learn because yeah it's a joke quite frankly i think mm an absolute joke it's it's and then we wonder how so many kids come out of school without basic english and maths i know well it's not hard to gather because so easily for them to just slip through yeah the the it's just shoddy the erm i mean the
1663. s more the lessons isn't it? oh and told a teacher to f off the next day no yeah when we were at's tuesday night was it wednesday? oh no she went into school and this teacher that she was saying she's got this sort of personality clash with but i don't think she's on her own i think there are oh yes yes other children did mention
1664. ##m will have received a phone call yes she's right tell so that's just i've been on the end of that the very next day oh no after she refused to go to school but said she did say on the bus oh i'm a bit worried about going home what on the way home? oh did she? uhu i wonder what but you know that time when she
1666. and come to me to me yeah he's only in year there's another five page of like yeah whatever he should have been on top of that but oh no all the way through primary school has been a problem oh well yeah i know that mm i know that he's been a bit of a handful hasn't he? yeah but oh my goodness i know the two of them that
1668. like i was a naughty school child i er well there's the problem there is the problem why? that child's got all the power in the house why would you feel like a naughty school child? that girl's been naughty bang out of order so she should be punished she should be al she should be made to stay at home but yeah should you know mum can go out should still
1670. more of an impact mm bit of er don't mine actually i mean i know i i i am mean to them but i don't think either of them have ever actually had an after school detention no nor have mine they had lunchtime ones break ones you know yeah but they haven't actually had to go i think had one once for something i think she forgot a book or something mm
1671. and it's still in my room today it went along the lines of i'm not saying you should bring it in or anything but but if you get a c if i get an after school detention that's why so i just went okay and he came back with a don't you okay me mum so i just went okay thought i'm not ta i thought oh i thought if
1672. i just went okay and he came back with a don't you okay me mum so i just went okay thought i'm not ta i thought oh i thought if he gets yeah an after school detention i have to go and pick him up and if i take his homework in it's a trip to school so either way yeah i don't win so i just left it yeah he didn
1673. i'm not ta i thought oh i thought if he gets yeah an after school detention i have to go and pick him up and if i take his homework in it's a trip to school so either way yeah i don't win so i just left it yeah he didn't get a detention detention he just no he talks his way out of them doesn't he? oh yeah
1674. i know but it's march can you? this year? no it's scary isn't it? uhu it's flying past flying i was thinking like they go back to school we're in april well after they've gone i mean after easter they finish don't they a week today? after easter that that's the last term already of the year yeah that
1675. back? i said no i'll tell them that you're going tell them in advance i said you know you're not allowed to you're not allowed to take you out of school so we can't go anywhere no at easter for the next few years cos of exams you know whitsun i said that no i said no i'll happily say and that's
1676. be alright an anyway he may have quit by then he tells me he's quitting every day still had enough mum gonna quit he said it again this morning oh i'm just gonna quit school mum i'm just not gonna go i'm not gonna go is doing okay? erm excuse me as far as i know do you see much of him? i think so does he come
1677. it er if she want me to please so she met sent this message then i text myself please let me how old are the kids? they're lovely kids erm came up to me at school today and he said i'll see you tonight i said tomorrow night's told me i've got to be very strict oh really? so that they don't prefer me to her she
1678. in the future it's all well i mean type based er yeah oh it is it's all type based it's this is only the only time they write isn't it at school? mm and i mean he he can't spell either er all the time i hear him talking to his phone because you know if he's typing yeah and he can't type a word
1679. s like you know's son yeah he doesn't write anything at all by hand cos has a compu him and he is very dyslexic he has a computer at school and mm he's got i think he's got voice recognition software he's got all he's got he's got all sorts of help but he doesn't write anything so
1687. called alzheimer's dot org dot uk so i trust it because it's got org in it so that's dot uk yeah yeah er that that's what we were taught in primary school if it's got org in it it's a trustworthy website erm right so i i think so basically it says that there have been some claims that coconut oil could be used as a
1688. don't know if they're not dead maybe they're just old now and then you could go back in the past and speak to them but it could be somebody that you went to school with maybe there's no one in particular that i went to school with either that i would speak to not that i don't still speak to now well yeah i'm exactly the same i
1689. just old now and then you could go back in the past and speak to them but it could be somebody that you went to school with maybe there's no one in particular that i went to school with either that i would speak to not that i don't still speak to now well yeah i'm exactly the same i kind of think i have there is no one particular person that i would
1691. ' t know whether that we'd make it or not oh is he going to as well? yeah who's got now then? oh he's at s no he's at school oh was picking him up oh she'll drop him off tonight she'll drop him off this evening after his dinner yeah with his case of clothes for the week oh yeah because he's with
1692. got a little bit of a gob on her she likes to spin tales yeah speckles of truth you never quite know what is she phoned me up can you come and take him to school for me? think i've got got the gasman coming something wrong with the boiler there weren't no gasman round there she was still in bloody bed let himself out the door into my
1693. interested that you quite you know you think that there might be a use for having a whip do you think you would educate them? yes but what does educate mean? well would you send them to school? yeah would you teach them? let them learn how to read and write? yeah yeah cos well they didn't they didn't bother mm mummy in those days if it didn't
1697. did it in school do you mean they were still speaking latin? well so it was a punishment if you needed and you would get a punishment if you spoke it but really? you learned english in school hang on a min hang on a minute what are you? what piece are you looking for? erm another one like this yes but it was but it wasn't good if you used it you
1700. time you have got that part part right by the way being dark and scary and irritating but that's the thing really they don't ah they don't they're not really at school in the next film no they're not so all of that kind of fun stuff is not there at all any more which is a shame have you put the satellite in in your little building? yeah
1707. i can't remember you're add event calendar they've got a big erm catalogue with everything that you can buy in there wow it's big so they sent their children to school one of them carrying a t a toaster one of them carrying a kettle saying that they were an ar an argos catalogue page four hundred and thirty - six and page four hundred and twenty - two
1708. dad's going to move away oh really? so they can't see each other but then emily says ev we'll see each other every day cos then emily's going to school with her oh she's going to school now? yeah is she? yeah i didn't know that why's she going to go to s is she going to go away then? yeah
1709. ? so they can't see each other but then emily says ev we'll see each other every day cos then emily's going to school with her oh she's going to school now? yeah is she? yeah i didn't know that why's she going to go to s is she going to go away then? yeah from her home is she happy? she '
1710. ll be doing a bath what maths games? you can do maths games later now don't forget tomorrow maths games on the computer tomorrow you're going to's house after school you're having round to play big? big yeah are you looking forward to that? big? you know brownies oh cos big's the in my class have you got an in your
1711. ##ability bikeability's so you can cycle erm home can't you? although you have with you yeah you'll have to check with mr if you are to leave your bike at school yeah i'll take cos otherwise it's gonna be a right pain to remember that every thursday evening to bring it into school can i ride my bike with you? with me? yeah like
1713. the way yes but not tomorrow not tomorrow but yes you can start if starts riding her bike properly then yes we can all start without stabilisers? yeah we can all start riding our bikes to school maybe on monday for example i like balanceability i'm getting better good i'm glad it's having an effect i think i'll put my bike on sixth gear so you can easily
1714. hour aren't they? really? we're the only two america i think america and england are miles the correct way pardon? the correct way i remember when i was ten or eleven at school them saying we'd changed from imperial to metric there wouldn't be any more miles or pounds or ounces what that's what they predicted? yeah well we've not got pounds and
1716. ' m not happy when bob who's come from romania with i don't think dad no high school degree and a you know it's well not fair up from romania without a high school degree is working in the fields that no english will do the job they're not it's not true dad look down road it's full of hungarians who are not working not working i gen
1718. t speak the language well well there's a group been set up hasn't there next to children's centre where they're supposed to go and learn the basics before they go to school but still even if a child who knows the basics that teacher's gonna have to spend more time with those children you know getting them to understand and teaching them and then the other children are miss out
1720. the music on no but i mean i've got so he's up to here is he? he is on me he is on yeah yeah how old is he? he's at school he'll be eight this month eight he's in a four and a half shoe so his feet are bigger than mine oh yeah i mean's a five so that's yeah so that
1721. granddad gets a bit upset about it though no you need to start a i was just bored yeah no you need another buddy don't you dad? you picked you did pick him up from school last week though didn't you? yeah yeah did he mind that? oh yeah he loves that yeah his granddad outside yeah so what's doing with? labouring same as what is doing
1722. eyes yeah i'm just saying do you know much about it anyway whether you believe in it or not? mm mm not really no? no do you have any friends? like is anybody at school a muslim? yeah who's who's a muslim at your school? ah forget his name but i can't remember his name actually but yeah eh his name will come back to me yeah
1730. ve given they still let a lot of private schools get away with being quite elitist right and you still got and in the uk now you've got well and then the school i well the school i went to i maintain i didn't have a secondary education really? it was it was a church school that that my parents paid for i mean we didn't do we didn't do
1732. mean we didn't do we didn't do anything and they paid for it? yeah yeah i mean cos i suppose my parents sort of thought oh we'll send them to private school that would be good for them ooh but my brother my brother was a pain in the ass and an asshole and a trouble maker so they didn't want him going to the local comprehensive school because
1733. school that would be good for them ooh but my brother my brother was a pain in the ass and an asshole and a trouble maker so they didn't want him going to the local comprehensive school because he was a a tearaway yeah so he they sent him into a school in and and because because you know i suppose he was my older brother and i wanted to go to in the same school
1734. pain in the ass and an asshole and a trouble maker so they didn't want him going to the local comprehensive school because he was a a tearaway yeah so he they sent him into a school in and and because because you know i suppose he was my older brother and i wanted to go to in the same school as he did so they sent me there but it was it was absolutely crap we
1739. s daughter is going some kids are really quite poor you know she was saying we need to go and do some voluntary work hmm because um to provide breakfast and lunch for these kids hmm get them in school uh hmm but they have like a huge gap between the elite schools which are like you know have a dash of or whatever and then you have the opposite extreme it's an even bigger gap in those
1740. when they're emphasising that oh really the combination ah right i think they realised that's its yeah so we say we sell fish and chips fish and chips all all our sports teachers at school in london were itinerant australians and kiwis they came to london for a couple of years and then went went back in they're mad on outside things aren't they? we had
1741. was very much then that i was the one trying to be strong and brave and er you know and obviously the way things were then when i was seven i was coming home letting the kids in from school and bringing my getting my sister from round the corner or all that sort of stuff and then we moved when i was eight to and then er again i was bringing them home from school making some tea doing
1742. kids in from school and bringing my getting my sister from round the corner or all that sort of stuff and then we moved when i was eight to and then er again i was bringing them home from school making some tea doing making sure they did this and that make sure so where was your mum? she was working she'd be working? yeah you'd be like literally yeah yeah so er doing
1743. like the f the first week or so but er well after that yeah yeah if i tell you what if it goes quiet yeah and erm and i've got at cos's at school now anyway yeah so that's him sorted mm if i've not got mm and erm he's and it's quiet during the day yeah i'll text you like a few
1752. other areas when erm he didn't understand what the r what the references were to mm so he felt he'd missed out in that way although he did go to a church of england school and there was some discussion about religion there there obviously wasn't it didn't make up for him not attending church or sunday school so he felt he'd missed out in that way well i
1753. in that way although he did go to a church of england school and there was some discussion about religion there there obviously wasn't it didn't make up for him not attending church or sunday school so he felt he'd missed out in that way well i can't ever remember being too much religion pumped into us in my day well that's because you didn't go to t
1754. i can't ever remember being too much religion pumped into us in my day well that's because you didn't go to t that's b you di you i did go to school you didn't go to sunday school when your father sent you that's why oh well i mean that's that's different i mean that it wasn't in school hours was it
1755. much religion pumped into us in my day well that's because you didn't go to t that's b you di you i did go to school you didn't go to sunday school when your father sent you that's why oh well i mean that's that's different i mean that it wasn't in school hours was it? mm that's different i didn
1756. go to school you didn't go to sunday school when your father sent you that's why oh well i mean that's that's different i mean that it wasn't in school hours was it? mm that's different i didn't prefer to go to that but there wasn't much religion taught at school there was some religion taught at school but there wasn't
1757. ' s different i mean that it wasn't in school hours was it? mm that's different i didn't prefer to go to that but there wasn't much religion taught at school there was some religion taught at school but there wasn't that much there wasn't that much of other types of religions t talked about at school did they? there wasn't much d no
1758. wasn't in school hours was it? mm that's different i didn't prefer to go to that but there wasn't much religion taught at school there was some religion taught at school but there wasn't that much there wasn't that much of other types of religions t talked about at school did they? there wasn't much d no about other religions no spoken about at
1759. but there wasn't much religion taught at school there was some religion taught at school but there wasn't that much there wasn't that much of other types of religions t talked about at school did they? there wasn't much d no about other religions no spoken about at school but you go to you'd go to church from your school would you? at easter and christmas and things
1760. there wasn't that much there wasn't that much of other types of religions t talked about at school did they? there wasn't much d no about other religions no spoken about at school but you go to you'd go to church from your school would you? at easter and christmas and things? well yeah you had a bit of church going and the vicar used to come to school
1761. other types of religions t talked about at school did they? there wasn't much d no about other religions no spoken about at school but you go to you'd go to church from your school would you? at easter and christmas and things? well yeah you had a bit of church going and the vicar used to come to school mm because it was a church of england school mm but i don
1762. but you go to you'd go to church from your school would you? at easter and christmas and things? well yeah you had a bit of church going and the vicar used to come to school mm because it was a church of england school mm but i don't believe in that you see because that that in effect is biased isn't it? you're mm you know they '
1763. church from your school would you? at easter and christmas and things? well yeah you had a bit of church going and the vicar used to come to school mm because it was a church of england school mm but i don't believe in that you see because that that in effect is biased isn't it? you're mm you know they're they're pushing their well they '
1766. stuff that i don't actually genuinely give a shit about like she sent me a picture and s a message and she was like so's been doing this and's getting on well at school no one gives a shit they are fucking your tenants i'm just like fuck off i'm just like i actually genuinely do not care what those kids are up to do you even know them?
1767. problem like before even asking me like i hadn't even gotten back to france at that point when they had the booking for these people coming in saying yeah we are gonna like put us kids in school for a year and see how it goes in france and like naming the schools and stuff before i even knew that there was going to be that long term tenant before they even aske my mum even asked
1768. mother tongue? can't really say yes cos the answer's no post graduate job role or position do you put primary teacher or do you just put teacher? i supposed primary teacher primary school teacher she looks good uh uh weird kinks in her hair though mm b bit of bed hair going on i like that outfit actually the whole thing together i'd just not keen on the shoes have
1769. ready yet no you know what i mean? that's fair enough get a little bit older cos he stresses me out yeah yeah little sod he is is he still? having problems at school? he he has his moments he has his days he can have yeah good days and then he just goes silly again mm our english teacher rang me last week mm cos he weren't doing like
1770. can teach but mm can you work with kids though? yeah that's the thing that's it cos they don't actually do that in their training do they? no go to school they're just chucked in yeah yeah off you go yeah and they're like woah there's a bit of a steep learlearning curve i think yeah yeah i saw there
1771. at the two different ways and you think yeah i i mean i wouldn't want to teach teenagers mm i d i i don't i mean i i could probably teach i could teach primary school i c think i could teach with that and deal with that but when you get to the teenagers you start thinking mm some of them are quite intimidating aren't they? i mean i'd do
1772. hairy legs and arms yeah and i'm like he got to go through puberty too hasn't he? yeah yeah and he's talking about sex yeah things they deal with it at school younger now yeah and i'm like woah slow down a bit okay you know you're still at primary school wait a minute yeah yeah you know and i think yeah kids yeah are growing up
1773. yeah and he's talking about sex yeah things they deal with it at school younger now yeah and i'm like woah slow down a bit okay you know you're still at primary school wait a minute yeah yeah you know and i think yeah kids yeah are growing up really really mm faster now i think yeah than what you did years ago yeah you know? yeah you know i used when
1775. like don't get into rugby er he he don't like it doesn't he? he doesn't ah he would be so good he just he got he got there today at school and i said yeah er don't forget your tracktracksuit bottoms well it's raining we might not do it today yeah so he can if he doesn't like it that but it
1777. excluded a few times has he? yeah mm yeah d doing stupid things yeah cos i think i was doing here one morning i had to ring i've gotta go and fetch me lad from school he's let down the tyres in the bike shed yes i remember that i remember that well we only let them down a bit he said well yeah no that's not the point yeah yeah like
1778. home is it? no do you know what i mean? no that's it they will sit there oh yeah whatever i'd ra and you'd rather be there than mm being at school mm so and he doesn't get the idea of if you're excluded a few times and what happens and where you have to go and what do you do mm you'll be going well
1780. then ain't you? yeah mm well they can take him on say well you you know if you're not at if you're not at home then if you're not at school and you're not at home then if you're not at school and you're at home you come with me yeah bring him here for a day cleaning get him cleaning seriously t come through
1782. ' s not he's not that young some people have different perspectives of what they have them in size he has a t he has a special teddy what? does he go to mmiddle school or junior school or something? cos it's american isn't it? he d it's based england it's based in england? yeah does he go to secondary school or primary
1783. he's not that young some people have different perspectives of what they have them in size he has a t he has a special teddy what? does he go to mmiddle school or junior school or something? cos it's american isn't it? he d it's based england it's based in england? yeah does he go to secondary school or primary school? er
1784. ##dle school or junior school or something? cos it's american isn't it? he d it's based england it's based in england? yeah does he go to secondary school or primary school? erm i think he might go to he might be in his last few years last year of primary of primary school oh right so he's eleven then or first year in uh
1785. junior school or something? cos it's american isn't it? he d it's based england it's based in england? yeah does he go to secondary school or primary school? erm i think he might go to he might be in his last few years last year of primary of primary school oh right so he's eleven then or first year in uhu college shall
1786. ' s based in england? yeah does he go to secondary school or primary school? erm i think he might go to he might be in his last few years last year of primary of primary school oh right so he's eleven then or first year in uhu college shall we get a book to show mum? not now but what were you saying about boys looking awkward? well i was saying
1788. okay this is er with and they've never met each other but they both come from or came from so you can ask each other questions about where you went to school and all that stuff right so erm where did you where did you grow up when you were little? i don't think he has grown up i was born in yeah but at the age of
1789. he has grown up i was born in yeah but at the age of five moved to and where did you live? in top or bottom? erm near the crematorium and went to? school is that a secondary school or primary? on the on the council estate that was the that was the that was the primary school primary up to age eleven yes i was at mm which was a bit rough
1790. was born in yeah but at the age of five moved to and where did you live? in top or bottom? erm near the crematorium and went to? school is that a secondary school or primary? on the on the council estate that was the that was the that was the primary school primary up to age eleven yes i was at mm which was a bit rough well i lived erm
1791. or bottom? erm near the crematorium and went to? school is that a secondary school or primary? on the on the council estate that was the that was the that was the primary school primary up to age eleven yes i was at mm which was a bit rough well i lived erm i lived at the bottom of in yeah and my family all went to right and then i had an
1794. thirty nineteen thirty - six and she passed to the oh right but had her the parents in and said because of where you live we don't think that you should send your daughter to the high school because they were too poor alright actually my gran was a big money lender so she was quite canny they could have afforded it but because of where they lived they were advised not to send her i
1796. her mind she must yeah have been really young and does your father still live in? my parents are both up there yeah they are in now because they my mum didn't go to the high school she went to oh right and my father went to when they were both two separate grammar schools yeah that's right and erm and they met later at church and my dad the bus used to take
1797. yeah down lane yeah yeah yeah i was teaching in in the middle of the miners'strike were you? so that was really interesting there was aan estate just off and i was at a middle school then mm the ki but prior to that i was teaching in i used to teach in secondary schools right and i was teaching in and i am glad i wasn't there when the miners'strike was
1798. i remember i've got vivid memories of the trams because by that age we'd moved up to erm when i was a teacher we'd moved up to erm just by the school right very close to the school yeah and we lived we used to be able to well i grew up listening to the kids on the playing fields because the sound would carry right and also i i i i
1799. vivid memories of the trams because by that age we'd moved up to erm when i was a teacher we'd moved up to erm just by the school right very close to the school yeah and we lived we used to be able to well i grew up listening to the kids on the playing fields because the sound would carry right and also i i i i grew up to the thwa
1807. me going you've got to pull yourself together you've got to get a job cos i'd come back from jamaica and just thought oh what now? and so the day before school started in september i went to the education offices anand said can i see one of the employment people? and i was shown into an office and met a nice lady and said can i have a job?
1809. which was er not very good no but mm but you say your mother and girls high well my father well he it wasn't even worse for him he passed he passed er to go to secondary school and his mother couldn't afford to let me go mm so he left school at thirteen yeah and then spent most of his life being pretty frustrated because well my mum left school at thirteen because it was
1810. high well my father well he it wasn't even worse for him he passed he passed er to go to secondary school and his mother couldn't afford to let me go mm so he left school at thirteen yeah and then spent most of his life being pretty frustrated because well my mum left school at thirteen because it was the law and at said they were going to try and make classes in people '
1811. to go to secondary school and his mother couldn't afford to let me go mm so he left school at thirteen yeah and then spent most of his life being pretty frustrated because well my mum left school at thirteen because it was the law and at said they were going to try and make classes in people's houses and it never seemed to get off the ground but they closed the school for a few
1813. you? no so latin i struggled i dropped that after two years mm no so i couldn't cope with that but on the science side of course i was was that when you went to secondary school from primary yeah you are talking about? my first two years in grammar school but didn't you start latin from the first year of secondary school? yeah and i did it for two years and then
1814. so i couldn't cope with that but on the science side of course i was was that when you went to secondary school from primary yeah you are talking about? my first two years in grammar school but didn't you start latin from the first year of secondary school? yeah and i did it for two years and then dropped it why? because the others did they have a head start on you
1815. course i was was that when you went to secondary school from primary yeah you are talking about? my first two years in grammar school but didn't you start latin from the first year of secondary school? yeah and i did it for two years and then dropped it why? because the others did they have a head start on you? well because they understood about english grammar why? because well because they
1817. my dad probably did but she didn't no and erm so yeah i would be all in favour of it because i yeah i see what it gave me otherwise i would have been stuck secondary school yeah erm with bunches of kids in the class who didn't want to learn anyway and not only that i think that my husband and a friend of mine erm they both erm failed
1818. i know erm i've often thought about that as to where i would be yeah where would you be? if if i hadn't got out of that and and gone to a grammar school there's a fabulous programme i've seen it twice i think and michael portillo went to that grammar school and edwina curry went to the grammar school that's right and then they interviewed
1819. if if i hadn't got out of that and and gone to a grammar school there's a fabulous programme i've seen it twice i think and michael portillo went to that grammar school and edwina curry went to the grammar school that's right and then they interviewed loads of other people and they all said you know they went into this world and it was like coming from terraced
1820. that and and gone to a grammar school there's a fabulous programme i've seen it twice i think and michael portillo went to that grammar school and edwina curry went to the grammar school that's right and then they interviewed loads of other people and they all said you know they went into this world and it was like coming from terraced houses into this palatial place and they
1822. who understood this sort of thing that you've just been talking about now yeah yeah er and they were really pushed by dr y yeah yeah down at because the first year that our was at comprehensive school he got us in and he said youyou've got a real bright cookie here and she'll she'll go far mm and it was a toss - up whether she went to vet school
1823. he got us in and he said youyou've got a real bright cookie here and she'll she'll go far mm and it was a toss - up whether she went to vet school or whether she went to school of music mm because she does piano and violin mm and everything and he said you've got a real gem here but you've got to push her along so we
1826. lot there because that's where my mates that's right i would have done that i can see myself doing it yeah i would hiding my light under a bushel because i i went to school i went to grammar school and i got in the top form i don't know how because i was i was always the class clown and i was always drawing attention i would do anything for a laugh
1827. s where my mates that's right i would have done that i can see myself doing it yeah i would hiding my light under a bushel because i i went to school i went to grammar school and i got in the top form i don't know how because i was i was always the class clown and i was always drawing attention i would do anything for a laugh anything yeah and and i
1830. the hockey team were the girls who were like vicious with the sticks you know yeah yeah and they all lived in the and and at weekends i never saw anybody no that's right not not from school i was the same yeah because there was nobody around road no that you know at so who were you friends with at the weekend? erm well i used to play quite a lot or did you just
1831. ? erm well i used to play quite a lot or did you just study? no i wasn't the world's best studier did you still hang around with your mates from primary school? i mean we used to live near that lot only for the first year er and then did they think you were a snob or something because you went off to? well we went our separate ways
1832. the sports side and the scouts and that so i was alright and did you make friends that you've still got today? no no no you haven't kept up with them? none from school no well in fact i was looking at a photograph of er the football team at that i was in and out of the eleven in that team seven of them are dead including england amateur international football captain that
1833. that used to play in the team because i went to university with him as well erm but he seven seven of the eleven are dead so i am borrowed time and did your father go to grammar school no did you say? no sorry i wasn't listening no he he left school at twelve or thirteen so what was what did he think about you going to grammar school? was he very proud?
1834. ##m but he seven seven of the eleven are dead so i am borrowed time and did your father go to grammar school no did you say? no sorry i wasn't listening no he he left school at twelve or thirteen so what was what did he think about you going to grammar school? was he very proud? yeah he was or was he suspicious? but he could afford it because he was working
1835. your father go to grammar school no did you say? no sorry i wasn't listening no he he left school at twelve or thirteen so what was what did he think about you going to grammar school? was he very proud? yeah he was or was he suspicious? but he could afford it because he was working in the steel works weren't he ah yeah he could afford to send you but
1836. shame but erm yeah it was but er i know many a time he'd er other people have said to me that he he regretted that he wasn't allowed to go to the grammar school yeah yeah and and realise his potential mm
1838. the the the great majority of of top uh british jobs uh and that was um you know that could be interpreted by some people to be yeah uh elitism because before you've gone to private school you may well not have shown that level of uh skill but i think the problem is in the sch in the school system though isn't it like why people wanna send their kids to private school
1841. system though isn't it like why people wanna send their kids to private school why the normal schools aren't good enough or do you think that that people would always just send them to private school even if the schools were really good? uh some people do u would use a state school if it's a good one yeah yeah um the the problem is uh there's a fear of um
1846. if if you're the sort of person who wants to do something then you'll do it like i don't know how much the school counts surely not everyone who goes to a public school comes out with a good job surely not everyone who goes to a public school ends up doing something good i'm sure loads of them end up doing normal things like i'm sure there's
1847. you'll do it like i don't know how much the school counts surely not everyone who goes to a public school comes out with a good job surely not everyone who goes to a public school ends up doing something good i'm sure loads of them end up doing normal things like i'm sure there's loads of people who went to private school who are just doing jobs that that
1848. everyone who goes to a public school ends up doing something good i'm sure loads of them end up doing normal things like i'm sure there's loads of people who went to private school who are just doing jobs that that th like anyone's doing you know? i think you've gotta it's gotta be in you to to do to be r you've gotta be
1849. ve gotta want to do it haven't you? um if you're a kid you're a naughty kid i d you'll still be a naughty kid if you go to public school won't you? oh yeah but um you'll come out of it with you'll come out of it with like that that on your rec you you're gonna have a hell of
1852. don't know well i think it's about wanting to have your own identity yeah be something different like is it is it to do with adolescent uh wanting to be apart? yeah especially at school where you all have to wear the same thing you all have to do the same thing like maybe it's you know you wanna sort of have a bit of yourself um and i think yeah that '
1857. is i'm really sorry but we don't want to stay in single accommodation at the school with the students yeah no sharing toilets with them no that's just sounds like a a summer school not when we first get there god no that sounds like a summer school to me and that sounds like a nightmare no i don't mind paying for a hotel until we find somewhere well we're
1858. in single accommodation at the school with the students yeah no sharing toilets with them no that's just sounds like a a summer school not when we first get there god no that sounds like a summer school to me and that sounds like a nightmare no i don't mind paying for a hotel until we find somewhere well we're just going to have to forfeit the costs aren't we yeah
1859. didn't want to drive or something and the women travelled on there own quite a lot so you'd get a lot of the women getting taxis and a lot of the students getting taxis to school because like the whole family was working well surely that's the same isn't it? i mean how are the students going to get to school? they've probably all got their own cars
1860. and a lot of the students getting taxis to school because like the whole family was working well surely that's the same isn't it? i mean how are the students going to get to school? they've probably all got their own cars they're they're university students cos you used to get the teenagers you know getting taxis everywhere mm oh i don't know but we
1866. you know driving with it sort of bright now i know i'm going to be sort of have bad eyes that night sort of thing mm rubbish i used to feel really sorry for the kids at school who had really bad hay fever you know and as soon as the summer term starts they let you go out in the grass and the playing friend and there was a kid and he was he couldn't
1867. mean there's big tesco's there eh but it's a village in it's own right so it's got like a few little shops and things has it got a school? i don't know i can't remember ever seeing one in honesty but it's got like there's a a doctors a you know a chiropractors and a you know
1868. ? was looking at flights to when? now i was just looking oh at the erm like like at the people who have got them for er two hundred quid return? yeah it's school holidays nearly though isn't it? so mm what have we got on there? never you mind well you'll have to tell me so oh i have to sit here you'll have to
1870. ? well feel like there's millions of rules but i don't think i could go through all of them what about? what would you do if they were being mean to other people at school? erm if they were being mean to someone else at school i don't know i think i i'd punish them in some way how would you punish them? i'd punish them
1871. ' t think i could go through all of them what about? what would you do if they were being mean to other people at school? erm if they were being mean to someone else at school i don't know i think i i'd punish them in some way how would you punish them? i'd punish them for two days by no one day by erm one day by
1872. one of my earliest favourite memories trying to think i don't know i can't think of anything earlier maybe if you reminded me of something earlier? erm do you remember going to nursery school? yeah i remember someone pushing me off the slide and then i had to go to hospital yeah but that's all i remember yeah that wasn't very and then i remember going into like the
1876. to buy the patterns as well so mum used to pin the pattern on the material yes or show me where to pin it on the material mm mm mm erm and i'd take it to school like that and then at school i would put it on more carefully you know she wasn't doing it all for me but she would show so i could show the teacher where the bits went mm but
1877. so mum used to pin the pattern on the material yes or show me where to pin it on the material mm mm mm erm and i'd take it to school like that and then at school i would put it on more carefully you know she wasn't doing it all for me but she would show so i could show the teacher where the bits went mm but you didn't actually need
1878. s it's ideal and then say get more and more little bird boxes in there that's just the job innit there? think one of the ones there was one that made at at school and you can't really see it next to the the the the letter one that got just to the right of it she made it at school and it's got a really tiny oh i can
1879. of the ones there was one that made at at school and you can't really see it next to the the the the letter one that got just to the right of it she made it at school and it's got a really tiny oh i can see it yeah yeah tiny little hole in it and actually made the hole bigger thinking something you know give more chance cos ppeople looking at
1880. in the year who are very ambitious and well you still get that even in a in a disruptive year totally different yeah you still get that disruptive now when when we were when i was at school which is very long time ago er we had children from doctor home yeah and uh most of them were fantastic absolutely fantastic oh i mean and then got on well they seemed to get along in a higher grade
1884. headmaster he said uh come with me i think i got a job for you and he moved me all the way down to this engineering place mm and they give me a job yeah yeah and i left school at fifteen years old mm went in the apprenticeship and a an apprenticeship then was a six year apprenticeship well not it was a five year apprenticeship but you had to serve one year before they gave you an apprenticeship
1885. before he died you know yeah cos he got me the job as a blacksmith oh yeah and he got uh was my was my best friend he got him a job at plumstead and he left school at fourteen what the mental home? no plumstead engineering it was oh plumstead plumstead is a village okay you didn't say what he was doing well i thought you knew i was just guessing
1887. i cannot imagine what you would what you would do? what you would plan to do? what you would want to do? mm but you can't even do it because your children are at school you can't even say oh i'll go i know and see a bit of the world i genuinely can't you can't you can't can you? can't do
1888. pantomimey so i prefer a musical a bit more like miss saigon or les mis or something like that that's yes yeah are you? are you going to see les mis? at school? well we should do yes oh i've booked my tickets to go with my sister actually on the thursday i think see i have drama rehearsal on thursday so it's wednesday to saturday isn '
1892. ? there's a it's a our friend in the village it's her's the physio that i took to actually so but it's her son who was at school with but he's now gone to school and he's raising funds for something oh right i forget what but he's raising funds and he's got to raise the funds t for this
1893. our friend in the village it's her's the physio that i took to actually so but it's her son who was at school with but he's now gone to school and he's raising funds for something oh right i forget what but he's raising funds and he's got to raise the funds t for this trip himself so one of things he's
1894. fourteen he's like so big i don't know i have got a different perspective cos i've grown up with it my mum's american and from the time we went to school er all the way oh you see i don't like i don't like halloween so i'm probably a little bit we had a ha had a halloween party biased anyway because i just don
1895. s how it was here when the boys were small yeah you know don't you? we'd cos you'd all been to the toddler groups and they'd all started school together and you'd go around to the houses of the of their friends mm basically or you knew exactly yeah that they were in and that and you know and y the m the mums would all
1896. this is the link you need to make the payment perhaps i need to get in touch then because and it starts today mm erm for however many weeks it's quarter past four till six at school? at school i think it's is it about eight nine weeks? i can't remember but also cos i know was erm in year seven does his football training on a monday night
1897. link you need to make the payment perhaps i need to get in touch then because and it starts today mm erm for however many weeks it's quarter past four till six at school? at school i think it's is it about eight nine weeks? i can't remember but also cos i know was erm in year seven does his football training on a monday night mm and it
1898. about eight nine weeks? i can't remember but also cos i know was erm in year seven does his football training on a monday night mm and it's always been straight from school half past three till five o'clock and they had a letter saying that the times were changing quarter past four till six on a monday and said oh yeah that's because there's a referee
1900. they've got the highest marks on and then he was but then he was saying and on top of that then obviously becau nnow unless he was talking about cos does badminton after school on a tuesday and he said i think he said i want to train to be a badminton referee and erm oh he said because that's an area that not many people go into and it '
1901. you can referee and get money mm but also it's all extra goes towards your gcse and if as well if you see erm like the last few football matches that they played at school there's been a ginger - haired boy refereeing it oh yes it's one of's friends i was gonna say he looks like he's in school yeah he's a mm
1902. matches that they played at school there's been a ginger - haired boy refereeing it oh yes it's one of's friends i was gonna say he looks like he's in school yeah he's a mm he's a year eleven and i said to how come is reffing it? and he said oh it's to get him more points for his gcs
1903. no no you well try but you you might not i ha i can't have i completely forgotten something then? well if there's refereeing he's just gotta be back round at school at quarter past four right do you want to use that because you won't erm thank you you won't get good signal? what's his number? will will you not ring the
1904. s just cos i don't know where he is i just thought so he said what about the refereeing course? yeah well it starts at four fifteen he needs to be just back at school he said is he not answering now? no not on his mobile do you want to try the home number? shall i? yeah if he's anything like mine he won't pick up a
1905. ' s the? that one yeah thank you thanks oh so he hasn't come home even so he's not home yet so has he been texting? i wonder if he stayed at school i'll just say i'll just text him back again and say where are you? again you'll have to put that up on the windowsill is it on? are you doing it
1908. you're wasting her time was mm bang out of order really well i said that to her i said i'm here because my gp referred me and hello hello hello you alright? how was school? yes thank you yeah you can have a chocolate just the one thanks mm yeah she's okay we're just in the middle of a conversation you can join in? oh what you earning money
1914. go to like private schools and stuff yeah so basically the students consider that private that public school isn't really worth your time you know you learn the real stuff in private school like after hours public school is just day care we're just looking after the children so they oh what so they all go to private or after the school? it sucks mate the average high school student goes to school at seven
1917. public school is just day care we're just looking after the children so they oh what so they all go to private or after the school? it sucks mate the average high school student goes to school at seven o'clock finishes at six o'clock has a one - hour break and then goes to a private school until midnight or one o'clock and then does homework and they go to s
1921. re pretty fucked up well yeah i mean basically though the child may be on paper more intelligent and you know speaks numerous languages and done these kind of things with regard to social interaction with people in their school or whatever i mean i met a girl that in my in my upper school that was erm a compulsive liar basically yeah cos she'd been travelling so much and she'd
1924. really well - paid job it's like eighty grand a year mm basically but he was a doctor well within yeah and he's fucking so intelligent my friend my age he was really clever at school mm he's already a research fellow mm at bristol university oh really? he's like a top fifteen he's done a fell he did his fellowship at in america somewhere at this drugs company
1925. jeremy clarkson i'll tell you what i do for a what's that say? five years in twenty - eight years years in er no i don't cool education you went to secondary school i'll just tick that one you went on to graduate they can assume the rest yeah i mean surely if you've got to graduate then job role or position yeah what was your title again?
1926. sorry for the kids of today yeah i really do i mean i've got two granddaughters neither of them can get jobs and they only want a day job cos they're still at school you know? oh i don't know what they're gonna do? she's hoping they're going to university and get something there yes you have to you have to have some sort
1930. names make it more fun turning red i can't believe that we yeah cos we we went that awkward way through tesco and i just forgot about it and usually i leave my bike at school so er do do i don't know who that is do do yeah i don't know whether i should er ask whether he still really wants to go to london i don't know co
1935. using it for self - defence becauseyou're carrying a concealed weapon are you serious? he used to do self - defence you can get eight years for knife as well self - defence classes at school they used to tell us carry a rape alarm don't carry hairspray as a weapon because you'll be arrested yourself yeah yeah i'm not doing that fucking shit i went past the
1936. ' t do it there were so many people in that car they they can't have all got away with it to be fair yeah yeah one guy my mate my actual mate who i went to school with got got stabbed there he's only he's only got a little six inch scar em but the other guy that's mate we picked him up off the floor with basically half of his
1937. they fail it it's not a mark it's a pass or fail but the guy that they've got that just passed it at the moment is some guy some scouser left school after gsce he speaks eleven languages seven fluently shit how did he learn them all? yeah he just did it in his spare time cos his brain is made to that so she said you know
1938. you think i can get it online and pretend and she was like no well that would sort of negate the test yeah i thought you meant like it was a fake test like they got it from school or something but actually like it's like a fake language yeah how mental is that? that's a lot of time and effort to go to isn't it? to create a fake language
1943. yeah but i erm and you got stung on the bottom i did get stung on oh i heard about that as well thank you for reminding me of that i bet you've been going to school telling everyone that and what happened in your summer holidays? ah you look like you've moved in really well but yeah the only thing was was the wallpaper was the only thing that we weren '
1945. inside sorry you sound like you know what i'm like i've got a vivid imagination yeah i get i got worried in korea every time cos we were very rarely apart apart from at school and then occasionally we had a teacher's meeting er teacher's dinner teacher's meeting afterwards and we don't have a phone so's gone and it gets to nine o'clock
1946. ' d worry about the whole drugs mule thing there were quite a few people in latin america one of your friends got arrested well a loose connection not really one of your friends she was in year at school there were like people going to ibiza and then they get taken it was ibiza wasn't it? they get like move erm i mean she was picked by somebody convinced by somebody to fly
1947. ? i'm a mudblood yes very much yeah a mudblood a mudblood mm anybody asks me where i come from now i say north london i had a hard time when i went to school they used to beat me up for being a geordie and when i came home they used to beat me up for being a londoner oh dear so you were in a no win situation weren '
1948. ? he's i think there's only one there's only one friend of yours i remember meeting so er he's er he's it's funny to to be at school with him again because we went different places for sixth form and he's er in the year above and he's at now? yeah and what's he doing? at the same college so
1951. well i i mean i know i don't really know german but i can talk it yeah s oh you picked german up you didn't learn it? no i did it did it in school for gcse but i would struggle to read a german newspaper you know german is terribly difficult erm that was how learnt actually when he went to live there he learnt by reading newspapers and looking at
1953. jug in the fridge still you won't have time while you're at to learn any languages will you? yeah i mean there is lalanguage s s there's a language school which you can go to sort of do you have time for that? yeah probably but i i'll i'll hai'll have to ask someone who's who's done it if
1958. in his uncle's garage on the cars right and the other one i don't know what he does he seems to just sit inside with his history books are these are these boys at his school are they? so he's er he's friends with erm a couple of like raggle - taggle ones they're from all over the world one of them's portuguese right
1965. of that no cos i remember holding them in two hands yeah well i would never get that in my mouth you weren't meant to that's we used to do when we were at school try and get it in your mouth like that your mouth but about that size weren't they? about the size of the chocolate bowl huge weren't they? yeah they were they were like big
1972. yeah yeah it makes you feel weird like some people just have that impulse i guess i think yeah but it's quite yeah everyone's kind of well i used to be like that in primary school yeah everyone says that in primary school they're like yeah but this one time like yeah i yeah but i guess it's it's like constant one - up one - upmanship but like
1973. like some people just have that impulse i guess i think yeah but it's quite yeah everyone's kind of well i used to be like that in primary school yeah everyone says that in primary school they're like yeah but this one time like yeah i yeah but i guess it's it's like constant one - up one - upmanship but like you soon grow out of it yeah
1978. don't want to catch shit by myself but what's with someone else i really that would be so fun man you should come and oh i can't cos i've got school and exams and stuff june yeah in june they don't end till like june the fifteenth or something and then till like you know then i'm going to portugal yeah i'm not free till
1981. of april i think we're going it's not actually that it's quite soon wait thirteenth of april for how long? for like nine days or something ah going to be late for school again wait you have school still then? yeah we're meant to go back for stuff like lectures and stuff how the hell? like i have nothing now yeah it's a rip - off man
1983. issue there and a gender issue there yeah and i think those boundaries have pretty much dissolved for this generation mm hm yes i've got a couple of friends or i knew a couple of people at school cos i would hang out with all of the boys mm erm and a couple of them would you know oh we can't talk about that because's here and you're like what
1984. yeah and they're embarrassed because they already know yeah er and then they have an argument and fall out i think he was about eleven or something like that but yeah it needs to be in primary school yeah much younger mm i had it at primary school and i think we were in our final year at primary so it had have been what age ten or eleven mm hm something like that? and we had
1985. yeah er and then they have an argument and fall out i think he was about eleven or something like that but yeah it needs to be in primary school yeah much younger mm i had it at primary school and i think we were in our final year at primary so it had have been what age ten or eleven mm hm something like that? and we had the conversation about periods i actually before that my dad
1986. ? i don't die? what? so this is outrageous i know so i think i was about nine or something at the time and i was absolutely horrified and realised afterwards that a girl at school had already started erm but anyway and then at school at ten or eleven there was a video about the sperm and the egg so mm hm you know we learnt about the penis and the vagina and
1987. is outrageous i know so i think i was about nine or something at the time and i was absolutely horrified and realised afterwards that a girl at school had already started erm but anyway and then at school at ten or eleven there was a video about the sperm and the egg so mm hm you know we learnt about the penis and the vagina and had to draw pictures so i was horrified at parents evening
1988. ##opian tube at the time but quite mortified when my dad was looking at it red in the face as i was trying to make polite conversation with me about it anyway and then yeah at secondary school we had the same thing again and got free tampons which was a bonus and then my mum who had been long left in the family home by this time mm hm i remember her sitting me down
1991. was a bit late whoops er but i didn't know anything about periods er until i started and then my best friend's mum made me a period box and my friend brought it to school the next day oh a shoebox with a book and everything that you need how sweet yeah like a box of chocolates or something i had i just had to carry my period box home on the bus
1992. never knew that someone else's mother someone else's mother had helped you out yeah with this equipment you know that's the sort of erm catholic oh my god catholic all - girls school upbringing yeah gees so i don't know what i'd do if i had a daughter i don't know what i'd do oh you'd tell her everything from the age
1993. even be bothered to and it means i don't know to make any consonants yeah i used to take the mick at because she used to do that all the time how did you get on at school today? uh - uh - uh wasn't it? and now she talks quite clearly she does talk quite clearly now yeah she's changed but they cos it was very mumbly at one
1994. to? yeah they well ask any teenager s to say twenty twenty as long as they're not over fifteen i think then they change again because they've been pulled up so many times at school what they wake up on their fifteenth birthday well it's twenty past eight yes yeah i'm late it's twenty past eight they can suddenly? say a consonant oh hmm they do they realise
1995. from like people speak with like glottal stops the yeah and they're taking away the t yeah so like twenty um and stuff like that but i i did kind of when i was at school yeah just to fit in really well that is just to fit in yeah we still do sometimes now i'm sure i don't know i've i think my accent's changed quite a
1996. i got quite friendly with them and they weren't that bad no no least i didn't think so at the time these no these were youngsters i probably would now these were you know school - age children oh right yeah yeah they were ch school - age children i was quite the reason i was said that to you was i was booked for the next speaker to speak there and i did a
1998. that's a very subtle difference but not a lot oh there is so where did you go to college then? and what did you do? so you you grew up in? i i left school started an apprenticeship yeah and i did er college in oh right? yeah er it was a specialist cos i was in the printing trade at that time right yes oh right yeah you haven't got
1999. fifteen thousand or something you're dreaming you c stop dreaming you can't do that you're you're fal you're giving yourself false hope your son has only just started school in england yeah nei none of you can speak french french no the erm don't have a job out there no it it's it's a pipe dream it's nice to
2001. and experience em pardon me and seniority like you know you get up the list a bit so you know it wasn't i mean i've had some disastrous occasions where like i remember one school summer holiday and me my mum and my brother went to india and we spent two weeks going to delhi like we were staying in delhi at my auntie's house spent two weeks going to the airport
2002. then fly because obviously with him flying we got a bit more seniority mm cos obviously there's a difference isn't there? and em he then had to fly that weekend because obviously school was starting again there i was think i was going to like my fifth fifth form or something and then he had to fly em and with his weight you know we got at least five hundred and two of
2003. hundred and two of us got a seat and the other two don't really matter that much and they just waited another few days and it was just because it was crunch time you know end of school holidays yeah em and the same thing happened in canada i remember and it's so soul destroying going there everyday and then like to run into happy passengers aw boarding and you're standing on the side
2004. it got his name out there mm he's not a good actor cedric diggory have you seen that jack whitehall thing where he's like he went to see cos he went to school with robert pattinson and he hated him and he was i think you showed me or you told me about it and he wa like he went to see goblet of fire so many times just so
2005. that the entire plot of through the dragon's eye i used to love that through the dragon's eye? yeah it was this weird telly programme that they used to let us watch in school oh and there was like there was these children and they like looked through the stone thing and were like transported into this world it was weird did you used to have those big like tellies on wheels?
2006. i remember when we were allowed like when we were in year six we were allowed to bring in pencil cases and it was a massive deal we used to take in pencil cases i used to have a school bag and i don't know why cos there was never anything in it like i i yeah cos literally like you why is that so funny? i don't know just is just the
2007. in an empty bag well we used to like in it but i didn't really need a pencil case and it's like that's like it and then it came to have like one school book did you not have take like a reading book? yeah i used to do that i gave up on school reading though i was a free reader on reception were you? i was put on free reading
2008. it's like that's like it and then it came to have like one school book did you not have take like a reading book? yeah i used to do that i gave up on school reading though i was a free reader on reception were you? i was put on free reading in what? like from reception upwards? or just in reception? in well yeah and and oh really? we
2009. in what? like from reception upwards? or just in reception? in well yeah and and oh really? we had to do full reading books in reception? yeah i could read when i went to school we didn't have reading books in reception i don't think what? i could read when i went to school what? literally i i was we were like we did i think i might probably
2010. do full reading books in reception? yeah i could read when i went to school we didn't have reading books in reception i don't think what? i could read when i went to school what? literally i i was we were like we did i think i might probably i don't know if i cou i'm assuming i probably could we did like words and yeah putting sentences
2012. onto the next section yeah i just gave up so it was just like and it got to the stage where i'd read in year five i think i read one book every month or something for school and then i think in year six i just didn't bother mm i brought a scrubbing brush back for the dishes it's a duck duck that was really random it's cos i
2013. and i remember him saying there shouldn't be a problem with the budget don't know what they've done and i got called out i got called i was having lunch with somebody at school and the school was and he called me over and went come here and we went on roller skates on to this roof where he said where he said there shouldn't be a problem with the budget
2016. in to the fire as they say you know it's it's it hasn't been the easiest of no no it hasn't with everything that with everything that went on at at school i mean getting moved from one school to another which was good cos it was a promotion and everything else which was which was good and i enjoyed that time i learnt a lot yeah but then having to
2021. piano lessons so i was like oh i used to play piano we should like do stuff together so we did and it was genuinely really fun and like we used to do music and stuff but then at school like when we were doing music and like we were allowed to use instruments and stuff and she would always like one up yeah she always had to and like i told her i was learning this song it '
2023. ' t think you've met her is she getting married? no that's but the other her brother was best friends with's brother older one with? yeah when they were at primary school went to used to play around each other's houses and really fancied him really? yeah when she was a child obviously i used to fancy him as well did you? yeah that's
2026. cross it off the list yeah it's just like when when when's best to go then? because we're also talking about just a short break cos mm will be back at school she will be teaching so she can only have this four - day break mm so it's that we're restricted on i'm gonna have to bbook the week off so i can '
2027. t actually fly wednesday to sunday so these are the er so it would be a wednesday to a sunday could you get a wednesday evening though? cos i'm thinking's gotta be at school i think so so it would have to be a late well yeah wouldn't it? that's the thing having to get down there and then you're in the rush hour traffic eleven twenty
2035. on the next table about how like he's he he built he built it himself you know it was it was him he did it er but basically this is the story is he went to private school his mummy and daddy gave him they paid for his backpacking afterwards oh come on and bought him and paid for the deposit he was like yeah after that i just did it all myself and that's
2040. ' s getting everything for free yeah and she won't be paying paid badly no i think's on more money that is she? cos i think she's obviously at a private school erm cos seemed a bit pissed off about it cos she's at private school that's what she's also like obviously she doesn't do full - time cos obviously
2041. ' s on more money that is she? cos i think she's obviously at a private school erm cos seemed a bit pissed off about it cos she's at private school that's what she's also like obviously she doesn't do full - time cos obviously like when you're in private school you're with the kids all day when you teach
2042. off about it cos she's at private school that's what she's also like obviously she doesn't do full - time cos obviously like when you're in private school you're with the kids all day when you teach in sixth form or whatever you teach like and half the classes yeah yeah can't resent it no that looks like a that's my
2044. i i yeah just thinking about it and like today i've gone from mine to's dad's work to pick some stuff up there to stop start to to the school to out of school to for an hour's break an hour's break in there t back in the car to the the session to here and then i'm gonna go oh it's fucking ridiculous oh i
2045. the front going come on come on he's yes every year there's something do you know that's what makes it oh absolutely and then and then a shepherd we did it again in school because the year sixes and fives had missed it and they've got their buddies you know and everything there so we did it in year fi er we did it again in school and one of
2046. again in school because the year sixes and fives had missed it and they've got their buddies you know and everything there so we did it in year fi er we did it again in school and one of the shepherds was a bit reluctant so their buddy bless them at the back had said it's alright come on like this and they've gone like that to sort of say come
2050. when you inj when you don't want to esespecially early no mind you if you've got you're gonna have to well yeah you're gonna be to school by half by half eight mm mm you have to be quite erm a different routine for your then isn't it? mm yeah i know maybe tomorrow we can start formulating this email? pardon
2052. and live there then? i shouldn't think so why why would she take there? well well because this problem with school in i really mm we haven't got the right to go to school to to go to school there and yet she has down there? well yeah cos that's where she's born she where was born? yeah but not well no no but also she '
2053. i shouldn't think so why why would she take there? well well because this problem with school in i really mm we haven't got the right to go to school to to go to school there and yet she has down there? well yeah cos that's where she's born she where was born? yeah but not well no no but also she's got her mother er
2058. mm mm but it's like most places in the world the the gap between the rich and poor is ever widening mm of course yeah what erm this school fees how do that how do the school fees compare then to other school fees there? you know they is that i don't know about other private schools really er there's erm one i think another one that the er the the
2068. to negotiate cos she goes no no you no you've got thirty minutes that's it for now he's quite his mamaths seems to be his thing oh so first day at school he's quite good at maths doesn't like writing much but then nor did when she was young or didn't like putting pen to paper and she cos went to erm private
2069. ' s quite good at maths doesn't like writing much but then nor did when she was young or didn't like putting pen to paper and she cos went to erm private school she went to and erm we paid her fees till she was seven by getting a te a tenant we had two tenants we had two lodgers erm from the university they were research biologists i
2072. stuff they kind of know what they're talking about cos they've got a bit of personal experience mm then i'm quite good at history i went to though when he went to school it's quite a long time ago but my ah was also out of luck with with goves because he said what you're actually trying to do why do you do history at all? what
2073. or whatever it is you could be trying bits of yeah do you remember the eddie izzard routine i'm sure i showed both of you where you know he knows certain bits he learned at school like he knows la plume de ma tante he knows singe he knows laugh and he's going how do i chat a french girl up unless literally the cheeky monkey is on a bicycle and
2074. thatcher actually in her first erm in her first years of office she didn't like it but she said well you guys are the experts i'll sign it off because s her subjects at school when she was an education it weren't history it was it was geography and home economics no chemist no no she was a chemist was there chemistry? chemistry and law yeah mm i remember reading about her
2077. it was board cos everyone seemed to be able to get an a in that that's the easy one and it was like all the thickos you knew who didn't get into your school who went to a you know you were at prep school with them mm or something yeah and of all the thickos that didn't get into your school all got as i'm like yeah but
2078. get an a in that that's the easy one and it was like all the thickos you knew who didn't get into your school who went to a you know you were at prep school with them mm or something yeah and of all the thickos that didn't get into your school all got as i'm like yeah but nono one apart from no one at work or un
2079. knew who didn't get into your school who went to a you know you were at prep school with them mm or something yeah and of all the thickos that didn't get into your school all got as i'm like yeah but nono one apart from no one at work or unis or anyone seems to mark this back where there's different schools mm no so if you do
2080. that because you know what's her name used to come and writes poetry in a magazine used to come to church er lived up on the anyway her they were patients of mine her daughter was at school with became an air hostess and she still came back for treatment but she ca just before i went on this trip and she said oh god i've just been to she said absolutely terrible people told me
2082. leftovers you get leftovers for i could happily pass on the mash though i don't like that i don't know maybe it's because like you know when you were at school i don't know if they did this at your school did did you like have to erm like at my junior school you used to sit on a table with loads of other kids and like they
2083. the mash though i don't like that i don't know maybe it's because like you know when you were at school i don't know if they did this at your school did did you like have to erm like at my junior school you used to sit on a table with loads of other kids and like they you didn't go up like to a hatch and get
2086. prison? oh maybe prison er in private schools isn't it do they not? i don't know well it definitely wasn't a private school erm there was time time on a school trip when i went to boarding school and for a week and i think the the serving was different erm but mm i think it was because there wasn't anywhere to g to go to get the
2087. private schools isn't it do they not? i don't know well it definitely wasn't a private school erm there was time time on a school trip when i went to boarding school and for a week and i think the the serving was different erm but mm i think it was because there wasn't anywhere to g to go to get the dinner do you know what i mean
2091. i think it was just one of those stupid primary school that's er it's probably a north eastern words is it? i don't know i think it was just a stupid primary school thing like er school dinners are definitely like er i mean the further back the further back i try to remember the worse the more disturbing it gets like and did you have lemon love pie? well in my
2094. have been you know risky eating those sorts of burgers er in the eighties but er i've survived and i don't think i've experienced any mental er when i was at senior school yeah yeah takes ages to come out though doesn't it not wanting to scare you yeah yeah i know so you never know well erm do you want to make another cup of tea? yeah sh
2096. because of that? no she's not chose me more than anything no just the luck of the draw my driving instructor wasn't fit he was the dad of one of my friends from high school so is that? what else i don't like? i don't like sand i don't like beaches i'm really miserable aren't i? i like sand i like snow
2099. the way we've invited erm's boyfriend what did say that to you? yeah erm hope that's okay but they've invited well maybe he's a boyfriend from school that she's been with for years yeah i don't know could be i thought it was inappropriate if my dad hasn't met him then it's not appropriate mm anyway yeah er too
2102. now they were having to be in the building at i was never on time for registration half no and so now half eight was the beginning of the lesson and i were mm meeting and cycling together to school mm and we just never got there on time and then eventually mr erm gave us detention for like a term or something oh oh because of it they were clamping down so we had then it
2106. just sort of i used to with the the the old we'd just sort of hang out all the time and occasionally had like this fe a few of our friends that were were hardly ever in school they er er my friend and and they were right and they were all bit aloof i think right so you never really one? yeah anyway south london is different it's a mm different world totally
2107. ' t had a boyfriend right but's got a girlfriend but's got a girlfriend yeah i can understand why they wouldn't want to yeah they used to go they used to go to school together and i think it was when was in his second year at uni through social media and everything yeah they you know they managed to meet up got back in touch yeah got in touch all that sort
2111. t im you know you think oh god that's what they're it's it's like erm dealing with all the time isn't it? it in our days at school you know if somebody wore glasses or braces you you know it you know there would have been that mimicking and taking the mickey yeah yeah wouldn't there? but no now they go for like
2113. d be going to see the you know well you would the psychopathic nurse because well when i they'd think you were this is how old we are when i was that age you had a school nurse you did we had a sch we had a nurse yeah she was there all day every day and you went to the if you weren't well yeah you went to the school nurse you want
2114. had a school nurse you did we had a sch we had a nurse yeah she was there all day every day and you went to the if you weren't well yeah you went to the school nurse you want to the nurse's room she had a little like it was like cupboard really mm but we did we had a school nurse but yeah just trying to think whether we did at do you
2115. the if you weren't well yeah you went to the school nurse you want to the nurse's room she had a little like it was like cupboard really mm but we did we had a school nurse but yeah just trying to think whether we did at do you know i don't it wasn't as posh at were you not as posh as i don't think we had
2118. ? erm no she hadn't she'd got in at seven oh okay and she was having t she didn't get home till seven and she was er but i spoke to at school today i saw and i said how are you sweetheart? i'm alright thank you and i said erm i said oh i text your mummy last night she said oh i know she said you know
2119. the off chance so you know i understand that erm and erm i said to her i said i said how are you how is your mummy managing to get to to sch the bus to school er to the train station? yeah that's it yeah and she said oh she said well sometimes comes over oh does he? and i said oh does he? she said yeah i cos i
2120. mummy take her? she said yeah but sometimes'll prop pop across to help oh i said oh i said and what about the night times? how are you getting on of a night time after school until mummy gets home? i said cos she doesn't get home till late does she? she said no she said daddy looks after us oh okay she said but he's she said it
2121. sleep at night? er no i don't think she does using and abusing people makes you wonder doesn't it? makes you wonder oh dear dear dear i saw her walking up from school this morning when i went to get my nails done walking with treacle on her phone mm she was going to work because she made me laugh she said oh i do chauf chauffeur service
2124. being interested in the things that you've been interested in all your life and you just had no motivation and yet you said right you just spent sorry how many weeks have you spent away at summer school now? or is it a week? was it yeah three three weeks three weeks three weeks? three weeks yes and whi whose whose summer school? who organised it? erm thth there were
2128. helpers there's and me mm is the the other person mm but she couldn't go she she's full - ti she's still full - time teacher er oh right at school oh yeah so there's four of us er help helpers um five er people er from our group went um but the ones that had been helping along brought their families so there were sort of teenagers
2129. everyone is so thin here i think it's really genetics mm it's got to be a lot of it and then they don't eat between breakfast and three o'clock kids in school do they have like a sandwich at eleven yeah yeah? yeah but and then this main meal at three yeah i don't know i don't i don't get it yeah oh well i
2131. marriage was just about to be legalized in spain mhm and there was a a girl in class who was a lesbian and quite openly so and she came to class with three of her friends from school so it was like to her it was yeah you know a really open issue she was really you know very happy talking about it or what not but because she'd heard that um this other girl '
2133. still yeah and i think it's got it's getting very much it's getting worse at the moment though well yeah but you don't cos well even when i was at school you'd you'd now you don't it it's very rare yeah no one says it out loud really like well yeah it's very rare and quite shocking when somebody openly says
2134. ' s posh yeah? like their sausage rolls they put more flavour in them they're like cos used to whinge at me er on the way back from walking back home from school she i'd be like oh i'll get something from greggs and she'd be like no no we have to go to i said this to my mum though they're like sp
2135. idea erm okay so that's's and then's wakes up please stop tapping wakes up here on monday on his birthday and we might have a couple of presents and then goes to school and then comes back and we're having birthday tea again on monday at daddy's house in the afternoon i know yeah okay okay? and if you wanna do anything birthdayish over the weekend with
2136. er it's cool right? mm i think that's a really bad thing actually it's good to know someone that like that what've you gotta tell us about your day at school please? erm had graphics which is good nearly finished my project just nearly what is your project remind me? er we're designing new packaging for a drink of some sort what sort of packaging have
2137. know some of them you do get years when it's just a bad year yeah i know some imagine being the alright kid in that year nightmare mm yeah my sister was in a rubbish year at school oh god how terrible erm sorry? how terrible oh it is horrible though if you imagine there's nobody decent in your year what? there's always someone decent it's just that they
2138. nobody else in the class is doing surely not? that's never happened before much mm oh i met the new neighbours they alright? they seemed alright until they said their kids are not home from school yet which seemed a bit odd as it was four thirty private school really? i never would've guessed wait w did one of them have a beard and was bald? the man? had a beard
2139. never happened before much mm oh i met the new neighbours they alright? they seemed alright until they said their kids are not home from school yet which seemed a bit odd as it was four thirty private school really? i never would've guessed wait w did one of them have a beard and was bald? the man? had a beard and was bald no woman he had a beard i don't
2140. oh very good er god what? that's not good what? used to teach at? and that's where his kids go that that that that's why they his kids go to school in because he teaches there so then you get to send your kids for free but yeah he's a they seemed alright until that point er i think there was a moment of frosty silence and they
2141. there was a moment of frosty silence and they've got two girls that are like eight and nine or something like that so younger than you oh jolly good but they only go to a private school cos he teaches there? well er yeah he teaches at private school? do you pay to have? do you get paid to do that? stuff like that? stuff like this am i to read
2142. girls that are like eight and nine or something like that so younger than you oh jolly good but they only go to a private school cos he teaches there? well er yeah he teaches at private school? do you pay to have? do you get paid to do that? stuff like that? stuff like this am i to read this poem try? bracket assent it'll be okay assert assert it
2143. you and see if you can erm coordinate the same week off? mm and as well mm and then you then we when we've got a week so long as it's not in school holidays said he should be fine to get us somewhere so how much would it cost? it's ninety - nine pounds for the week for a to hire the whole thing six bedroomed? well you
2144. through erm investing in their er in their country and in their people in their new innovation we the nhs is investing in our people maybe not fundamentally or ideologically but healthcare is better erm er school education obviously that can be argued but we've got we've got a sustainable system education is a nec the the points are these are necessary costs right? yeah every country will have these costs right
2145. ? yeah he fancies himself as a player but he's like he does don't he? he looks like he's just looks like a he's a paedophile boarding school paedophile he'd already do something else george er those tight shorts and stuff looks really good yeah i i really like her dress sense that little backpack er look at him looking at her he '
2146. then he started then he started sucking up to them all and then he yeah like used to piss me off cos i thought for god's sake like why? we're not in high school any more why d'you feel? he started talking to me like why d'you feel like you need to try and suck up to all these people like? yeah i thought for god's
2148. they tweeted that you were at orchestra tonight like we've star me and have started who's who's twittering about? no i'm saying i always look on school school's music twitter oh to see you know like today to see if his music is year ten gcse music group has started erm we're gonna start another twitter page called u we '
2150. can't be the same in all schools because oh cos you yeah you can but the do it here it's already done here so yeah our class are very far behind both in our school and nationally cos we we did to kill a mockingbird which is a long book like to read it oh yes yes no i don't i don't know anyone else who's done
2151. ' s got an idea of starting a sort of simple theology course for ordinary people so we're gonna talk about that and friday does he see the services? oh friday it's mass at school is it? yes ah yeah lent yes on instead of mass in the parish yes it's at school we're coming down i've got yeah will he be the ordinary person who sort of
2152. talk about that and friday does he see the services? oh friday it's mass at school is it? yes ah yeah lent yes on instead of mass in the parish yes it's at school we're coming down i've got yeah will he be the ordinary person who sort of runs it all then?? reverend? will he be the ordinary person who runs it all? oh i
2154. to begin with? okay let's just for example say talk let's say car mechanics okay just for the sake of it and you've got erm johnny who's just left school and he wants to be a car mechanic and he's got an interest and he's been doing some stuff himself and he has a problem and really what is really what it is about is more
2158. i definitely preferred working with the little ones erm i'd rather work in a nursery than a school but nnursery workers get paid less which is why i've gotta do primary school cos yeah even though er teaching isn't exactly like gonna pay me that much anyway nursery work is literally like bottom of the barrel stuff so yeah it doesn't pay that badly it's
2159. years'war and erm yeah it's pretty interesting and like i said the last one erm i think richard is the one you you must've read a little bit about him at school that you would know well we all you i think we took you as youngsters erm you probably wouldn't remember that but he is the king who allegedly put the two nephews in the tower
2161. ##ogging a yes great that's good wonderful teamwork what team? wildcats team wildcats oh sorry wildcats nailed it erm yeah yeah oh that childhood propaganda that is high school musical what? high school musical? yeah er ex er discuss and explore the idea of well high school musical as propaganda i don't know all the haven't read all the theories of no no certainly the immediate sto
2162. wildcats team wildcats oh sorry wildcats nailed it erm yeah yeah oh that childhood propaganda that is high school musical what? high school musical? yeah er ex er discuss and explore the idea of well high school musical as propaganda i don't know all the haven't read all the theories of no no certainly the immediate sto okay stop i can't yeah so the theories of media and the stop
2165. ' re just other types of norms i think textually there is not a lot of evidence for that ssso not not yeah nn but none from but if we're going none from high school musical if we're going but like this is my opinion if we're going beyond textually this is my opinion of life generally okay i i agree with you to a point okay i agree with
2167. obviously i think he would be probably better if he considered a sort of adding to the range of books rather than yes compete the same you can't read that one no yes when i was at school my english teacher used today if a book's worth reading it's worth reading twice yes but i must say i've never read great expectations twice no i think it would take a long time
2168. alabama theatre in alhambra to eh yes watch an inspector calls yes that bring it to life a bit more yes yes yes i haven't actually come across that play before you encountered it at school i thought it was really worthwhile doing it and i really enjoyed the story yes but erm i think if i just seen it on a television schedule i wouldn't have thought to watch it perhaps
2171. i don't know how you'd find a vacancy would it be on like the nhs website? mm they're private aren't they? you need to prepare your cv mm at school you know well that would be good experience for you it would yeah yeah and good thing to talk about at interview cos you'd be dealing with the public as well wouldn't you? you
2173. be that'll be alright it'll be a mm it should be alright so we'll sort that out tomorrow we've got we're supposed to be having a christmas meal at school as well so oh yeah? which i'm trying to sort out yeah not the same day? no i was going to say it's like a vicar of dibley remember that one? yeah
2177. whoosh over the top right and she went oh oh i said yeah the first three or four weeks of starting she found it very difficult the change from doing gcse having twelve weeks out of school because you finish yeah yeah but you don't do anything yeah that's right you've got to get back into that routine of working the level is different i said certain subjects she just kn
2180. until lunch oh she just stayed us until lunchtime? i think she might have been checking the school out and seeing if she wants to go oh do you think? yeah maybe was she in her school uniform? erm i don't know she kept her cardigan on and who did she sit next to? who was looking? oh was it? okay was he looking after her alright? er
2182. mum and was really cross about it apparently and children can enter so you so what's the race? so it's similar to the school you know when you do the pancake toss at school? mm so i don't know if this is with the actual pancakes or with a beanbag or whatever but you have to run across the car park obviously the cars are not doing anything yeah with
2183. erm get a kiss from the wi vicar and erm i love that reach it first yeah before you win so that must be in a village or a town yeah so did you learn that at school? mm that's a cool story so is that why we all do pancake? and also mm there's another thing a long long time ago a long time ago like if the oldest daughter
2184. ##ching to get out? huh? oh yeah i was just thinking what i'm going to do he's just standing there being good yeah that's what we used to get told at school he's watching that bird over there look i don't know what to do because i want to go outside but i need to do my work as well mm but sometimes just a quick break yes
2185. is i think the question is why do you want it what do you want it for er because they might want to live in the country but they can't because of so you know until leaves school they pretty much have to live near the school they want to be in and it's not gonna be cos she has to grow up with friends so they well she could have new friends w but
2187. it is funny some of the things people put put on there mm it's er it makes me laugh at the minute everyone's putting on all the pictures of the kids starting first day at school the first day of i got a little bit fed up of that i think well i don't mind like the first day of primary school yeah and i don't mind the first day of big
2188. on all the pictures of the kids starting first day at school the first day of i got a little bit fed up of that i think well i don't mind like the first day of primary school yeah and i don't mind the first day of big school but i don't want to know that your child's starting year five you showed me yeah six when they were starting year one
2190. ' t want to know that your child's starting year five you showed me yeah six when they were starting year one yeah seven yeah i don't yeah like great they're starting big school brilliant they're starting primary school oh they are cute you know but then after that it's like no i don't need to know yeah i'm not bothered by your child at that
2191. child's starting year five you showed me yeah six when they were starting year one yeah seven yeah i don't yeah like great they're starting big school brilliant they're starting primary school oh they are cute you know but then after that it's like no i don't need to know yeah i'm not bothered by your child at that much now like mm you know show
2192. i'm not bothered by your child at that much now like mm you know show me the odd picture but that's fine but yeah my my feed was just full of first day back to school pictures yeah for like two or three days yeah yeah i i i saw quite a lot of those yeah as well but then i mean we've still got the picture of you and the picture of both
2193. like two or three days yeah yeah i i i saw quite a lot of those yeah as well but then i mean we've still got the picture of you and the picture of both starting secondary school yeah the the photo yeah of your first well your well i mean i've got pictures that i took in the garden of both of you each time yeah yeah i remember those i've got pictures
2194. well i mean i've got pictures that i took in the garden of both of you each time yeah yeah i remember those i've got pictures of you both on your first first day at school mm and then erm er's got the the the official pipictures from the first year at at er at secondary oh she's got those i know and she says she likes that co
2195. that now though no you don't actually it's it's funny looking back at some of the old pictures and i was all like oh hello i'm all done up ready for school yeah well that was it it was good though cos the school made you have pride in your appearance and we insisted that you still kept that and did that as well so it slipped after the first few
2197. slipped after the first few years though but that's fair enough that's exploring the boundaries the shirt comes out and you know tie comes down a little bit yeah i remember when i was at school with our tie it was the fashion everyone used to have it in a really really big knot yes with just this tiny little bit poking out yeah and then we decided we changed it and we used to just
2198. ll have one like yours no er no i'll stick to my water mm erm yeah the friend of mine she was telling me how she'd gone to pick up her daughter mm from school and erm and ninicole erm kidman just came out good grief up and just had her daughter with her and she said she said oh hello and nice chat and everything yeah but then she
2199. chat and everything yeah but then she went and she said to her daughter she said e when did you think to tell me that? what what if? y oh you know you're going to school with ni going to school yeah nicole kidman's daughter oh yay that mum yeah amazing isn't it? but it's a different it's a different mentality isn't
2200. then she went and she said to her daughter she said e when did you think to tell me that? what what if? y oh you know you're going to school with ni going to school yeah nicole kidman's daughter oh yay that mum yeah amazing isn't it? but it's a different it's a different mentality isn't it? children are different
2202. oh that's it's fascinating i love it i love all i love the essex one and l love chelsea but it's all it's all london posh kids yeah private private school educated and oh yeah i don't know where they well what's the format of it? well it's erm mm it's a group of twenty year old plus right and they
2204. a new experience learning curves learning making some sense erm well there's of the way that they're erm they're they they they they're taught yeah if you go through school and you've got this further exam you're no longer the same as everybody else no but in fact you are the same as everybody else you're just maybe the attention you've had
2211. i grew up in real multi culti community where i was at i was with black brown yellow green pink white you know mm every colour under the sun every religion erm there was a guy at school with a turban there was another guy went off to pray five times a day there were people who opted out of er christian based assemblies erm you know i was with g i grew up with
2212. were throwing a rugby ball yeah to to each other so don't don't say anything no no no cos c has probably this in confidence right and she always does this so was in school today? yeah she was yeah oh so she's in school i didn't see her but you don't know if the results have come in from? no no i didn't i
2213. t don't say anything no no no cos c has probably this in confidence right and she always does this so was in school today? yeah she was yeah oh so she's in school i didn't see her but you don't know if the results have come in from? no no i didn't i didn't oh gosh imagine having to wait on all those
2215. done the er done yeah you've done his bed but he won't look after anything he won't look after anything and he makes me cross i ironed four shirts for him yesterday school shirts yeah all i've asked him to do is put them away i went in this morning they're in a heap on the floor crumpled oh you're joking? so when he gets home
2217. admit with ironing cos yesterday morning he got up and he had no school shirts i said i thought you had loads but actually i washed and ironed four yesterday so he ended up going to school in luckily when brought his prom suit the shirt that he got for it was white white and so he went to school in's prom shirt so i don't know how that happened anyway all four
2218. loads but actually i washed and ironed four yesterday so he ended up going to school in luckily when brought his prom suit the shirt that he got for it was white white and so he went to school in's prom shirt so i don't know how that happened anyway all four of them have got paint on i said what what do you do? paint? that's reception trick that is
2221. be say yeah pick me up from the pub tonight me and your dad are going for a drink pick us up pick us up yeah yeah yeah you'll be ringing now on your way home from school can you pick me up from's it's raining yeah it's raining yeah payback time yeah i don't know has he has he thought what he's gonna do next year
2222. mm erm so whether there is some my mum was dyslexic yeah uncle is so whether there is something something possibly along the way yeah yeah erm and but when i was at school i mean i came out miss average i didn't take any i took cses but right but i came out average you know yeah yeah i didn't do gcse er no o levels
2223. brother didn't really excel until he was at college well i s m you often get that with boys don't you? they they get mm better as apparently when my brother was at primary school they spoke to my dad about putting putting into remedial classes cos he was really struggling mm but it was when he actually left school and went to college he went to technical college that he excelled
2224. get mm better as apparently when my brother was at primary school they spoke to my dad about putting putting into remedial classes cos he was really struggling mm but it was when he actually left school and went to college he went to technical college that he excelled yeah so whether he found his so well i know it's like you ju you often get that as well don't you? mm
2225. anything that they get help with and then people work out how to get round it themselves and then eventually get better it's like's brother in law he he had all sorts of problems at school which i only found out fairly recently like loads and loads of problems and was not good at all and and he's got a phd in astrophysics it's like my brother he's got
2226. ##ity of mm yeah no this year's not that important oh and i know where they're coming from cos i think half the time they they pick on er pick up on that at school cos they're the ones yeah that get the supply teachers and i know they're the ones that get the you know and anyway so subjects that he knows he doesn't want to do
2229. whatever cos i'm cold at the football i don't know mm but oh i'm glad i'm not the only one yeah but no even in warm yeah oh okay in school you know when it's warm so so monday is kind of becoming a work day mm and then i'm doing two more days right so for example this week i worked yesterday i'm working
2233. yeah come and live with me which is in mm in house oh what was her name? mrs uhu mm and we always had in the evening what we'd had for lunch at er at school deja vu she used to save a little bit on the side all over again at school and bring it home warm it up and that's what i'd have for my dinner that must '
2234. mrs uhu mm and we always had in the evening what we'd had for lunch at er at school deja vu she used to save a little bit on the side all over again at school and bring it home warm it up and that's what i'd have for my dinner that must've been nice well it's mm it was alright if you liked what you had for
2235. which is er did you? yeah it was derelict she said you you need to do a lot of work on that and we did it it had wet rot dry rot anyway i got the kids at school mm to come and help me and we and this was to rent? it wasn't to buy? no that was to rent and we mm and you were expected to do that? we put an
2238. team of writers did that they deserve a oh no they're brilliant aren't they? oscar or something i don't and get how they and they they should erm teach it at school like to politics students or they must have they must be politicians the people who wrote it what's this you've got out? cayenne pepper? yeah yeah? alright cheese no they don
2241. language so they must have found like a lot of the questions really hard like they weren't there a lot longer it's like you could if they're doing english language at an english school i don't know maybe it's like er i dunno maybe it'll it's a well - looked upon degree over there because it's english mm but mm i know i
2244. it happens well i get it though a little bit more because well not get it that sounds wrong but for instance well she's inv she she obviously didn't know anyone from her primary school or anyone from uni there yeah so it works quite well but also it's giving you the chance to bump into that person locally without needing fate to help you i suppose yeah it is nice in
2247. that's weird but he was obviously in her year yeah and then obviously looked at other people she was friends with there was like not that i ever spoke to him i know he went to my school yeah and then but not as many people as you think no not i i what we knew from that year yeah or whatever yeah so yeah she these road are mental but i think there is an easier way
2248. family bike and the beanbag and the what? and and the and the one which was with this little seat in at the front of the carriage was this in the afternoon before you did it after school as well? yeah so who d pushed you around on the family bike? erm well there was quite a lot of children on it and they had a per and they had a person on and it
2249. my goodness you never you're gonna be in year five hey mum and mum and mum mum mum mum one year away from year six but that means you're nearly and just done with primary school really and mama mum mum mum oh which means i'm nearly done with my life do you know what? i'm nearly at work mum mum mum mum mum mum mum mum mum mum mum mum
2250. up then i don't like that's not gonna happen cos that is a physically impossible for the human mind see? and for snuggles it might be when you get to secondary school that you've gotta act a bit cooler around him no i won't i'll be please don't okay i won't i will you will be then cos you'll
2255. er lots and lots of people do and you can do that some days but other days you might want to do an after school club cos there are as well as lunchtime clubs there are after school one as well so there's or er or i'll be in detention you will never be in detention i hope young man yeah but i might if someone frames me well i would no i would
2257. who do you need to i was a very strict teacher as you know who do you need to watch out for? they used to call me the rottweiler mummy but mama when i go to school and see you at college mm how long is it until i bet when you first if i'm still at the college if you go there when you're first there and you're seven you
2259. back home they were coming home and it was just such a joyous moment i remember that skipping through the park w as we you know came home again so that was another lovely little memory erm school days erm it was still the war when i went to school and started my primary school we had our own little classroom and playground separate from the erm larger children i suppose who'd moved on
2260. ##ous moment i remember that skipping through the park w as we you know came home again so that was another lovely little memory erm school days erm it was still the war when i went to school and started my primary school we had our own little classroom and playground separate from the erm larger children i suppose who'd moved on and been there a year and we had milk at break times and
2264. and erm what have you but i went to a little school i remember it was quite a hilly area and i went to the s taken to the local children you know where the children went to school in the young classes and one of the things we did erm was to be taught knitting er i was not terribly keen on this class because although i could i was taught to knit i kept dropping stitches
2267. and erm i think in the end they probably thought my glands possibly had been tb and i was poorly probably from about oh i don't know four four five months erm i was off school and erm i remember that christmas you know we didn't have a lot of toys or anything like that i mean you just couldn't buy them we were all on ration books and one
2268. anything like that so erm our teeth didn't keep near as well as erm no children do children's teeth do today yeah yeah erm well we i remember when i went to school we had penny chews and things like that and it was you know? they're absolutely awful for your teeth erm you know? but we had them erm but then we didn't
2276. the end but there must be some people that don't yeah they wouldn't've said that that's their thanksgiving that's their bloody christmas who's sending their children to school then too? give them a break mm do you want another cigarette? yeah go on then have you got water? yeah i've got a little bit here if you want there's enough for
2279. like four hundred people i was pleased to come like fiftieth or something mm but i came second in my school in year eight or something i can't remember the last year of middle school it's always horrible running in england as well cos it's always like boggy and r mm coming out with mud half up to your ankles and stuff mm doesn't make it particularly
2280. as well cos it's always like boggy and r mm coming out with mud half up to your ankles and stuff mm doesn't make it particularly easy i used to like running at school i ran by the river in that's nice but at certain times of the year there's so many bugs that you're just like constantly getting bugs in your eyes when you're trying
2281. bit of like reverse shock from like travelling for a year yeah and not working and like went into my job and i had to work at two different schools and the first week i just worked at one school and we had they call them typhoons they're not hurricanes but it's the same thing it just depends where in the world it is or it's a typhoon over in asia is that
2292. think it's like you know being anxious or something like that but don't know what's he got anxiety over? well i dunno erm about school or has he settled into school better now? cos when he first started going mum said he was that was a while ago now but yeah he got them then it was when when he first started at school yeah and he came co
2293. has he settled into school better now? cos when he first started going mum said he was that was a while ago now but yeah he got them then it was when when he first started at school yeah and he came cos he wasn't happy when he first went to school was he? no but erm i don't know i dunno what he gets anxious about really i think
2294. he was that was a while ago now but yeah he got them then it was when when he first started at school yeah and he came cos he wasn't happy when he first went to school was he? no but erm i don't know i dunno what he gets anxious about really i think it's just a part of growing up it happens to some people mm bless him
2299. snapping and it were just watching these leaves and they're huge things horse chestnut leaves and they were all spiralling down and that's what you used to do mm when you were a primary school teacher and you were you were able to be creative and act spontaneously and have a lot of fun right right now it's just mm vile mm it's just all prescribed and horrible so in australia
2300. as well that's right probably you better bring your parents down yeah well let's hear it then but they don't actually use that now because oh yeah they they lost it at grammar school you see oh right yeah yeah but i but you'd have to bring my mum's family home who who stayed in the east of sheffield east of sheffield what did mm say the other night he
2303. so was the was the show good at the? oh it was good it wasn't full last night which is a shame but it was good it was all about erm girls at a boarding school all jolly hockey sticks and it was all but it was funny i've s i've seen it before what's it called? oh have you? daisy pulls it off yeah yeah i didn
2307. i'd done a a primary school head teacher meeting and i was like oh that's weird i have no recollection of doing that at it said i went to and did a primary school head teacher uhu briefing and i was like uhu i have no remembrance of that whatsoever i do apparently i did it yeah you did yeah it's like er isn't that it's
2310. the is she from the caravan park? yeah yeah you from park? that's right love yes that's me mm i had that with a kid at sc i did an assembly at high school last monday and this youngster came up to me and i did recognise him but i could not remember his name or mm how i knew him and he mm he started talking and saying i kind of regret
2311. tonight i'm is that when you were on holiday with? don't worry i'm i'm large tonight we had this there was a group of like scabby kids at school but there was loads of them they had their own sort of language in a way that was ultimately abbreviated everything so like like not toos like everything was put into these like what's not too '
2312. know nothing man she's like just she put like come to my room closes the door behind her puts her hands against it she's like do you wanna know what i do all day at school? like no she's like flirt twat flirt oh flirt flirt what? how old is she? all day seven eight? seven does she even know what flirting is? that's all i
2313. she's like flirt twat flirt oh flirt flirt what? how old is she? all day seven eight? seven does she even know what flirting is? that's all i did at school primary school yeah but you don't er know what it is until you're at least a bit older she's well sexual man she's super super sexual yeah you told us the story
2320. mapped it blooming well wasn't down there it was turn right after the we found it though there's a brand new school right next to never used to be there when i worked at school i would have just gone for pizza instead not only do you have the ignominy of getting weighed but these bloody children's seats first school so you're sat on bloody stupid little kids '
2322. potter i've seen that in that er in london oh really? so yeah it's it's obviously if you if you're a scholar or if you want to teach latin at school yeah it's perfect isn't it? it is yeah but but what iis it popular now as it used to be latin? studying? well they're by now in britain there '
2324. hardly a state school left yeah that does the classics and if they they do it no more than say beyond up to rather gcses yeah the ones who read classics at university tend to be public school kids oh right what about universities they do they do they? yeah i mean liverpool still does it yeah er they certainly i i don't know about greek but they certainly do do latin but i '
2333. let's just say that mm? who has a daughter in the year below j no two years below isn't she? it is two years younger than you she's at was at school but they don't have a sixth form and she didn't want her to go to school and er they tried to get scholarships and that to go private but it didn't work out and
2334. below isn't she? it is two years younger than you she's at was at school but they don't have a sixth form and she didn't want her to go to school and er they tried to get scholarships and that to go private but it didn't work out and they couldn't really afford it and but she's gone to the catholic school this catholic comprehensive
2336. didn't work out and they couldn't really afford it and but she's gone to the catholic school this catholic comprehensive in i don't it does get a bit better results than school but i don't know how significant it is no they live at which i think is on the way to isn't it? where is it? said it's eight miles drive country roads
2337. ll be tracks not roads be terrible in winter and that obviously don't get gritted mm had a bit of snow last week she said i woke up cos she has to take her daughter to school to the train station rather for eight o'clock? to train station mm for eight o'clock yeah think it would be would it be about a half - hour drive? well the the problem is
2338. back of on the back of it so we were just like erm like basically i was arranging a date with this guy that i'd kind of been seeing who i went weirdly went to school with and was best friends with his brother don't ask long long story was he hot? but erm huh? was he hot? yeah cos sometimes i think if you go on those kind
2339. long long story was he hot? but erm huh? was he hot? yeah cos sometimes i think if you go on those kind of dates where it's like people you went to school with who i mean no we'd been like seeing each other oh right okay yeah yeah what? you mean you were like just getting it out of your system? mm mm oh yeah i mean yeah
2340. they they didn't catch his feet he was such a oh he was such a sweet boy i f i f hope he's okay he wrote that he used to like when we were at school he used to write these lists and he'd like he was quite like a he wasn't a very handsome man ah he was a lovely chap and he had and he was quite and he
2341. know the grossness that like teenagers have? yeah yeah teenagers are quite gross he was just like quite an extreme example of that and he had like like kevin? he and i went to s primary school with him he had really sticky out ears then he got like his ears pinned back and it was like quite like ah ah it was but it was like quite bad like it was really obvious and like ah
2343. youth aspirational youth well it's also just like you need someone that has like like gets it yeah it's like not it's like not has not been er to a public school and like been looked after or has like you know fallen into like a good job i think i have that and been able to like buy a house at yeah an age which is deemed like socially appropriate yeah
2344. much ah poor oh no this is so mean guys he's that one like is? oh he looks alright oh he's sweet he's quite cute like he was that kid at our school this is his kind of humour what? no se puede m nostra la imagen porque des podria excitar i don't know what that means i wish i my my spanish
2345. sweet he just looks like a bit of a dweeb still think he looks nice? he's not got any clothes on ah this is this is one he's a kid at our school who was like that it was really sad actually he'd be oh it was so sad i think he wet himself once at school oh no error this person's picture is too sexy to display oh
2346. ah this is this is one he's a kid at our school who was like that it was really sad actually he'd be oh it was so sad i think he wet himself once at school oh no error this person's picture is too sexy to display oh my god that's bad classic oh was so sweet ah look poor's taken himself off facebook maybe he's dead who
2349. quite like this i quite like this tagline hooray finally i made it work mm made what work? the hat? the leather jacket the who was the boy that you fancied at school? who was the boy i fancied at school?? no i didn't fancy i fancied this guy this is actually quite embaembarrassing by the way and who
2350. ##y finally i made it work mm made what work? the hat? the leather jacket the who was the boy that you fancied at school? who was the boy i fancied at school?? no i didn't fancy i fancied this guy this is actually quite embaembarrassing by the way and who was the biggest bitch? this is really funny cos
2352. t really i was like definitely like p i like never got involved in their drama like i was like very peripheral yeah basically i di it sounds basically sounds like i didn't have any friends at school you did have friends i know you've got friends at school yeah whatever was the female version i was wasn't i? no you weren't i really fancied this guy at school
2353. in their drama like i was like very peripheral yeah basically i di it sounds basically sounds like i didn't have any friends at school you did have friends i know you've got friends at school yeah whatever was the female version i was wasn't i? no you weren't i really fancied this guy at school got he's just got legs what a babe oh he '
2354. you did have friends i know you've got friends at school yeah whatever was the female version i was wasn't i? no you weren't i really fancied this guy at school got he's just got legs what a babe oh he's such an arse no he's actually really nice oh he's so handsome is he? he's i mean he
2355. yeah funny ain't it? yeah mm mm so good oh that's funny who was the girl that everybody used to fancy? i had a big crush on this guy when i was at school we kind of had like a we had a ah he is like such an english gent my god so it would've been too much so ginge everyone used to fancy this girl i never i
2356. you can see why boots and tits ain't it? yeah yeah tits and the girl who this is the girl that i had a fight with i don't think he was this handsome at school to be honest who? let's see i don't think he was that that handsome at school did you go out with him? mm no we had like you know we had like a kind
2357. the girl that i had a fight with i don't think he was this handsome at school to be honest who? let's see i don't think he was that that handsome at school did you go out with him? mm no we had like you know we had like a kind of like teenage will they won't they? ah you were like the ross and rachel of school?
2365. ? have a good old think about it sit down here well let's find out help your daddy find out what's wrong tell what you were doing all last week for your extra classes after school you did some new sports classes didn't you? tell me about it mm what does mummy mean? how about starting the car up? you did new sports classes at school did you? did you
2366. your extra classes after school you did some new sports classes didn't you? tell me about it mm what does mummy mean? how about starting the car up? you did new sports classes at school did you? did you some? yeah what did you do last week? sports i done erm give me the key and i'll open it dodgeball and oh dodgeball football gymnastics oh that
2367. you do last week? sports i done erm give me the key and i'll open it dodgeball and oh dodgeball football gymnastics oh that's pretty cool all in one week at school? yeah that's a lot can we just have that a minute can we just have it a minute cos's you're chatting with and he can't hear you properly you '
2369. loved the way that they schooled does that sound? yeah yeah what you're taught about yeah erm and she came back with this idea of no none of the children have shoes on in school keep hold of it okay cos apparently erm they are what's the word? they're oh this is our gig we're going to and the butcherettes yeah like they're
2371. he hasn't come he hasn't contacted you has he? i didn't know he'd moved back to bristol bristol oh yeah he's been in bristol he teaches in a school as assistant doesn't he? well i don't know i don't know he's some sort of assistant at school he was but i mean don't want to play with that
2372. oh yeah he's been in bristol he teaches in a school as assistant doesn't he? well i don't know i don't know he's some sort of assistant at school he was but i mean don't want to play with that little boy? i hear about him once every six months so i don't really know once every year yeah how was when you were
2373. you do that for mate? he's looking at you like i know your type hold on sweetheart it's look you've got one up one down they won't get on in school no no these two he'll bully him no sporting i'll show you how to kick a ball this one will be in a band he'll play the trombone did he do it on purpose
2374. starting to well four thirty - five ish so yeah yeah i suppose traffic's going to be bad going back to be honest yeah it looked pretty bad going down yeah if it wasn't school and work tomorrow then i mean do you want to wait longer? or i don't think it will make a great deal of different if i'm honest hunger wise do you want to wait?
2375. do this thing on a saturday morning that erm just to have a try at all the athletics stuff you know the long jump and all of that oh nice did you do any sporty stuff at school? no i was sporty up until i went to secondary school and then if i'm honest i think being in a new school cos my primary school was a catholic school not because my parents
2376. a try at all the athletics stuff you know the long jump and all of that oh nice did you do any sporty stuff at school? no i was sporty up until i went to secondary school and then if i'm honest i think being in a new school cos my primary school was a catholic school not because my parents were catholic it was just a good school in that area and most
2378. you do any sporty stuff at school? no i was sporty up until i went to secondary school and then if i'm honest i think being in a new school cos my primary school was a catholic school not because my parents were catholic it was just a good school in that area and most almost well all of my friends went to different high schools secondary schools so i didn't have
2379. ##y stuff at school? no i was sporty up until i went to secondary school and then if i'm honest i think being in a new school cos my primary school was a catholic school not because my parents were catholic it was just a good school in that area and most almost well all of my friends went to different high schools secondary schools so i didn't have a middle school i
2381. school not because my parents were catholic it was just a good school in that area and most almost well all of my friends went to different high schools secondary schools so i didn't have a middle school i just had a primary school and an upper school okay that's what gonna doing yeah so i stayed there until i was eleven and when i changed i think when i went to that new school i
2382. catholic it was just a good school in that area and most almost well all of my friends went to different high schools secondary schools so i didn't have a middle school i just had a primary school and an upper school okay that's what gonna doing yeah so i stayed there until i was eleven and when i changed i think when i went to that new school i just lost some of my confidence
2383. a good school in that area and most almost well all of my friends went to different high schools secondary schools so i didn't have a middle school i just had a primary school and an upper school okay that's what gonna doing yeah so i stayed there until i was eleven and when i changed i think when i went to that new school i just lost some of my confidence in competing with all
2385. pay for herself if she wants to go cos they're only allowing five members of staff to go really? er but she's going to new zealand so she's taking time off school i was gonna pay half and say oh poor let but she's going to new zealand at christmas and i thought to myself no yeah i paid well why are you going? i paid last time why
2386. one with the beard he was an absolute bastard he was back then no you have to have to turn round and he's just come round the corner now oh but he was an absolute bastard at school isn't he the one that got told off for wanking under the table? yeah yeah yeah he got you see that sort of thing we can laugh about now but the things that the kids do
2390. think oh there is forty - seven nine who were they playing? tonga? yeah and it oh what a brilliant guess er yeah it was er school went to er school as it's called now school went to erm not hall where they were staying but park yeah park in here? erm yes er i don't like school it's to make them oh they were doing a they were
2393. a wait a minute have there been on three? no two tuscany belgium about to be barcelona and then we do one in sixth form as well you get four across your sch your three in your school life and t and one in your sixth form could you erm go to the gaudi unfinished basilica of the family? oh they will do where's that? it's in barcelona it '
2394. m after i've moved that's a very good idea i'm not settled yeah you can pop in for you you know for a cup of coffee if your mum's busy after school mm don't have to get the bus home be great i'm looking forward to it hey this looks good erm mm do you have to pay for it or is it free? oh no
2395. involved with conversations about children unless you're a parent no you can't and then they'd be like yeah it's just so hard to understand that they come home one day from school and they just they don't care about your opinions anymore and they think that they know what they're doing and i was like yep what's up to this weekend then? is actually in
2396. up bright and early tomorrow yeah? on sunday yeah what's your meal plan for tomorrow then? something it's funny you should say that i had macaroni cheese this lunchtime at school wwhy were you planning to run thirteen miles no this afternoon as well? no no no no no no no no i was it was there was a r sensible question no but what i'm
2397. today and i said the eleventh of september i went oh my god it's nine eleven fourteen years forgot all about it yeah so did i and where were you when it happened? i was at school i know you were cos mr called us all in to watch the tv i don't remember that mrs mrs rang in to say everybody switch the tv on and mr switched the tv on and went
2398. your head? no cos they were only twenty - one when they died yeah and harry was born in nineteen eighty he was i googled it this week because harry potter's son went to school this year harry potter is thirty - five years old if you were born in eighty no yes yes he is mum i googled it this week well you no no cos the gravestone no if you
2399. ' d never go yeah exactly no he was coughing again mm i don't know is i've sent your lovely son in a pair of pyjamas or a pair of clothes to school cos they all look the same to me no they were cool he was wearing his trackies the blue tracky bottoms? little trackies blue trackies blue trackies yeah he was looking fashionable he
2400. well supply are expensive aren't they really? yeah yeah my husband was actually thinking about doing supply cos he's on a temporary contract at the moment hmm eh he's a primary school teacher hmm and what he did when we first moved into this area from is that he took like a long - term supply for about eight weeks or something uh in a school in and i think he really
2402. me and i was like go away go away yeah she's i can understand that she likes to play with her team whatever there's a time for playing competitively and then there's school yeah and you've got to understand that nobody's very good yeah and we don't think really what if she's playing badminton on wednesday fine for me yeah that's cos
2405. lovely boy oh is he or how's he getting on? no no think bigger thing bigs yeah don't him that oh no that's what no the kids are calling him at school oh no isn't that horrible? ssomeone should have warned her about that yeah yeah i know so anyhow you know all the since she came back fr she's from her holidays in
2408. we don't like them so what's i said well and then she became a school i said well it they have their own vegetables though don't they? y and she became a school chef but she's a school chef no she was she wasn't she wasn't no she wasn't cooking any vegetables so how's the school then? anyhow she's
2409. what's i said well and then she became a school i said well it they have their own vegetables though don't they? y and she became a school chef but she's a school chef no she was she wasn't she wasn't no she wasn't cooking any vegetables so how's the school then? anyhow she's depressed oh she can't come
2413. that because the photos are inside they won't look as good as other years when they've been outside so he might not get invited back we had erm stone a stone age man in school for two hours he was huge he did that sounded good yeah the kids well actually he didn't do much he just dressed up in a loincloth can you get power down in and showed them
2415. who was used for oh herbie carrot? herbie carrot herbie's birthday and everything yeah yeah his name they don't give us herbie at secondary school he's only primary school herbie there are too many obligations and northumberland have a clown a clown? did the last one you know his does this one for oh i forgot to get last week's i got the other two
2417. changes in per day yeah so um it's not like a sort of older um child maybe or not a teenager where they would only need like one thing to wear or uh plus plus the school school uniforms and i don't know everyone likes a bit costume change lady gaga style yeah i don't know much about lady gaga really i don't like she wore meat meat one time didn '
2418. made it up then good old boris uh it's just it's something it's the sort of expression you'd know if you if you've come gone to the kind of school that boris johnson went to i'd imagine yeah well uh did boris johnson go to eton then? um i think so cos there was a programme about him with at the bullingdon club wasn '
2425. and mm that man on erm on lane he says hi to me as if he knows me i've never spoken to him before it was just a random day he must've been at school just one random time that he'd he he just like i'd never seen him before and he just went hi you alright? how have you been doing? i'm like good who are
2426. ' ll start costing you less to make them s so that's gonna be nought point nought seven w isn't it yep you can tell i didn't pass maths at school i don't know why you're learning quickly then again i can't believe i'm teaching maths cos you're a teacher yeah i know but english not maths i
2427. that six because that's into seven? because the eight is higher than five yep yep okay that's the only logic you need to apply how am i gonna teach ava when she goes to school? hopefully they'll have teachers that are pretty competent god babe i can really smell garlic huh huh what did you eat? um um what was it? chicken was it nice? something? oh it
2428. of stock so but it's i think it'll come back into stock soon cos the other ones they're in stock and yesterday i was looking at rucksacks for my school bag and i just did not know i found this nice on in jack wills are you going to get a school bag for christmas as well yeah because my one is already falling apart it's not co
2435. lent where you just really can't have any or it doesn't count four weeks mm now it's forever i'm allowed to have i'm not hooked anymore i love at school they were like so yeah so it it's meant to be for thirty days lent's actually longer than thirty days so you can have whatever you've given up on sundays it's like
2436. whatever you've given up on sundays it's like well giving it up for six days isn't doesn't count does it stupid idea yeah that's what we were told at school or er some of the re teachers i think they'd given up something and um didn't wanna not have it er it's lent now of course mm mm so wow there's a
2437. little thing about how they filmed it and er me and heather were just beside ourselves with excitement how old were you? well they were on when we were seven or eight? when you were at primary school i was massively into them in primary school oh it used to be scooby - doo followed by famous five well i used to go round my gran's after school so me and my sister
2438. me and heather were just beside ourselves with excitement how old were you? well they were on when we were seven or eight? when you were at primary school i was massively into them in primary school oh it used to be scooby - doo followed by famous five well i used to go round my gran's after school so me and my sister would go round and watch scooby -
2439. you were at primary school i was massively into them in primary school oh it used to be scooby - doo followed by famous five well i used to go round my gran's after school so me and my sister would go round and watch scooby - doo and famous five with my gran it was nice i dunno why we used to go round my gran's damn that '
2440. well the first episode i saw basically it was my eleventh birthday eleventh twelfth twelfth birthday anyway for my birthday maybe eleventh and um must've been ele yeah and um my friends came round from from school and they both watched it and they were like huh we've gotta watch eastenders tonight sarah somebody's giving birth so me my two friends and my mum watched this episode of eastenders where sonia give birth
2441. chinese holidays plus the foreign holidays well well we only got two days it depending on what for christmas and a day for well new year it's more than some people because's kids were at school yeah for christmas day yeah he said oh it worked out really nice we we got to relax on our own for the morning bit got all the food ready and they yeah came back from school three o '
2442. were at school yeah for christmas day yeah he said oh it worked out really nice we we got to relax on our own for the morning bit got all the food ready and they yeah came back from school three o'clock opened their presents yeah he said they opened them with their cousins in yeah so it was morning in yeah and they were opening all the presents together? that's nice yeah that '
2444. has like she's fucking done it do you know what i mean? like and like fucking can't go out with the like lads there because fucking she's had history with mm at school mm erm so like do you know what i mean though? like it's just everyone's the same like it's all it's all like a big like so we try i
2445. ' re like we never had that kind of relationship with the boys like ever but we did do a lot with them like yeah but i still don't th obviously when when we're at school it was like i still think we were friends though no no not at all like we more had that more with like and that lot i think i know mm when it was oh no i've got
2448. ' ve got four years yeah mm i suppose that's one good thing at least they won't actually be able to say it to my face mm mm it's going to be like school though isn't it yeah it's definitely going to be like school i literally couldn't imagine anything worse it's going to be like it's going to be like school mm i
2449. at least they won't actually be able to say it to my face mm mm it's going to be like school though isn't it yeah it's definitely going to be like school i literally couldn't imagine anything worse it's going to be like it's going to be like school mm i think and i wouldn't go back to school i thought school was great
2451. going to be like school i literally couldn't imagine anything worse it's going to be like it's going to be like school mm i think and i wouldn't go back to school i thought school was great hmm well then maybe you'll get on fantastically getting quite sore now it has to be said you should stop eating do you need a second sitting? yeah i need to
2452. like school i literally couldn't imagine anything worse it's going to be like it's going to be like school mm i think and i wouldn't go back to school i thought school was great hmm well then maybe you'll get on fantastically getting quite sore now it has to be said you should stop eating do you need a second sitting? yeah i need to have a rest
2453. sore now it has to be said you should stop eating do you need a second sitting? yeah i need to have a rest to be honest i'm more concerned about cos my friends at school were all boys so i was used to be around that type of yak language mm mm but they all knew not not to go there with me erm but i'd i'd join in
2454. see if we can get them get a film i can make it go go gadget arms yes go go ga ah inspector gadget i used to love that programme it was amazing it reminds me of school holidays because i think that's when they used to put it on in the summer oh did they? it reminds me of the school holidays i'll get you gadget that was always one of
2455. used to love that programme it was amazing it reminds me of school holidays because i think that's when they used to put it on in the summer oh did they? it reminds me of the school holidays i'll get you gadget that was always one of my favourites is gadget actually gadget was pretty good danger mouse dm why don't i remember danger mouse? probably a little
2457. difference and also she's hanging out with you yeah but no but the thing is's nuts she says sshshe says some weird shit man yeah but i don't even go to school i know but i always see her and she's like and like i just go along with it yeah she was she was there the other day and er i heard her voice and i muttered fucking hell
2458. s on my flight? who's? is yeah that's what i said is j erm an old friend of's are you still doing christmas at erm who i was at school with who's are you still doing christmas at erm's? yeah good but without what are you doing? i'm getting on a plane mate how are you getting to? in a
2460. what i mean? so it's really difficult that's so awful and i mean they don't know what's wrong who's the oldest one she's just started high school she'll be eleven and then nature can be so cruel sometimes can't it? i know so she's kind of cottoning on cos they've got the stairlift put in
2461. ' s like a rivalry or whatever it's called r rivalry yeah yeah rivalry yeah is there? yeah there is rivalry as long as they don't beat people up on the way home from school it's alright who? you? do you? no do you fight with? don't you they always used to have a bundle do you like northgates? they're alright oh
2462. didn't i fall off a? did i fall off a swing or something? yeah mm mm hmm that's really the only play i've done i think i've at primary school we had loads of plays yes we've got videos of you oh i have one when i was an angel or star we've got and you we've got videos of you oh my friend
2463. got videos of you oh i have one when i was an angel or star we've got and you we've got videos of you oh my friend brought one of me and her at pre school of doing a play it was so embarrassing yeah yeah we have yeah huh i was like we've got one with you at pre school and you're with er and you all had to say something
2464. you oh my friend brought one of me and her at pre school of doing a play it was so embarrassing yeah yeah we have yeah huh i was like we've got one with you at pre school and you're with er and you all had to say something that come to and he goes hmm hmm hmm he's still like that which? round the corner from us oh is he? yeah
2468. oh it was really funny i remember yeah what? fifty c c yeah i remember who lived near us mm had a little erm moped thing and it just went and she used to drive to school on that or maybe it was sixth form i can't remember yeah mm mm you don't even a license do you? no i don't think so no i don't think so
2469. a bit like nelson like like napoleon napoleon napoleon i had to do wrestling i had to do wrestling in my p e lesson wrestling? i played stuck in the mud stuck in the mud when? at school is there a load of mud at school and we had to go round all different stations and then we had to do arm wrestling i lost every single game and this girl she won't even trying and
2471. you want somebody to fo if you want somebody to do you a good service he recommends certain people out to his network and then they follow you i'm making a crumble on wednesday at school i might do blackberry do you want rhubarb? i don't like rhubarb okay i might do blackberry blackberry and apple where are you getting blackberry from? i don't
2473. they just took one of your pictures off the internet and then you found it in a magazine later on no they just tweet it yeah uh never you'll ever guess what i made at school chocolate marsh mellow and walnut i like lamb did you? why didn't they get them from the school canteen? because it was fourth period oh so are you starting that new job on tuesday?
2478. they? i thought it was a new thing no they've been out ages we have them do you? are they any good? what do they do? yeah but they're always at school but they have been qualified yeah they're qualified teachers some of the yeah these these are sub these are basically substitute teachers that are like are in school in case a teacher goes home ill really quickly or
2481. he's a hunt and fish and shooting kind as well is he well he's a decent chap you know he's well well educated right one of us yeah went to the right school obviously he must have done must have done dear boy you know erm you think if that's on the other side i'm not sure which side i'm really on here i know le
2489. four hundred and twenty - eight pictures on my phone mm and some and some mm some video but i'm what i'm doing at the moment is talking a lot of erm pictures from school stuff what they're making at school oh right mm i see yeah and do you print them out? yeah for the for the school? yeah well these are coursework pictures yeah? so this is
2490. my phone mm and some and some mm some video but i'm what i'm doing at the moment is talking a lot of erm pictures from school stuff what they're making at school oh right mm i see yeah and do you print them out? yeah for the for the school? yeah well these are coursework pictures yeah? so this is a box that's full of electronics
2493. to somebody this is what they've said mm and she says well what does it mean? unauthorized? i said it means that we're not authorizing your daughter's day off from school right but what does it mean? it means we're not au we're not authorizing it so it's not having a code in there it'll have a code in there which
2495. said you don't understand that do you? and she went not really no so i said look if you start in september and you're here for the full week i says five days at school equals a hundred percent a hundred percent yeah if you're here for the second week at school ten days of school equals a hundred percent so you can see her mind going over i said but if you
2496. look if you start in september and you're here for the full week i says five days at school equals a hundred percent a hundred percent yeah if you're here for the second week at school ten days of school equals a hundred percent so you can see her mind going over i said but if you have a day off in those two weeks it goes down to ninety percent this is the easiest way
2497. in september and you're here for the full week i says five days at school equals a hundred percent a hundred percent yeah if you're here for the second week at school ten days of school equals a hundred percent so you can see her mind going over i said but if you have a day off in those two weeks it goes down to ninety percent this is the easiest way i can yeah put
2499. and then she says what about court? and i thought oh okay i said er where's court come in all this? well i've been told that if i don't go to school my mum's gonna go to court i said yeah that's true yeah i says but i don't really think that's very fair on your mum when it's you that is
2500. but i don't really think that's very fair on your mum when it's you that is m that is saying as a sixteen - year - old i'm not coming to school that's right i says but your mum will get the fine your mum could have the fine of two and a half thousand pound mm i said or a month in prison if your mum can't
2501. one of my daughters i says but from what i gather you give your mum a lot of grief why? all she's doing is being a a parent telling you you've gotta go to school yeah yeah yeah i said do you want an easier life or do you want it a hard life where you're arguing all the time? cos it's cos what i've picked
2502. ' s also like hm er c it's a it's a culture thing isn't it a culture mm it is a culture thing trouble is i mean you you said from going to school that you were never given the the even thought that you could go on to further education never or anything never given the chance left school early didn't even know there was a further education whereas it was
2503. a culture thing trouble is i mean you you said from going to school that you were never given the the even thought that you could go on to further education never or anything never given the chance left school early didn't even know there was a further education whereas it was pushed my school you went on to do s but was that because again back to that area well mm i don't know but
2506. area well mm i don't know but we were expected as a secondary school to take up not the academics the the apprenticeship route but the apprenticeship route and when y when you were fifteen you left school and worked a year before you got your apprenticeship so we had to work a year to see if you were any good yeah and if you were any good you er you got an apprenticeship got offered an apprenticeship
2507. says but you're not won't be the first person that in five years time or ten years time or fifteen years time will turn round and say i wish i'd have tried at school yeah mm i says because the majority of people that at your stage five ten fifteen it will happen you'll say you wish you'd have tried when you realize you're not getting everything that
2508. fifteen you do try you try it on course you do mm that's what teenagers are about and you know and cer certainly when you're sixteen when you're just about to leave school you are trying it on in parties or whatever yeah it's you you you do but it's when it's not it's when it's the it's happening on a
2515. didn't know about it until last year cos my friend went erm the one that my that i told you about like who's here as well mm who who went to my primary school yeah yeah like you said like was like oh he goes there and i was like oh what's? and then i looked it up did you look from pictures on the website of it and stuff?
2516. it feels like they've been like that all their lives like they've just found it easier generally like for me i found it easier at sixth form mm whereas my sister found it easier throughout school life but she struggled when she got to sixth form kind of thing mm so i found a levels easier but is she in her second year then? yeah yeah she's at a2 now and she '
2521. erm from a state yeah sstate schools they never mention that that they get an extra hour if you go a private school you you've had an extra hour an additional half day saturday at school yeah yeah every week that you've been at school yeah plus hours for each day plus additional hours so five five hours a week every single day so the sum of your education is twice as long is
2522. mention that that they get an extra hour if you go a private school you you've had an extra hour an additional half day saturday at school yeah yeah every week that you've been at school yeah plus hours for each day plus additional hours so five five hours a week every single day so the sum of your education is twice as long is is vastly yeah longer yeah longer than someone from a state
2524. every single day so the sum of your education is twice as long is is vastly yeah longer yeah longer than someone from a state school five times a hundred and fifty - two cos you see state school students i mean you know old a level students wandering home at half three four oh well schools finish at three well yeah we'd be midway through your day yeah exactly yeah you still have two hours or
2535. lovely they are they are lovely people aren't they mm and they're they're all they're all so laid back you know hm when we first met er we went up the school with yeah she taught up the school and cos she taught up the school she was a teacher up there yeah up the school and mm and she saw us and said oh you keep goats don't
2536. aren't they mm and they're they're all they're all so laid back you know hm when we first met er we went up the school with yeah she taught up the school and cos she taught up the school she was a teacher up there yeah up the school and mm and she saw us and said oh you keep goats don't you? we got in front of
2537. re they're all they're all so laid back you know hm when we first met er we went up the school with yeah she taught up the school and cos she taught up the school she was a teacher up there yeah up the school and mm and she saw us and said oh you keep goats don't you? we got in front of us waiting for her results and everything how
2539. up the school and mm and she saw us and said oh you keep goats don't you? we got in front of us waiting for her results and everything how she's getting on at school? see how how she was getting on at school mm and all we talked about was goats mm and we've been friends ever since she apol she did apologize afterwards she said i'm afraid
2540. said oh you keep goats don't you? we got in front of us waiting for her results and everything how she's getting on at school? see how how she was getting on at school mm and all we talked about was goats mm and we've been friends ever since she apol she did apologize afterwards she said i'm afraid your time's up i'm very sorry
2542. just staying carrying on through and then when it gets to the end yeah but it fits there'll be people working yeah mm but then when it gets to the end of may the kids stay at school until half past one and then that's it oh so it's too hot in the afternoons too hot to be at school yeah but your kids can stay at school they have like lunch clubs co
2543. then when it gets to the end of may the kids stay at school until half past one and then that's it oh so it's too hot in the afternoons too hot to be at school yeah but your kids can stay at school they have like lunch clubs cos not ev loads of them will get collected by their grandparents yeah and taken by their grandparents cos parents are at work mm but
2544. may the kids stay at school until half past one and then that's it oh so it's too hot in the afternoons too hot to be at school yeah but your kids can stay at school they have like lunch clubs cos not ev loads of them will get collected by their grandparents yeah and taken by their grandparents cos parents are at work mm but a lot of them will stay at like
2545. are at work mm but a lot of them will stay at like lunch clubs cos nobody can collect them mm it's quite inconvenient for parents there's a lot of after school yeah to have to be around to pick them up to bring them back to take them back yeah very inconvenient mm yeah cos one of my private classes there's these two girls who
2546. classes there's these two girls who get picked up by their like nanny i play with them in english for an hour and do crafts and then they have their lunch and then they go back to school mm so their parents obviously feel like they've got to fill that time fill that big time yeah so i just take ticket to ride which they love ah when in some schools here they have breakfast clubs
2547. ride which they love ah when in some schools here they have breakfast clubs apparently yeah mm they call it wraparound care so that they can go to breakfast club and then they can go to afternoon after school club yeah so you could drop a child off at eight o'clock yeah until six o'clock which if you've got strange isn't it? well i think it's there if
2549. could just be having rubbish so we had chickens so they used to go and collect the eggs from the chickens ah which was nice for them that was nice and then some of them used to stay after school even though their parents could look after them because they needed the help with the homework and they knew that if they went home no one was helping them at home they would just be sitting in front of the
2551. help yeah so who was running that? the teachers or the no like extra tas? tas mm cos if you get free schools meals you can get a free breakfast club and free after school club oh i see so and a school is judged on its numbers of free school meals that's how they judge a school completely mm what do you mean completely? that's how a school gets
2553. ##s? tas mm cos if you get free schools meals you can get a free breakfast club and free after school club oh i see so and a school is judged on its numbers of free school meals that's how they judge a school completely mm what do you mean completely? that's how a school gets its funding it's entirely based on its number of free school meals so not
2556. of free school meals that's how they judge a school completely mm what do you mean completely? that's how a school gets its funding it's entirely based on its number of free school meals so not not grades not no in terms of when the government l just looks at a school and sso they'll say so for example that school in or whatever mm they'll go right
2561. ' s got sixty children so it has to have this amount but then they have a thing called pupil premium which then gives as school more money and that's based completely on the number of free school meals cos they think if for every child that needs free school meals then obviously they have to give a bit of extra money because there obviously there's gonna be some kind of extra need that they
2562. then they have a thing called pupil premium which then gives as school more money and that's based completely on the number of free school meals cos they think if for every child that needs free school meals then obviously they have to give a bit of extra money because there obviously there's gonna be some kind of extra need that they might mm need to have so then that's why some of
2565. of tea as well cup of tea with the crust cut off of course oh yeah very important to have standards i've never played cricket in my life never you're missing out taught it in school no? we were taught baseball didn't they teach you welsh baseball didn't you do quick cricket? you played cricket yes i know yeah a long time i played cricket in the village you did
2566. go back she's too ill you know she's too frail so she she stayed on the farm and and went to the convent there was only my mother you know left and er she left school at sixteen yeah when my granny was ill and looked after the house and never went back to school again mm erm but she was desperate for my granny's erm to and mm you know to
2567. the farm and and went to the convent there was only my mother you know left and er she left school at sixteen yeah when my granny was ill and looked after the house and never went back to school again mm erm but she was desperate for my granny's erm to and mm you know to sort of say oh you're wonderful but it was yeah it was how mu how the boys
2568. you either mm and it's it's yeah it's up to erm you're doing it in conjunction with the kids but also the whole of the rest of society yeah their school their aunts their yeah their i mean even even their dad you know had yeah a bit of input in in there erm but it's not up to you no and that i thought yeah that
2569. mm but i mean i think that's cos was too young mm you know erm but they but he was from a different set set mm but both our fathers had gone to the same school and that kind of thing we were in the same catholic mm environment erm but so and then you know we were quite er apart from fr i i i could always makes friends you know mm er er
2570. it's just context for you isn't it? that's right that's right erm erm erm cos er because he's be he'll be starting school at some point or maybe starting a pre thing before that if there's there's not really much around but erm what erm what age do they start school at? erm it '
2571. he'll be starting school at some point or maybe starting a pre thing before that if there's there's not really much around but erm what erm what age do they start school at? erm it'll be two years for him two years for him yeah cos it's erm s he's october birthday so you just yeah yeah missed erm the mm
2572. three different jackets three different jackets and i was just like wwhere do you like had to get like three and of course he feels like terrible about it as well like i do and at school like every year every year they'll say oh yeah he's a good boy he's a very good boy but he's erm he gets very distracted he finds its hard to concentrate
2577. erm oh he's gonna be hungry when he goes out whawhat's right ah right yeah thank you where does it say daddy? where's that was lovely first day at school wasn't it er where's where where's daddy? where's daddy? granny can't find daddy that's daddy that's daddy no no i was trying to look
2579. cos she wasn't there on friday was she? she isn't she's not back? it was mrs and miss oh so she is poorly still no she was there oh at school mm but didn't teach us i don't know why is that normal on a monday? no who led the assembly today? mr well i asked mr about recording the assembly so he's
2580. hey mum i wonder if they put popping candy in this cos watch you wonder if they put popping candy? yeah well they don't but i know what you mean do they have lessons at school then? erm pardon? do do and have piano lessons at school? you can also get recorder and i think drum practice erm yeah you might be able to i don't think you can
2581. you wonder if they put popping candy? yeah well they don't but i know what you mean do they have lessons at school then? erm pardon? do do and have piano lessons at school? you can also get recorder and i think drum practice erm yeah you might be able to i don't think you can get drum practice no cos i remember like in summer time last year
2585. people especially in cooking who are who are dyslexic like from var with varying degrees er but then i think ba back to my sort of schooldays you know which was like grammar school or whatever and no like basically no one was dyslexic and it's obvious that it's not that all the you know intelligent people from that area all the intelligent girls from that
2588. prejudice comes from is erm education and class yeah totally a class thing like on that like like i i like it's yeah and like grammar is specifically like you know i went to a grammar school weirdly ironically where grammar like actual english language grammar was wasn't a big thing like it didn't ma it didn't like it wasn't a huge aspect of er of our education
2592. cares about helping people woah at six years old you're like taught like to think in that way that's crazy it's nuts i think i didn't get into a grammar school and i actually failed the tests mm really? how's that? dumb dumb fuck dumb fuck i'm s really then i reapplied to the same school for sixth form and then i
2598. you know how what a nice mother she is is this the polish yummy mummy equivalent? yeah uh i just no oh well i have a s just makes me a bit sad i have an old school friend on facebook who's so like that and i can't help but like her mm cos there's something you know she you see her posing in photographs and she's always doing
2602. so actually yeah i think i'd just not have children rather than pay to get rid of them yeah ppay to have someone else look after them yeah have nannies yeah send them to boarding school send them to a different country on summer holidays yeah yeah yeah craziness but if you've got the choice no i think my issue with children particularly young children it's a bit like i
2604. of people i thought i tried to do it where i'd like cover up the names and go if i can't recognise that person they're going yeah yeah there's people from school people from uni people who i met once at a party in two thousand and yeah seven don't know who that is oh god i've got some of those from i've got people
2605. won't it? i think they do yeah yeah i don't think they do them all weekends i don't think they do no no no so they might have to have time off school erm yeah mm oh what was i gonna say? i don't know because was saying i don't know whether to have the crema the cremation at the same place as mum
2606. me know and i text her back and said erm no i'm planning to come to it because whatever happens i will need to be here for the boys anyway and they'll be at school so it will be fine mm and then obviously she text me on can't remember what day it was and just said hope the weekend goes okay cos i told her we were going to go down
2608. as something like it could be like santa claus or like may maybe when i was very young the easter bunny or like a person yeah no you must've done that like i did that all through school like michael jackson or something well they they really uh they really teach you a lot of stuff don't they? me dad me dad was really good at it me dad uh made some really good ones
2610. play with my friend then i can and when you skype do you have anybody else skype that you don't know? no they're all people like that you've been to school with? yeah or people that i know from england like's friend that that might come round's house then i know him okay like? yeah he went round's house one time when i
2611. yet she hasn't you know she's still applying for jobs no i thought she she got whatever the er the whatever it's called no no she she applied for one at a private school she hasn't got it yet but well hold on i suppose hold on to the acceptance but yeah that's right that's all she can do is hold on the old erm off the
2616. thought oh my god i'd have been going home every day i i didn't come this way to work but cos i go through because it's not the school holiday er yeah school term but i was coming home this way every time and i was thinking jesus christ you get so used to the route every day you don't think about it you know where the gatso camera
2617. ve just heard it on the radio this morning they were there for radio no yeah i always look out for it and everything but usually it's happening like a week that i'm actually at school and i mean it was half is it not always on half term? no it it's sometimes like when i'm at school and i'm thinking well i can't like take the
2618. ' s happening like a week that i'm actually at school and i mean it was half is it not always on half term? no it it's sometimes like when i'm at school and i'm thinking well i can't like take the day off cos i don't on for like could be ten days isn't it? yeah and i thought part of that
2619. of you vampire yeah cos that's something you'd you've er been told yeah that's what we call a witch yeah yeah yeah we i think we read that in primary school did you? mm she eats children yeah cos they were saying well really it's more like a goddess and she's portrayed as bad but she's a bit of bad and a bit
2620. a goddess and she's portrayed as bad but she's a bit of bad and a bit of good really yeah i think it was weird yeah cos we you know in assemblies at primary school? they always used to like read us a story or something mm and i think they read us that one thought was i think this is the longer way you know up to the motorway this is a cut
2622. that was exciting yeah unfortunately you missed a lot didn't you? yeah i did cos i had to go out to work yeah see it going up yeah but then the girls came home from school and it was like wow we've got a house yeah cos they had been living in the blinking van and that cos they lived they hey lived in the caravan yeah and we lived in the
2623. s exactly the kind of thing she would've done yeah yeah that is a prime example of an upper class woman who would've been sent to secretarial college mm almost like a finishing school yeah you know? yeah of like have a learn a few skills a bit like yeah in the war in case like there was another world war two and they might be needed like you know to do some
2624. last government that took away the the child bonus wasn't it because yeah you think like yeah you put a thousand pounds into the bank and by the time they go in to do university or finish school yeah yeah that'll be a nice little pot for when they go and get a car or whatever yeah doesn't doesn't cost the government much no and you know it's it was
2626. job i couldn't do another another minute i can't do another minute i really need to i need to break out it's our neighbour if someone told you you had to go to school for the rest of your life how would you feel? i er i wouldn't mind depends on what kind of school though no the you know the the i've been in my mind is so
2628. but high vis or er h h look at the little w they're gonna b they're going off to do building little ones the little thingies you were like that they went to your school as well they go to your school you went to that school look this is what they turn into i can't say that feta cheese was very good but that salad was lush this is long man
2629. look at the little w they're gonna b they're going off to do building little ones the little thingies you were like that they went to your school as well they go to your school you went to that school look this is what they turn into i can't say that feta cheese was very good but that salad was lush this is long man i know it is long when you
2630. they're gonna b they're going off to do building little ones the little thingies you were like that they went to your school as well they go to your school you went to that school look this is what they turn into i can't say that feta cheese was very good but that salad was lush this is long man i know it is long when you're in france you
2632. there's probably one piece each week at least and sometimes there's more than that i think i might have a drink tonight hand it's like you're driving me home from primary school i know so have you been in touch with? yeah i just messaged him to get the number of the driving guy but that's a bit but i don't think he's in
2634. mm and they decided we need a children's day for so we need a children's day as well yeah yeah that's a good idea so we did used to be when they finished school mm yeah school holidays the the the other the other lovely thing about that is you plug a mic in off you go yeah you can plug a mic in and sing away yeah yeah well that see that '
2636. not free another weekend saturday sundays well that's a shame innit you know? mm that would've been good er but they were setting that up but i think because it was out of school holiday time i very quiet we walked have they still got the little? the train that you can go round? didn't see a train cos that's not at we've never been
2639. the youth the the youth club in the village said yes and and i said actually i think six to eleven no eight and nine or something i forget forget what it is but they're specific years school years only yeah i think it's the last year at and then they can still come their first year at the next school oh i see yeah so it keeps everything so all those people that come from
2644. that what it is? well or i dunno's always had his friends have always been in his peer group whereas my friends have not really er they've always been sort of even at school my friends were n lots not lots of them were not in school right but all's friends have always he's always been er accustomed to be friends with the people who does that mean that you
2645. had his friends have always been in his peer group whereas my friends have not really er they've always been sort of even at school my friends were n lots not lots of them were not in school right but all's friends have always he's always been er accustomed to be friends with the people who does that mean that you feel a bit isolated down there? erm not really i don
2647. of arts college oh really? yeah doing what? liberal arts what er what are liberal arts? liberal arts is an american humanities degree i told her that she sh probably shouldn't go to that school erm in her email she said you you were right about my school it's kind of crap erm but i just wrote back saying it doesn't matter what school you go to they '
2649. t go to that school erm in her email she said you you were right about my school it's kind of crap erm but i just wrote back saying it doesn't matter what school you go to they're all kind of crap they aren't you know are they all crap? well in to some er er some extent yeah they're not gonna they weren't in
2654. ? edible golf leaf? er something edible gold something she does a lot of she's very interested in er s erm in gardening and flowers and edible flowers on her cakes did she go to school to learn this? no she's erm dunno how she learnt it actually she never went to patisserie school or that's a wreath as well beetroot parsnip
2655. in gardening and flowers and edible flowers on her cakes did she go to school to learn this? no she's erm dunno how she learnt it actually she never went to patisserie school or that's a wreath as well beetroot parsnip and carrot cake spelt and c that sounds really amazing oh look at the tarts so it's just a it '
2656. they just you know had a really good education system for it which i think it's not bad but the girl the dutch girl on my course is doing it she didn't start learning at school until she was eleven and they have english television mm with no subtitles mm and it's a part of their culture almost now like but you'll hear young people talking dutch but then talking english
2657. le's group she was really good with them yeah who are the girls? whose kids are they? erm i'm not sure why is just not there? cos it was a school night or? cos she didn't want to go oh didn't she? no ah she's getting a bit shy yeah well it's cos she don't know anybody
2658. he's gonna i think he's gonna get bigger than yeah and he'll end up about six foot four six foot five bloody hell he still holds my hand when i take him to school oh no yeah he's still a little one isn't he? he's kind of soft really in some ways isn't he? oh he is he is he is quite erm
2664. just swap one for the other yeah wow yeah so they said it's so stupid they should be putting money into free kindergartens or free childcare for young people yeah childcare or whatever after school clubs erm and they said kindergartens and nurseries whatever they close at four yeah here but then i suppose to match or reflect working times yeah but they should be open more so people can but the
2666. past like i know he does stuff for her but what was all that about him using the car and him using this and she had stuff in the landing for him not so long ago and stuff from school yeah she's had a printer for him and she's stuff from school for him apparently he helps her out just as much apparently with what? i dunno being there as a friend? i
2667. using the car and him using this and she had stuff in the landing for him not so long ago and stuff from school yeah she's had a printer for him and she's stuff from school for him apparently he helps her out just as much apparently with what? i dunno being there as a friend? i dunno i don't like i don't know i don't
2668. to get rid of her so bad i know it's easy to say and it's it's never easy but yeah but come on now you're adults you're not in school any more are you? you're not he's yeah but we love each other and oh yeah she knows my family her f his family hates her yeah she knows my family that's that
2670. little i can imagine mm that's horrendous isn't it? all school kids should be compensation i would imagine that er we cos i get on the train with all the school kids yeah i imagine the stock answer is yeah we're gonna arrange a coach but it won't be it's never when they say they're gonna be it's like mm three
2671. matter entirely hmm we'll see about that well i'm gonna have to make i think you should teach children to have children you know? well yeah well absolutely there should be a lesson at school well that's fine parentcraft par parent classes absolutely i think that's fine er yeah well i you would've thought that part of the neonatal stuff was about that but i suppose that
2672. have a test you know? happy that would actually be really funny i might do it really won't i had the worst ever i had like got really convinced that i had testicular cancer at school i just had to go to the doctor i thought i had aids when i was at school because i read this article about how someone got aids from like a club somebody remember when there was that thing er
2673. won't i had the worst ever i had like got really convinced that i had testicular cancer at school i just had to go to the doctor i thought i had aids when i was at school because i read this article about how someone got aids from like a club somebody remember when there was that thing erm where like somebody had people like stab people with needles and shit yeah and i found this
2674. shit yeah and i found this inexplicable pin prick on my body and i was like oh got the aids oh shit man was well worried about yeah i was really scared of that at school cos you know like they come in and like give you lessons and be like don't be embarrassed about going to the doctor's and i was like i must have it i'm not
2675. totally different subject i found out that is a trained badass circus performer like she can do like trapeze unicycle like juggle like acrobatics like she went to circus school for years she's used to teach circus in romania to kids what? like travelled around like teaching circus shit and then she got kicked out of circus school for like her attitude when she started getting on
2676. ##robatics like she went to circus school for years she's used to teach circus in romania to kids what? like travelled around like teaching circus shit and then she got kicked out of circus school for like her attitude when she started getting on can imagine why was she in the circus? just he dad was like into it and then got her into it when she was like really young trained her up
2677. transcribing that it'd be fucking amazing like it'd probably be like let's kill the fucking arabs and it's like how's siobhan getting on at school then? just kill the fucking arabs my little brother like was like a massive massive computer game freak you know? like i guess all my brothers were to an extent but like now he lives with his girlfriend
2683. in foil cos she had hypothermia yeah right right yeah a non central heated bungalow of course of course erm and that was weird as well because it was when i was at school and i used to be taken to school but a neighbour whose daughter went to the same school and i was standing by his car on his drive waiting for them to come out of the house right cos
2684. ##othermia yeah right right yeah a non central heated bungalow of course of course erm and that was weird as well because it was when i was at school and i used to be taken to school but a neighbour whose daughter went to the same school and i was standing by his car on his drive waiting for them to come out of the house right cos they were faffing about and i
2685. heated bungalow of course of course erm and that was weird as well because it was when i was at school and i used to be taken to school but a neighbour whose daughter went to the same school and i was standing by his car on his drive waiting for them to come out of the house right cos they were faffing about and i heard an ambulance go by along the main road and
2686. all this? she makes them she's how do you get into that in the first place? she she didn't she was always a bit of a tearaway at college erm at school and decided to do beauty therapy instead of going to sixth form and from that she erm started up as a beautician erm but she's got awful allergies so she touches for
2688. ka says she'd hate it because you can't afford to actually do it up in any way so erm but he's just a sort of rather different background he was at private school all his life and but he's actually but and he is a seriously nice guy aw he's such easy company the the two boyfriend's actually resemble each other a little do you not think
2689. he got? he just erm which is another design a co a clothing sports clothing company want to use him for their mouth guards so he's go he's got he's got school he's got king edward school's girls and boys have said yes they want him to supply not which is the normal supplier so he's got some big contracts so he's doing everything
2692. sports teaching actually you you you're good at it with the hockey aren't you? well he did it he did it for a year a school didn't you? when you left school did it for a year yeah i i quite enjoy it yeah i quite enjoy the coaching stuff you are being a pain stop it do you want me to put him out? well he's been out
2693. momentum to learn and it was just their behaviour was pat appalling really? the violence the level of violence was appalling where was this? was it? in yeah and i went into school recently by a mistake i was actually looking for the primary healthcare trust building over there but it transpires my satnav took me there but i should've been over the road well it was
2699. can't do anything with him at home right so so what so can't you can't do anything in the school we can't do anything at home yeah and the girls saw school as a way out of home so they actually wanted to be there but then they were sort of preyed on by the boys and it was just he said it was just an absolute nightmare and a lot
2700. in their infinite wisdom thinks that's appropriate how is that safeguarding this child? i mean she was a nightmare but there has to be a better way than that so she was actually alright in school because she knew where the boundaries were but we had lots of kids coming from mainstream where they had just completely fallen by the wayside they're disruptive they can't they they they they just
2701. private lives put under the spotlight cos they've got on to television you know actually it's irresponsible broadcasting actually erm and i was in the i'd taken a school trip away we'd had this girl with us and i'd i'd said i wanted to take her cos i thought she needed to get away from home actually it was a bit of
2702. know i was alright and i did try and call but she wouldn't listen her mother was totally incapable of listening eventually we we sorted it and settled down but she's never going on a school trip again this is precisely why this poor kid needs to go away if you're brought up with that that's the norm yeah yeah and you have to shout to be heard except no one '
2703. who would have thought that was a good idea to go and join in because and then there's some parents interviewed there was one woman she was a teacher admittedly at a college not at a school and she said well how am i supposed to know where my sixteen year old son is at night? excuse me i know where my twenty - two year old son is he's at home and then
2704. don't and when they do get in a situation where they have to do something that they don't want to do then they just see it as something to fight against yeah yeah so yeah school uniform nightmare fighting a losing battle i think but it's part of the whole problem yeah no it's it's a really a difficult one i'm so so it's a shame
2706. infantilise? teachers i think though a lot of teacher i think particularly people who come out of university erm neve and and become teachers never actually are never anything other than a grown up school kid and they become sort of do you know what i could see that in the staff room oh the cattiness yeah they never grow up they never grow up it's a nightmare it used to
2707. more professional they have this thing that a lot of people have this thing that somebody owes me a living and and the teachers actually this this is about erm the pensions being changed i went in to school and someone said i've got to work until i'm sixty whatever and claim my pension it's appalling and i was thinking well but actually if you were in business you'd
2714. her able to help her so your younger sister she's how she's like you say she's nineteen? no so she's no my youngest is yeah so she's left school is she? yeah she's erm she's er she gets annoyed if i say it wrong but i say beauty therapist but she i think she calls it a spa therapist and she does like
2715. ever had maybe i can learn to drive by watching you? no you're not gonna learn by watching me not on the motorway you just put your foot down and point erm when does finish school? erm oh i can't get him to give me a proper answer he's i think he basically is back at easter cos he finishes i think he finishes next week but then he
2718. i tried to watch it i just i was like that with friends though when it first i think i think i used to like saved by the bell because it didn't it it was on before school but it didn't come on until nine in the morning so i knew if i was watching saved by the bell i'd managed to probably get off school it was on er honestly it was on
2719. ' t it it was on before school but it didn't come on until nine in the morning so i knew if i was watching saved by the bell i'd managed to probably get off school it was on er honestly it was on it was on like it was cos there used to be like the kids'tv on channel four yeah of a morning and then it would and then there '
2721. would and then there'd be like for some reason there was like these there was like this bits of tv for kids that like either hadn't gone to school yeah or weren't in school maybe it was for students i dunno yeah probably that students yeah that students can understand but erm i used to like cos the rugrats was on before school then it was like the sm
2722. or weren't in school maybe it was for students i dunno yeah probably that students yeah that students can understand but erm i used to like cos the rugrats was on before school then it was like the smurfs and the so snorks i do you remember the snorks? honestly i used to get up at like six in the morning to watch the snor
2723. nice yeah i know great and then i'd watch snorks and eat my rice krispies and then get up no one no no one got up no one got up when i went to school and my mum still has to do that for now and i was like no i well get like after a little while of doing that i was like no no i don't like eating in bed so
2724. but just will not get up and like you le unless you waft toast under her nose she just wouldn't have had breakfast otherwise she's like you and then she'd faint in school mum got hauled into school once cos she fainted was her and erm was her parenting called into question? yeah and it was like said she hasn't had any breakfast? and mum was
2725. up and like you le unless you waft toast under her nose she just wouldn't have had breakfast otherwise she's like you and then she'd faint in school mum got hauled into school once cos she fainted was her and erm was her parenting called into question? yeah and it was like said she hasn't had any breakfast? and mum was like yes does tell you
2726. have been about quarter past seven cos i was never have got up bef before seven but bear i mean i guess i mean it wasn't i used to get up at half six for school sometimes earlier but then but then the thing is that sometimes like you have to remember for me it was only we we had to leave for school at quarter to nine to get to from ours yeah and sometimes
2727. ' t i used to get up at half six for school sometimes earlier but then but then the thing is that sometimes like you have to remember for me it was only we we had to leave for school at quarter to nine to get to from ours yeah and sometimes like my parents would drive so it was like we'd just get to school at like ten to nine so like to be up at yeah
2728. for me it was only we we had to leave for school at quarter to nine to get to from ours yeah and sometimes like my parents would drive so it was like we'd just get to school at like ten to nine so like to be up at yeah no i so we had think i'm talking about like high schools that sort of thing oh like that super slow mo yeah ah so do
2729. ' t su i wasn't sure she'd know what i was talking about but she thinking what? because if they're of an age group where they may have made a calendar at school and stuck a thing on it they'll know what you mean mm but a lot of more recent children may not have done that no as a craft activity i mean it still seems to be you can
2732. ' t i don't i don't think i've ever met her so she could be like five years older than me mm but she wasn't i don't know what school she went to maybe i dunno probably i would guess yeah yeah well it's a bit much isn't it? cos you've er erm if you've got your father
2733. all about the the posher people it seems well did but i used to like the social history and did social history but there was so little it wasn't i mean perhaps it was done at school some of them yeah but it wasn't it wasn't thought worthy of university oh no no university didn't want to be thinking about things like that oh no and the national trust whatever it
2734. a minor erm yes yeah and that was i mean there were other things too and they just weren't weren't jobs yes and stuff with biology was very limited and when i was at school i wanted to do design stuff in art choosing erm er things from the biology slides you know yes when you put make a slide and you stain it? yes and use the shapes and the colours from
2735. it's not just the paedophile's life that he's affecting it's all of the family what if they've got kids? what if they're in secondary school? that those children and like everyone sees it on facebook oh like your dad's a paedo and their life is now a misery because of what the dad's done exactly exactly and the there
2743. yeah well the point of leathers is that leather is very tough and okay tough is the wrong word mm it doesn't wear we did an experiment it's got a in science in primary school we had to rub sandpaper for er two minutes on to different materials yeah and leather you can't make a scratch on you know ha er i'm not sure you can do that love presumably
2749. but i'm happy to do so if needs be i guess someone needs it's not really a skill that gets taught i think these days carving no when you like have like knitting classes at school we would get go out to carving class i missed out on the knitting classes eh it's okay if the oh okay cos apparently after em for the year after as long as they're not
2750. okay cos apparently after em for the year after as long as they're not nineteen they're allowed to come oh okay yeah so that's why he so the year after they leave school it's kind up to them really whether they come in february and whether they come for november i'm surprised they want to come back in november yeah i'm surprised they would be i think
2751. anything really say that again? but peanut nigella uses peanut butter in places that they shouldn't like cookies and things had a no that's really tasty had a had a friend at school who made peanut butter cookies according to her recipe like for her food tech and peanut butter and chocolate together is good i was going to say if peanut butter sandwich instead of having peanut butter that was that home
2752. to her recipe like for her food tech and peanut butter and chocolate together is good i was going to say if peanut butter sandwich instead of having peanut butter that was that home economics when you were at school? i was going to say what was it called when you were at school? alright home economics actually it's combined science no combined science? but surely that's very different to no it was
2753. good i was going to say if peanut butter sandwich instead of having peanut butter that was that home economics when you were at school? i was going to say what was it called when you were at school? alright home economics actually it's combined science no combined science? but surely that's very different to no it was really weird we my gsce home economics was combined with did you even do
2755. of starting work it has to be over fourteen doesn't it to pass em? does it? actually it's not anymore my uncle though was saying that one time when he em was at school em the boiler had broken but they thought they you know everyone cou like the school kids had just gone in to secondary school so half the class didn't come in most of the teachers couldn '
2757. anymore my uncle though was saying that one time when he em was at school em the boiler had broken but they thought they you know everyone cou like the school kids had just gone in to secondary school so half the class didn't come in most of the teachers couldn't get in and eh so they just sent them on outdoor pe they just had to run round the the town that we live
2761. s definitely going to be open eh all the snow will have gone by tomorrow and it's like why are you ruining my hope my dream? well since kids aren't actually at work at school the kids can't go home if it's cold like legally yeah i was going to say but staff are at work and therefore sort of act applies yeah what i found really funny was when i
2763. and then i was just looking at the door and she was there and i was like she was like and i was like and i was just calm wave at me like one time i was walking to school and waved at me and i didn't wave back? oh she waved at me and i was just like mm and she sort of smiled and but we were on the other side of the street so
2765. she asked me she goes what do your parents do? and i go oh yeah my mum works in a library my dad is a teacher is this in french or english? yeah and she goes what school does he teach in? in french yeah and i go oh he doesn't teach in a school like in english and she goes well just make it up and i was like oh okay and then afterwards
2771. ' t yeah i'm getting a bit yeah i blame the bike i think i lot i lost no honestly cos i think i lost a lot of well yeah weight from walking to and from school and cos i don't walk any more i'm on the bike yeah yeah you're actually yeah using less energy you should maybe ride a bit quicker make it a bit more er vigorous
2772. ##hen i was about ten yeah and it was it was a bit yeah it changed yeah and we moved a lot of times so i think that caused oh right we only moved once you know like changing school oh right i changed school like three times or something it's oh i never changed school was pretty hard yeah i bet it is yeah mind you i hated school yeah still do left school with two cs
2773. yeah and it was it was a bit yeah it changed yeah and we moved a lot of times so i think that caused oh right we only moved once you know like changing school oh right i changed school like three times or something it's oh i never changed school was pretty hard yeah i bet it is yeah mind you i hated school yeah still do left school with two cses which is mm i
2775. only moved once you know like changing school oh right i changed school like three times or something it's oh i never changed school was pretty hard yeah i bet it is yeah mind you i hated school yeah still do left school with two cses which is mm i kind of regret it but i think i just couldn't listen couldn't concentrate no i didn't like it for me i
2779. lot of overlap isn't there? with the yes jobs particularly if you stay working with teenagers yeah or something mm from the present uhu so you might get a job then? you know in school maybe maybe yes yes mm they used to have a i said to a counsellor in years all those years ago yeah that's good yes full time lady it's surprising mm yes it was yes
2780. ' t read it all cos it's quite a long article no i didn't but it's interesting but that was actually always one of grandpa's arguments for sending to boarding school because er particularly then you did do a lot better yeah than if you went to state school yeah i think still mm yes well it sounds like it certain industries yeah yes like journalism it's all yes
2781. t but it's interesting but that was actually always one of grandpa's arguments for sending to boarding school because er particularly then you did do a lot better yeah than if you went to state school yeah i think still mm yes well it sounds like it certain industries yeah yes like journalism it's all yes private school yes mm children mm mm but it said towards the end of the article cos
2782. particularly then you did do a lot better yeah than if you went to state school yeah i think still mm yes well it sounds like it certain industries yeah yes like journalism it's all yes private school yes mm children mm mm but it said towards the end of the article cos i skip read it that people from state schools erm will actually stick at their jobs longer ah right than people who have
2788. a good melon yeah oh first world problems do you remember that song? i am i am just a melon melonch oh m the melancholy flower melancholy yeah we used to sing that at school melancholy flower mely con flow i'm just a melon i'm just a melancholy mm flower yeah we used to sing that i think at we used to sing that i never heard of that
2789. way to have an art artist's career erm he's not he's basically not doing the he needs success he just does it because he's compelled he only went to art school he went to art school in edinburgh which was very you know and serious course and he paints most days and he's got a studio so you know it's all a serious operation again i '
2790. artist's career erm he's not he's basically not doing the he needs success he just does it because he's compelled he only went to art school he went to art school in edinburgh which was very you know and serious course and he paints most days and he's got a studio so you know it's all a serious operation again i'm so sorry i just
2793. there was a pirate poo poo pants no a goat mm? eating grass on a farm no they don't have to make sense there was a banana eating but flowers on a on a school ground but is this what you play at school? erm no but it might be interesting to see the results okay let's start well explain the game a bit more to me? so i '
2794. no a goat mm? eating grass on a farm no they don't have to make sense there was a banana eating but flowers on a on a school ground but is this what you play at school? erm no but it might be interesting to see the results okay let's start well explain the game a bit more to me? so i'll explain it one person that says a word
2795. ' ve all got children themselves so they'll really like you guys you should make it so that we're erm so that we're they're allowed to bring their children to school no cos that would be a bit chaotic oh children running around going mummy mummy yeah mummy mummy but there is a lady there is a lady that erm helps me outside the lesson to look after young
2797. ' ve done you just can't remember well i remember what it i remember a bit i remember bits of it mm? it was based in the school playground i have a lot of dream about school mum? mm? you say you've had a lot of dream about school mm? that doesn't make sense why? i've had a lot of dream about school a lot of dreams
2798. a bit i remember bits of it mm? it was based in the school playground i have a lot of dream about school mum? mm? you say you've had a lot of dream about school mm? that doesn't make sense why? i've had a lot of dream about school a lot of dreams about school okay well you mean it doesn't make grammatical sense? well er
2799. of dream about school mum? mm? you say you've had a lot of dream about school mm? that doesn't make sense why? i've had a lot of dream about school a lot of dreams about school okay well you mean it doesn't make grammatical sense? well er oh i had this really strange dream that erm in your dachi life erm mm what is
2800. mm? you say you've had a lot of dream about school mm? that doesn't make sense why? i've had a lot of dream about school a lot of dreams about school okay well you mean it doesn't make grammatical sense? well er oh i had this really strange dream that erm in your dachi life erm mm what is that by the way? a
2802. human science with language humanities music oh yeah art unless i take art instead of music but i think i'd prefer to take music yeah well you can still do art like yeah go at lunch after school and stuff and you can do arts award if you ever get round to it get round to it i started it before the summer holidays yeah did about three pages and then gave up i keep meaning to do
2803. can't i'm sure you can you're just lying no if you saw some of my old like things that me and did they were ridiculous i've never done it before at school what's the programme called don't know oh i wasn't to try and do it sometime i think i'm going to learn some of this writing for spanish well done you cos
2804. the next day i got an email cos i'd already oh god i'll put my sunglasses back on erm that erm i got a email from a girl that went to our school who was two years below and erm she thinks she might be gay and you know literally saying would you mind or she was like i really want my first time to be with erm like with a
2805. yeah like no one's like oh my god it's like just feeling to make sure that it's all there i know it's like oh no boys used to do it at school er like in pe lessons cos they're like it's really warm i'm like that's nice but it doesn't mean but so you're now going to touch things
2806. january and then the kind of we just didn't really see each other for like four months which is really weird she's my housemate but er and she's my best friend from school so oh so you already knew each other? yeah so it's been quite good that way and some of them with my mum but my mum rants so much and i've had to like
2807. to erm like teach learners mm mm how we talk now yeah so they we they get taught up to date stuff yeah cos like the french like i remember like the french i was taught at school was horrendously formal and didn't really make yeah any sense to a french person when we spoke to them it was like why's this person speaking really formally? yeah like one of
2808. of something that you've learnt yeah and then you go to spain and say it and they're just laughing at you like yeah what are you even saying? like you obviously learnt these at school yeah that's something like my grandma would say or something cos it's just so old and not even like worth knowing any more isn't teachers were like now people say this this is
2809. you? i dunno yeah that's true like unless they're exactly the same yeah i have a he's not really a friend neces he's like somebody i went to school with and he played he's in eastenders oh right i haven't seen it or i've seen him like once and he's not a very good actor sounds horrible but he's
2810. ##e if you like eastenders no i don't watch it i dunno who you're talking about yeah he's just i think yeah it's just cos when he was at school he used to like brag about it so much so i watched it i was like there's a reason i don't watch this show turn it off has he been in it for ages?
2811. like people mourn them you're just like yeah why are you mourning a character? yeah but then i realised you know i think it was two days ago harry potter's son apparently started school on the first of september there was like a what his real son? no no how old is he? it's like a character erm it was in the news like j k rowling was
2812. his real son? no no how old is he? it's like a character erm it was in the news like j k rowling was like oh harry potter's son is starting school today good luck and it was basically like oh a fictional concept that harry potter oh is now old enough for his son as cos like at the end of the last book or something yeah james went to
2813. good luck and it was basically like oh a fictional concept that harry potter oh is now old enough for his son as cos like at the end of the last book or something yeah james went to school or one of them went to school and that was his first day at school they did have kids they were sending them on the yeah hogs hogwarts express or something weren't they? and
2814. oh a fictional concept that harry potter oh is now old enough for his son as cos like at the end of the last book or something yeah james went to school or one of them went to school and that was his first day at school they did have kids they were sending them on the yeah hogs hogwarts express or something weren't they? and apparently continuing the whole fictional story he
2815. is now old enough for his son as cos like at the end of the last book or something yeah james went to school or one of them went to school and that was his first day at school they did have kids they were sending them on the yeah hogs hogwarts express or something weren't they? and apparently continuing the whole fictional story he he went to school on monday and that
2816. first day at school they did have kids they were sending them on the yeah hogs hogwarts express or something weren't they? and apparently continuing the whole fictional story he he went to school on monday and that was that was in the news and i was just like that's so weird what? and there are like people in real life who are tweeting hope james has a good
2817. was in the news and i was just like that's so weird what? and there are like people in real life who are tweeting hope james has a good day or first day at school it's like he's not a real person really? he's he's a fake p what? it is c i cos i i think i saw that on like facebook or
2818. have you been up to? just having a chat? just having a chat about ch erm harry potter oh no and people get so did you hear about the er harry potter's son started school on monday or something no did you not? oh it was in the news and apparently people got like really like ah like excited about it yeah and like saying good luck to him even though he's
2819. and what? what? yeah exactly there's there's nothing else to say like what? no it's like and people just like ha hope you're having an amazing day at school wish i was there it's like it's not real what is wrong with you? she's got to do a sequel now where james is at hogwarts yeah but the thing is
2820. as well that's what i'm saying yeah er he you know my dad was stationed in northern ireland? mm well when i was also able to visit them mm so i was at boarding school he was there in the sixties he was sort of everywhere in the sixties but erm he was first stationed up there in the sixties yeah yeah that's right so i was born in nineteen seventy -
2821. re kind of probably going to get rid of it and i went oh no can i see if i can train it up? and they were like so they knew i was gonna be going back to school in a few weeks yeah and they knew that they said yeah you know like whatever go on see what you can do kind of thing yeah and i had no idea what to do with training dogs yeah i
2822. of my best numbers when when he died she was whisked up to by her aunt at thirteen and shoved in a flat looking after their younger brothers brother and sisters at thirteen had to give up school and look after these kids and was bunged into a flat while the sister took her father's money and and educated her own children and bought herself a holiday out of it you know? yeah that
2824. from mars what like was at in our like er so across but er if i w so you can see what the a teacher's doing but surely the teacher i dunno when i was at school they used to do it vertically on the wall mm it's quite hard well i dunno artists in films are always doing things on the easel kind of vertically they're not vertical well no
2831. sure someone in camp said that so mm sorry? pretty sure someone on camp said their school have one well they i was thinking they might have one allocated like erm like when you were at primary school there was a like your your kind of priest bloke who wasn't you know he so he's kind of comes in regularly but he's not you know doesn't live there
2833. already gone to uni but it happened at like sixteen just when i started my a levels kind of thing and i went off the rails i didn't really? didn't really go to school or anything yeah oh my gosh my attendance was less than twenty percent for the whole two years that's awful yeah i mean they're meant to kick you out after if it falls below sixty
2835. charity just by de i never auditioned for them but they kind of told me you have to be in them i was in joseph but i was just like were you? cos erm at my school we used to do musicals er like every year yeah like nothing serious no just you know i was erm in joseph i was like you when you're like an extra? so you play about a
2840. back and read a few things and gone oh my god yeah not only that but my grammar was terrible oh really? this was the point actually because i don't remember them teaching me grammar at school and no i don't think i was really taught either i went into this class and of course i hadn't been studying english for the last few years i'd been doing drama and not
2841. ' t think i was really taught either i went into this class and of course i hadn't been studying english for the last few years i'd been doing drama and not really going to school at all and the first class that i took in elective we sat down he said right let's introduce ourselves go round the class and say your name and with the first letter of your name an
2844. my toast okay you're gonna have to put it on there then one slice so just to let you know it's fun can you how many days are left until easter? in terms of school days how many more school days have you got? erm erm six not including today excellent now just so you know six days? it's more than six pardon? it's more than
2845. re gonna have to put it on there then one slice so just to let you know it's fun can you how many days are left until easter? in terms of school days how many more school days have you got? erm erm six not including today excellent now just so you know six days? it's more than six pardon? it's more than six isn't it
2847. we're gonna be on time so as usual we won't be on time and then i'll be very stressed erm so when we get home this evening you need to pack your school stuff asap as soon as possible? mm and then i've got to and you're gonna come with me my face i've got to go to a an office asap a l
2849. got what will you do? why won't you want to become a teacher? yeah do something that you can be move anywhere i've no inclination to you'd be an excellent primary school teacher you've be very funny yeah you would be a very good primary teacher yeah actually yeah he's not got the inclination to do it though have you? no he just doesn't want
2852. she have a baby? is she curly hair? mm yeah yeah red short curly hair curly hair yeah i remember her she had little right mm i think who's now five or four just started school oh my word really? think so mm i only met them briefly for lunch yesterday but erm yeah he's quite chatty i think he is about four and a half or five or something oh
2853. them briefly for lunch yesterday but erm yeah he's quite chatty i think he is about four and a half or five or something oh bless him he he's obviously been to sunday school or something in the morning and he's after after we've just been chatting away and he's mm in pizza express and he loves all this kinda thing and then later on after that walking
2858. that'll make a difference if you crave your past though? you know y that that's something that i need to look for and find yeah gosh i met up with an old school friend bitter about things oh gosh even this guy he wasn't erm all that erm bitter well actually yeah he has a let's put a nice spin on it he like kinda hates
2860. ' d just limit what you can do and then you don't get to enjoy them i imagine so no so i don't think i'll do anything properly until we're in school yeah which is another four four years for both of them to be in school i'm not sure i'll be surviving until then it's really tough because you kind of i wanna do something
2861. to enjoy them i imagine so no so i don't think i'll do anything properly until we're in school yeah which is another four four years for both of them to be in school i'm not sure i'll be surviving until then it's really tough because you kind of i wanna do something yeah you wanna you wanna do something yeah i wanna get my brain working then
2862. erm and you know it's oh and she'd seen the name that was it and she said oh are are you relations of and? oh yeah yeah oh yeah so i went to school with them i was at primary school and sixth form with her ha a really nice girl hang on this is the girl who who erm no no no it was someone else who erm was it?
2863. s oh and she'd seen the name that was it and she said oh are are you relations of and? oh yeah yeah oh yeah so i went to school with them i was at primary school and sixth form with her ha a really nice girl hang on this is the girl who who erm no no no it was someone else who erm was it? it was yeah it happened a fair
2864. ##t they're some of the best ones you can get mm i can't find it well i i want a dewalt one cos we we got a lightweight dewalt at school yeah they're they're lovely aren't they? yeah and got a had one as well yeah and it it just felt nice yeah it just yeah mm they are very good but they '
2865. ? were they? for two yeah yeah so but that would be ideal to just replace those yeah had a a viewing on the house yesterday did you? oh good no i got i got home from school round about twenty - five past two half two william h brown phoned up and said we'd like can you do a viewing this afternoon? and i said what time? half past three? yeah
2866. car so to have the breaks done tomorrow nine o'clock are you? yeah yeah yeah when's it when's it you have to go back? after easter innit? what to school? yeah i go back on the thirteenth the thirteenth? that's quite some time off then innit? it's only two weeks mm two weeks is lovely it's yeah two weeks is
2868. right or yeah? he said because they got boarding facilities oh right oh because what all the academy players have to be boarding with yeah people oh i see yeah so if they put them in a boarding school or a boar yeah it's cheaper well it must be mustn't it? mm well we knew we knew a person who used to board students didn't she? from the university and
2870. what fifteen years though pretty much god it's like the m25 here bloody hell wow he was going a bit wasn't he? huh have they still er they have still got all the school buses around here haven't they? er yeah it only drops off in that one place it doesn't come through here mm it it drops off in by the church and it drops off at the
2874. re saying and then just leave at seven forty - five in the morning let's face it we're up at six or whatever yeah yeah yeah yeah erm and just drop straight off at school and yeah could be a bit weird for them but yeah we can do that yeah yeah yeah be quite be quite fun yeah yeah absolutely yeah could we could stay for that third night yeah we certainly could and
2879. sharing sharing? yeah yeah sharing creme eggs on the bus home can you imagine sharing a creme egg? if you share a creme egg oh no ugh we used to do that at school we used to do that at school in the lower sixth ugh that corridor outside the kitchen mm the lower sixth kitchen mm standing in that window and there were about six of us sharing a chocolate creme
2880. ##eme eggs on the bus home can you imagine sharing a creme egg? if you share a creme egg oh no ugh we used to do that at school we used to do that at school in the lower sixth ugh that corridor outside the kitchen mm the lower sixth kitchen mm standing in that window and there were about six of us sharing a chocolate creme egg just putting a little finger in
2883. from the er wine merchant in street ah ah so he had all the that's very grown - up on the day i've come to and i think we were fairly much infantilised at school anyway oh dear there were cases of it though there was there was a big my mini was packed er full of stuff you were a schoolboy with a car? my father erm insisted on me having
2884. i agree they're something different erm so i just went for the original you know although there is sugar in milk it's lacrose isn't it? yes but i remember at school being told there was sugar in er there was sweetness in milk mm and thinking mm sort of thing and they gave us a glass of water and a glass of milk and if you compared the water with the
2885. mean she wasn't young but to me is s are our's lot yes is at least your generation if not older whereas she clearly wasn't older i hadn't any s at school right yeah no going back to jobs that sort of set up erm you know the compost bin was one thing erm but the other another thing that i've been working on i've
2890. cream sugary stuff suddenly became available yeah that was good wasn't it? but we used to w when we went to the to school we used to get have have a bus take us to school and it used to cost a penny on the bus mm hm but we used to walk to school same here yeah and so and then there used to be a sweet shop near the school that's right
2892. take us to school and it used to cost a penny on the bus mm hm but we used to walk to school same here yeah and so and then there used to be a sweet shop near the school that's right yeah used to buy like penny pennies'worth of hundreds and thousands yeah that's it yeah or dolly mixture mm but you could buy sweets for ha'penny couldn't
2893. it didn't pay they wouldn't have it would they no they wouldn't they wouldn't get anyone going would they no god i always remember when when we used to go to school because the school was on the a47 as well they used to give us two days off yeah well they did up up here in the beginning yeah we had two days everyone had two days off and then
2895. ' re allowed thursday off i think i think they did in the end because they realised that it was stopping a lot of families going yeah yeah otherwise they've got to get permission to get leave school now to take them out of school not sure a lot of families have belong to farmers around here don't they yeah of course they do the always used to go yeah god that was a big get
2896. i think they did in the end because they realised that it was stopping a lot of families going yeah yeah otherwise they've got to get permission to get leave school now to take them out of school not sure a lot of families have belong to farmers around here don't they yeah of course they do the always used to go yeah god that was a big get together for them they don't
2897. round there yeah i think four yeah i was like four only four and i think you'd just finished had you finished at nursery? yeah i had then yeah erm i'm going to school but i had roughly no i thought it was school before you were no supposed to go to school weren't you you were kept in the nursery instead yeah you were kept are you sure? in the
2898. four only four and i think you'd just finished had you finished at nursery? yeah i had then yeah erm i'm going to school but i had roughly no i thought it was school before you were no supposed to go to school weren't you you were kept in the nursery instead yeah you were kept are you sure? in the nursery yeah we we we went to in january and
2899. just finished had you finished at nursery? yeah i had then yeah erm i'm going to school but i had roughly no i thought it was school before you were no supposed to go to school weren't you you were kept in the nursery instead yeah you were kept are you sure? in the nursery yeah we we we went to in january and then you started school that's right but
2900. supposed to go to school weren't you you were kept in the nursery instead yeah you were kept are you sure? in the nursery yeah we we we went to in january and then you started school that's right but january so you didn't start in september oh okay mm but imagine mm you're just a year above now that's right that time just a year older yeah than
2901. were but it was also fun when we were with you i realised that it was fun you joined in sometimes with my samba band but that was that was erm erm going up and down to school er the did you like school? yeah mm but erm don't really remember much mm there were only three boys in your class you know there were there were more there was only three boys weren
2902. when we were with you i realised that it was fun you joined in sometimes with my samba band but that was that was erm erm going up and down to school er the did you like school? yeah mm but erm don't really remember much mm there were only three boys in your class you know there were there were more there was only three boys weren't there? in his
2904. look you you you've we'd er erm i really like that photo there was thick snow there oh various sort of fish swans yes you you used to walk quite a long way to school erm uhu that's so you must have done this in erm i think erm yeah that god it was it that snowy in in? wow wai wai what's oh wait what
2905. they wouldn't have been sold in this country no they all out to africa they sent they sent a load out to erm gambia once cos the kids walked about sort of four miles to school and four miles back that's right yeah yeah so they gave them to kids but when they left the school they had to hand them in they were for kids to use at the school they give them
2910. the building they are interested in attracting more people to see the beauty of the building yeah mm mm that's that's what they're trying to get if it we couldn't have school visits if we didn't have a loo yeah things like that but erm mm it re it's very interesting and there's an awful lot but the other thing is that we '
2912. syria er about oh no's got it over there oh right erm and what else happened in the news while you were away? oh unfortunately yes a boy got stabbed at er to death at school what school? not one of your schools where? scotland i see oh but i find that very upsetting cos yeah i mean i was saying what age? oh it i think a sixteen year old
2920. tried again today and it's still engaged that place erm and i thought i'd change the appointment in case was wanted us to be around with a few of us having a cake after school and then i remembered it's on thursdays oh yeah? and so maybe you might not want to come home before and so then i haven't changed my audiology appointment so that's
2921. me it was scotland that the other day who what it was who first brought it in i said well that was a man called willett funnily enough i had noticed because i went to primary school at with erm with his granddaughter oh oh i don't know what happened to her after primary school but i can remember her name and i remember her saying her grandfather was the first to through this
2922. was a man called willett funnily enough i had noticed because i went to primary school at with erm with his granddaughter oh oh i don't know what happened to her after primary school but i can remember her name and i remember her saying her grandfather was the first to through this through parliament that initially in the twenties or whatever and not long ago i came across an article about it and
2923. yeah radcliffe and maconie have been um put on 6 music but they were the best thing on radio 2 you see that happened to me about mm simultaneously with puberty mm when you stopped going to school discos you discovered radio 4 er well yeah i never actually went through puberty i kind of had a mid - life crisis instead the thing is like yeah um the thing that i find is that well
2925. that you like that film it's just good i know i agree it's good i mean i s it was a very funny experience i saw it with a group of like six guys from school right and er i haven't actually watched that or at least finished watching it it's not that good this? yeah i really liked it i r i liked the twist well i didn't
2926. dance choosing dance as her first option her first her first option then art then but when's she actually gonna use dance though? and if you wanna be a dancer you have to go to stage school and yeah you have to and you have do proper training having a a dance gcse isn't really going to be a dance teacher yeah it doesn't really help anything but she's
2927. just us me and my sister and my cousins us all playing and you know my parents mm hm over the traditional they would go out in are you similar age? erm quite similar so is a school year above her which was ten months on me then tom's two school years above her then he's only seventeen i think seventeen months between them as well so t there's quite a big
2928. my parents mm hm over the traditional they would go out in are you similar age? erm quite similar so is a school year above her which was ten months on me then tom's two school years above her then he's only seventeen i think seventeen months between them as well so t there's quite a big difference between and eh hmm but it's kind of a nice progression of
2930. - four how we've grown up so so kinda the same age as us basically mm well the same age as me not twenty - four quite yet but just essentially the same school years yeah same school year so yeah no is twenty - five my housemate oh right yeah so kind of as in it's it's i mean this is not a big yeah yeah mm twenty - five twenty -
2931. you know final year of uni it's a big difference whereas twenty - three twenty - five twenty - five you're probably still unemployed depending on the degree so a girl i was at school with went straight to uni did a three year geography degree at nottingham last week got a job oh god first job? first non bar job mm that's really bad oh that's what presumably
2935. it is it's strange mm the only i went for a walk when dad was fixing up your bed and i the only people who were around were a few mothers walking obviously taking their children to school or playschool somewhere mm that was it so the co - op is open you said but is that more expensive? i haven't been in no i didn't want to do a big
2936. no it kind of was the goal because that's just what you expect that's what people expect of you mm that's it's the kind of expected path to take mm after school and college yeah but i never ever like since i was younger particularly wanted all the years like leading up to it i've never wanted to go to university i've always thought thought i would be
2937. it's just i mean yeah for me as well i'm the same really like personally i never wanted to go there i ha mm yeah people students that had done you know they were enjoyed school were expected to go onto yeah university but i did enjoy school but it's completely different they say yeah it's not it's not school here it's not the same in the slightest
2938. ' m the same really like personally i never wanted to go there i ha mm yeah people students that had done you know they were enjoyed school were expected to go onto yeah university but i did enjoy school but it's completely different they say yeah it's not it's not school here it's not the same in the slightest and i preferred kind of not being spoon fed but just knowing
2943. past or past and present or? yeah past and present out of us? yeah so just you can't pick someone from anywhere no no no no anyanyone that's been to our school or still goes to our school okay erm oh that is a hard one yeah no no i don't know i think it's pretty easy actually i don't know seems pretty easy three
2944. ? yeah past and present out of us? yeah so just you can't pick someone from anywhere no no no no anyanyone that's been to our school or still goes to our school okay erm oh that is a hard one yeah no no i don't know i think it's pretty easy actually i don't know seems pretty easy three three two one one well i
2946. ago was that? five? six? oh it must have been don't know six six years ago something like that and i didn't realise because she was only like an old friend from school wasn't she? five years ago wow five years ago yeah but she was an old friend from school why would i contact her all the time? and i don't really do that kind of
2947. something like that and i didn't realise because she was only like an old friend from school wasn't she? five years ago wow five years ago yeah but she was an old friend from school why would i contact her all the time? and i don't really do that kind of thing yeah yeah yeah and she doesn't either obviously cos otherwise there would be some more messages and
2948. all f look at this pop idol and all that stuff you know i'm saying it's been a long long a good many many many years that girls have hitched their skirts up at school yeah that girls have i don't know started experimenting when they're very young yeah i mean i had kids in my high school that got pregnant there was kids like it's it's
2949. many many years that girls have hitched their skirts up at school yeah that girls have i don't know started experimenting when they're very young yeah i mean i had kids in my high school that got pregnant there was kids like it's it's been going on years mm yeah i'm not saying it hasn't i'm saying it's getting worse and i think
2950. mini skirt mm mm so but you didn't have it shoved down your throat every time the tv was on no no and er i'd and we weren't allowed to wear makeup at school yeah whereas they do now or not so much makeup nobody wore extreme amounts of makeup at school yeah and things like it i'm going back to facebook again it always seems to crop up doesn't
2951. the tv was on no no and er i'd and we weren't allowed to wear makeup at school yeah whereas they do now or not so much makeup nobody wore extreme amounts of makeup at school yeah and things like it i'm going back to facebook again it always seems to crop up doesn't it? ha but even things like that where it's all about you and your image
2954. see what the pub is like but this is well nice and they've got that really good school here which is like renowned in the whole of oh really? yeah yeah it's a good school right huh but they used to have the little garage and the little shop and the and then now they they haven't got anything so it's sad isn't it? well they've
2958. it's the learning space that's works with me when i was working with who's the other student who's up in and she's trying she's a teacher at school and she's trying to learn english so she can teach english in a spanish school and erm so she got some was that her the other day? yeah yeah she's got some teaching skills
2960. personal journey it's why everybody sitting there learning a language together at the same grade and people doesn't work and that's why they shouldn't even bother doing it like that at school no people forget about it people learn the quickest it just doesn't by work by doing it and just trying to yeah speak you know? and you will adjust every day you're better off
2961. handful of times since christmas and every single time it's been me going to her mm like's exactly the same i appreciate's very busy like especially when obviously she's w at school and stuff but like it's constantly me ringing her or texting her she's on school holidays for the last six weeks though i know but she's been so busy with the house stuff
2962. s exactly the same i appreciate's very busy like especially when obviously she's w at school and stuff but like it's constantly me ringing her or texting her she's on school holidays for the last six weeks though i know but she's been so busy with the house stuff erm but this is what i mean like everybody's got their own stuff going on which is
2963. like that's not too late especially if he could get home and start making dinner and er i as you say i was already home and i i could've started cooking yeah yeah i imagine school will start back next week yeah i imagine going forward i might have to adopt a late start because the early start getting on the road at seven i do still hit congestion and so it's not a
2964. that i could be a doctor or a no it just didn't enter my head but n i don't no remember ever having conversations about what do you want to be apart from at primary school when you said you wanted to be an air hostess or oh yeah well whatever you know i don't remember no i don't think we we at we didn't get any careers advice no
2965. i remember her i'll eat the crust do you want with oh a huge stupid woman with huge great breasts and obviously no experience of life at all she'd just worked in a girls'school all her life yeah mm she was the one advising people about what to do and mm you just thought hang on a minute well i don't think they're much better now because otherwise they would
2967. for us it doesn't seem to be does it? because it's not come to the crunch point yet what what crunch point? but also yeah well i mean er's not left school or anything not in the same position as but it it is a crunch point when you've got to decide what a levels to do but i don't know i mean it is for really difficult
2972. and you're retired and they don't know that you've been a brilliant speech therapist in your life they don't know that i actually have written three plays and been to drama school i've been a you know i've got three professional qualifications wide ranging life haven't you? yes well it was because i was on my own for so long we didn't get
2975. ##m rugby now as well mm and he's just been made the sports ambassador at the school has he? yeah apparently here were five or six people they got in touch er the kids with at school and said you know we're lo we're thinking about erm you and we're going to have one sports ambassador and we need you to write up to a hundred words why you think
2978. myself because we all these places they're putting me you know i don't want yeah we i was walking the kids up to go and get this the bus they were getting to get to school erm and they were five and six at the time and we were walking past burnt out cars that weren't there the day before and they weren't even batting an eyelid and i was
2979. no no no i didn't no you tried to get yourself back to yeah yeah yeah that's it yeah yeah some sort of you know place really yeah so where were the kids going to school then? i'm got them into erm yeah yeah cos thethey started of at erm is it? uhu and that again that was really rough erm and i was sort
2992. go and have a look and we went and looked round you know the school and they seemed to like it and they they both said we want to come here we want to be able to walk to school we want to do this we want to of that brilliant so i said okay and that was again they were sort of six and seven age but i just i thought yeah that's fine you know so
2994. school very much and they said they were really pleased with how they'd got on and they were settled great really come round mm and that was the other reason why when when they were leaving primary school they could've taken the exams to go to school again i was told both of them you know they should pass the exams no problem they'd get in there yeah and i said to them do
2995. how they'd got on and they were settled great really come round mm and that was the other reason why when when they were leaving primary school they could've taken the exams to go to school again i was told both of them you know they should pass the exams no problem they'd get in there yeah and i said to them do you want to take the exams? do you want to
3000. turned itself round cos that's obviously special measures at the moment isn't that a very good one no? oh is it oh i don't know yeah i once your kids leave school you sort of you're out the loop a bit you're out you are out the loop yeah i mean the er head he erm i think he was on his way out really but he
3003. maturity of like being like an eighteen - year - old yeah and i want to be like eighteen again cos if i your body's not saying yeah if i went to if i went to school now i'd be such a voyeur cos i'd be like a voyeur it's such a chavvy word yeah but like teachers were like talking down to him
3004. garden rake what what was that? van de graaff generator? what's that? van de graaff? d'you not remember? van de graaff? yeah from school? no i don't remember from school it's like a motor with like a silver thing on the top when you put your hands on it your hair sticks up? oh right um d '
3005. graaff generator? what's that? van de graaff? d'you not remember? van de graaff? yeah from school? no i don't remember from school it's like a motor with like a silver thing on the top when you put your hands on it your hair sticks up? oh right um d'you not remember that? uh i dunno
3007. food stuck in my moustache now yeah i know exactly i need a shave hmm? all over you like mr twit yeah i was just thinking about that as well i remember at primary school i brought in my twit's book and someone nicked it i'll never forget that ah hmm what have you got? just toast and butter i can snack later are you coming to
3008. would you like a plate? mm hm thank you that's alright oh ah oh no dad's goat's cheese is falling out everywhere all over the fridge so what did you do at school today? erm well we did erm science and maths and literacy mm hm what did you do in literacy? we were erm like writing well well l can't remember you can '
3010. consciously yeah clearly remember having i i don't remember having really like much of a i remember having like polio at junior school or something i don't think i had an injection in junior school er or was that a drop? like do they give you it in your mouth yeah isn't that sort of a sugar there's a sugary thing but that's that was a that
3011. do they give you it in your mouth yeah isn't that sort of a sugar there's a sugary thing but that's that was a that was in my first year of secondary school well they'll not give it to you in in sugar anymore you have like a sugar lump with a there'll not be that little girl and a i i had a sugar lump or something yeah
3012. t you? yeah or at some point or other mm probably quite often? quite often twice not twice i suppose yes i had never been to london when i was your age no i went on a school trip when i was small oh right yes oh erm a baby mummy daddy hello granny and he says it re yeah that's easier you can say if you want he said it like for ten years
3014. the container's up on there he didn't want to he didn't want to sit erm er a le a levels didn't really want to sit his a levels he left school at sixteen he left school at sixteen and the erm pizza hut had just opened in and they wanted erm people to work there hey hey so as soon as he finished his o levels he walked in
3015. on there he didn't want to he didn't want to sit erm er a le a levels didn't really want to sit his a levels he left school at sixteen he left school at sixteen and the erm pizza hut had just opened in and they wanted erm people to work there hey hey so as soon as he finished his o levels he walked in there got a job yeah
3022. re very shy pagan basically i've s i've seen one once they look really nice actually er well i i've you i'm it depends on which story when i was at school we listen we used to sing glorglorious st patrick in our church if you type in either into google you know do you have different wolves than we do? i dunno oh can '
3026. them are patroned by the catholic church or to be honest that's why the there are a lot of like first communion and confirmation and all that but at least now they when i went to school you were taught catechism by rote absolutely like that now it's more it's all like religion well used and all that used to teach catholics but even in all those schools now religion
3031. adder i think er i've seen i have cos they've got zigzags with the it would be more in the like they're like the ones you draw at school we used to play erm in the garden on sort of the when when when i was at school er er w during the war when we were evacuated and that we would play out er on the heath
3032. ##gs with the it would be more in the like they're like the ones you draw at school we used to play erm in the garden on sort of the when when when i was at school er er w during the war when we were evacuated and that we would play out er on the heath then and er we did occasionally see an adder there but they're so so they're
3033. time two weeks'time? yeah so that's so that they are like good luck thank you so they are like they're like good luck so that's the end of her secondary school entire cycle like their like the biggest worst most horrible exams you'll ever have to do the ones at university are easier no no i mean they're just less kind stressful yes you have to
3034. want gangster or? no no er er yeah the language of love language of love no no no no mate i'm sure they're not gonna take that too seriously education you went to secondary school right? you went to college as well didn't you? i i do have a i do have a knack like communicating with animals yeah but i i'll put that in there but they
3035. isn't it? basque country as fre is it french? influence um influence but it's not sp is there then their nat? i believe their language is what are they taught at school? what what language do they? what is their standardised language do we know? let's have a look shall we? is it spanish? i know that catalan is kind of it's
3037. is terrible in some ways mm you'd have to but like in our field i don't just mean teaching but teaching abroad mm it's changing just from a middle school to a high school changing countries changing the type of people that you're teaching their age their level it's there's a whole load of variation on top of the fact that you have different students each time you
3039. of job for ages but yeah and like even in schools in england you don't get a middle school teacher that does the work works in a bit for a college and then works in a high school and works in an elementary school no no only qualified for their particular area and then works in a uni you know what i mean? they become trained in whereas in our field okay there are prere
3040. and like even in schools in england you don't get a middle school teacher that does the work works in a bit for a college and then works in a high school and works in an elementary school no no only qualified for their particular area and then works in a uni you know what i mean? they become trained in whereas in our field okay there are prerequisites for example the company
3041. re trying to run this thread which can take people from the start of university age they're learning from their peers that are above them yeah and this is something i was taught when we were at school we used to have we yyou would have peer supporters who could be people in the final year who were responsible for people who were starting yeah school yeah and to be their mentors yeah and so you
3043. like that it was definitely an us and them type society oh yeah yeah yeah there is there is er and that's the same kind of thing that you're brought up on through you start school and it's an us and them they are the old ones you're the you're the newcomers mm but and then you go to university and it's the same thing and then you
3044. i couldn't leave the building so i went and had to say to cos she's got dogs you know and i know she walks it when she goes and picks the kids up from school and things like that and i said can you do mine when taking winnie with you which i thought was a bit of an imposition really but i didn't know what else to do what else to
3045. something? i don't think i was ever friends with mind you i don't think you were friends with him i deleted him made a conscious effort i've deleted so many people from school i just didn't care i'll check about that later i just genuinely didn't care i was thinking about him the other day actually he's actually had so many like long - term
3046. i need to do some work in the morning erm on a saturday? yeah rubbish today mm erm er and parents yeah erm yeah she'll be four big girl four so has started school yet then? no so the parties in the next couple of years will be massive like's yeah i have to invite all thirty people in my class they're all my friends mm oh this does
3047. all when they're when you need two hands you've got to coordinate all er yeah yeah they have they've gotta yeah coordinate together yeah quite extraordinary and they went they went through normal school erm and through yeah through university it was in america through amer through university mm and i don't know what they ended up doing i think they p but did they just do the one paper
3058. just get no go find out we never never wanted to teach in a public school in england it's it was no no no no but it korea so horrible i mean teach teaching in a public school in korea wasn't a cake a walk in the park no no no that's an all boys'school it was okay and then we avoided all of this they were like animals kind of stuff
3071. parents like pay for their children like his standard that you probably get paid to go er you parents will pay you to go to e afternoon classes at an institute it means that when they actually come to school they don't care cos their parents don't care about their grades at school cos they are not paying for that oh they are paying for their afternoon one and that's when yeah
3072. parents will pay you to go to e afternoon classes at an institute it means that when they actually come to school they don't care cos their parents don't care about their grades at school cos they are not paying for that oh they are paying for their afternoon one and that's when yeah the students are meant to study so the smart students i had some really smart asses that
3074. say that that's unfair in english as in in another language they work them to death the students would be like also they like my high school they're going to h they live on high school they live on campus they go into seven they finish at about six or seven they then have an hour or two where they quickly eat a pot noodle and then they go to private school until midnight or
3075. on high school they live on campus they go into seven they finish at about six or seven they then have an hour or two where they quickly eat a pot noodle and then they go to private school until midnight or something of the sort that was what did in russia that was the thing in russia and had like he went to like normal school then he would finish and have like private of tutoring at
3076. eat a pot noodle and then they go to private school until midnight or something of the sort that was what did in russia that was the thing in russia and had like he went to like normal school then he would finish and have like private of tutoring at like an art school cos his mum was an artist and really wanted him to get into art so then he went to like art mm they
3079. with a really weird face of like even found him insane oh did he? how long is dinner? five minutes oh five minutes yeah it's kind of i had a really odd kid in my school erm who was everything about him he was like the geek kid he was the kid that in any other situation would've been and he probably was just severely bullied like really ostracised
3080. ostracised maybe had like one friend but even that one friend didn't like associating themselves oh yeah i felt terrible for this kid oh his mum used to walk him to the school door this kid was like we're talking secondary school yeah he was yeah secondary school so year seven he was his mum used to walk him to the school door the reception door and he would go through
3081. that one friend didn't like associating themselves oh yeah i felt terrible for this kid oh his mum used to walk him to the school door this kid was like we're talking secondary school yeah he was yeah secondary school so year seven he was his mum used to walk him to the school door the reception door and he would go through the door and then she would meet him at reception door
3082. like associating themselves oh yeah i felt terrible for this kid oh his mum used to walk him to the school door this kid was like we're talking secondary school yeah he was yeah secondary school so year seven he was his mum used to walk him to the school door the reception door and he would go through the door and then she would meet him at reception door oh to pick him up?
3083. his mum used to walk him to the school door this kid was like we're talking secondary school yeah he was yeah secondary school so year seven he was his mum used to walk him to the school door the reception door and he would go through the door and then she would meet him at reception door oh to pick him up? and walk him home was he special? no no no no his mum
3085. does something and the teacher was like right after school detention where you have to obviously check with the parents and the mum was like no and he needs to be home so we could never give him after school detention after school detention ah and he knew we could never give him after school detention really? because the mum refused to let him stay because yeah she wanted to like i don't know like comb his
3086. the teacher was like right after school detention where you have to obviously check with the parents and the mum was like no and he needs to be home so we could never give him after school detention after school detention ah and he knew we could never give him after school detention really? because the mum refused to let him stay because yeah she wanted to like i don't know like comb his hair or something
3087. obviously check with the parents and the mum was like no and he needs to be home so we could never give him after school detention after school detention ah and he knew we could never give him after school detention really? because the mum refused to let him stay because yeah she wanted to like i don't know like comb his hair or something at home oh no oh oh oh lovely so he could just
3088. ' t matter because he'll never get in trouble really trouble really yeah so he just became this really oh odd kid that never really fitted any kind of social group yeah you always get those at school definitely get them in and i just don't really know well in cha like in chapter we there was that family wasn't there? do you remember the really weird family? and the mum used
3089. don't really know well in cha like in chapter we there was that family wasn't there? do you remember the really weird family? and the mum used to walk all the kids to school oh yeah i don't think any of th there was an older boy who i think was in our six form and then they had daughters like ol she had daughters but none of them were in our
3090. it was like sounds awesome er kind of autism mm autism yeah yeah autistic spectrum but at the same time like all the students hated him because they didn't he didn't like at school socialise in the same way mm and he would do things like i was trying to draw a face like don't forget to blah blah blah that was in their textbook and he stood up and he
3091. english she didn't wanna study english i can't really blame her for that yeah i think that's the thing when you're kind of forced into she was straight out of high school so she yeah yeah still carried on with high school attitudes you have to understand these things as a teacher i often think that some of the best teachers will probably be students who weren't very good students
3093. attitudes you have to understand these things as a teacher i often think that some of the best teachers will probably be students who weren't very good students i wasn't a very good student at school so i can understand the students yeah i guess you that aren't really good at school yeah have like empathy with them i think don't take things too personally i wouldn't have liked to
3094. teachers will probably be students who weren't very good students i wasn't a very good student at school so i can understand the students yeah i guess you that aren't really good at school yeah have like empathy with them i think don't take things too personally i wouldn't have liked to have taught me at high school i don't think the two of us were you two
3096. don't take things too personally i wouldn't have liked to have taught me at high school i don't think the two of us were you two bad? you went to the same school right? you went to the same school? yeah yeah yeah yeah that was that all girls? we were in the same form weren't we? yeah yeah yeah chapters and yeah miss that was three
3097. wouldn't have liked to have taught me at high school i don't think the two of us were you two bad? you went to the same school right? you went to the same school? yeah yeah yeah yeah that was that all girls? we were in the same form weren't we? yeah yeah yeah chapters and yeah miss that was three years and we never got rid of that
3098. yeah miss that was three years and we never got rid of that fucker but one of your friends wasn't was it or? and weren't with us yeah they went to a different school they they weren't it was only us out of all of us it was only us that actually went to the same school wasn't it? yeah yeah because did go to school cos they
3099. or? and weren't with us yeah they went to a different school they they weren't it was only us out of all of us it was only us that actually went to the same school wasn't it? yeah yeah because did go to school cos they they were never no no no oh and went there as well yeah and yeah and oh and went there as well yeah yeah yeah
3100. a different school they they weren't it was only us out of all of us it was only us that actually went to the same school wasn't it? yeah yeah because did go to school cos they they were never no no no oh and went there as well yeah and yeah and oh and went there as well yeah yeah yeah she did sixth form in oh of course yeah she did didn
3101. stuffed myself and then i just felt a bit i don't remember the icing tasting like that no it tastes different doesn't it? but i mean i haven't had one since school and i only ate them at then that's thank you i'll have one sorry and oh yeah thank you that's alright she bought them i need to get to the shop and buy something
3102. ' s just become much er do you remember? yeah her sister her sister she's mm she's at not the uni but she's at a uni in like a drama school? oh was it a drama? do you remember her? yeah yeah and her drama school is run by oh oh wow so cool she got a scholarship to go the seventeenth like a snape from harry
3103. mm she's at not the uni but she's at a uni in like a drama school? oh was it a drama? do you remember her? yeah yeah and her drama school is run by oh oh wow so cool she got a scholarship to go the seventeenth like a snape from harry potter role have you ever seen dogma? if i recognise the actor it is alright is
3104. ' s like four hours worth of yeah i know mm it's fine yeah sheep people er yeah no sorry so she's oh yeah where's she? she's at his drama school thing there's who's this? oh right yeah there's like seventeen people in her whole year wow and she got a scholarship to go it was like thousands and thousands of people but wow
3111. s not necessarily an establishment these rollies you can't do any cigarettes cigarettes mm it was more kind of like the terminology and because what he was really good at was taking kids out of film school like recent graduates and letting them direct his films yeah because they were really really really really cheap oh okay erm and actors as well but the people that came out of film school and he let direct his
3112. kids out of film school like recent graduates and letting them direct his films yeah because they were really really really really cheap oh okay erm and actors as well but the people that came out of film school and he let direct his films were like martin scorsese francis ford coppola erm and ended up going like he pretty much kick - started jack nick jack nicholson's career oh right he
3115. two yeah i know they usually the japanese i always get really yeah yeah i know we had erm i i always get erm it's usually the koreans that hate the japanese a textbook at school we had a textbook at school and it would have stereotypes of different cultures and it would have an american girl and she'd have like there was a cowgirl cowgirls with guns mm and like
3116. the japanese i always get really yeah yeah i know we had erm i i always get erm it's usually the koreans that hate the japanese a textbook at school we had a textbook at school and it would have stereotypes of different cultures and it would have an american girl and she'd have like there was a cowgirl cowgirls with guns mm and like a hat and then a dutch
3117. eastern asians er east asian nations to marry these farmers and one of my friends that were worki was working in one of these small places she ha she always went to an academy rather than a school one of the private academies they treated really badly and she had to go on like a foreigner women's trip or something and she was with a bunch of these immigrants philipine er vietnamese women and she
3121. magical for a guy loads of kids like library students and to understand what a library is yeah yeah and he's always trying to get kids in and they do like lego they do summer er after school and summer summer programmes and stuff yeah i recommend that they do yeah they have to ththe thing is at the moment is like loads of libraries are changing libraries at are growing they're gonna be called
3122. ' m probably gonna miss her wedding have you guys always been everyone's always been close you w we were pretty seseparate i was closer mm yeah cos we went to the same school yeah and then's from my primary school so i was never very close with yeah and not until vevery recently yeah yeah was more recent and then's always lived away so that's what
3124. healthy living? she was like i eat terribly i smoke terribly i drink far too much yeah i was like well obviously you do all these things but obviously is just not as bad as the kids at school so you classify as healthy living eh? you've made it you get teaching how to do yeah i've made it to twenty - seven yeah wa you get teaching how to do all of those
3125. s quite late yeah and you guys are coming again aren't you? erm yeah no mm in a few weeks we'll be back again in a couple of weeks when do you start school? remind us then if you haven't seen it er next week next week your got freshers first? friday we've got like an induction yeah we've got induction basically next week that
3126. so something like no black american cheerica yeah cheemma that's lafayette lafayette that's one good thing festina lafayette festina that was a good one yeah taught erm kids at school acdc erm wh it was really bad i didn't know was a teacher there was two black kids in his class but oh i'm sorry one was called erm and was like
3129. good's got yeah yeah he's yeah yeah there was a guy oh i remember we've all met a joe king right? it's fairly common yeah i used to go to school with a joe king yeah i know a joe king yeah i knew a joe king you know you one of your teachers were call was called oh that's his name mister what was yeah it's
3130. ? yeah so that's gonna be mental innit? because's gonna be crazy's gonna be crazy you know it takes a good forty - five minutes to get well just get to school for ten to nine then you can just pick them up yeah and then go across to it's gonna be a pretty it's like do you have to go there to like be yeah inducted?
3136. t get in yeah but i still had to do the tests what are you talking about? what test? but you didn't do anything for then you just ddidn't get into school you mean but that's not true because you you did nothing but if i had got in i'd be would've been annoyed about it but how could you go and do what? you
3137. of resurrection so can you just tell us the full story yeah without reading it out of the book yeah sure we should all watch the disney version later well do you do you not do bible studies at school? no course not i i was educated in did you do bible studies at school? you've no idea what the bible is about? no idea we did like s hinduism and stuff you did er
3138. of the book yeah sure we should all watch the disney version later well do you do you not do bible studies at school? no course not i i was educated in did you do bible studies at school? you've no idea what the bible is about? no idea we did like s hinduism and stuff you did er radical islam we did actually in school we all did the erm the sort of
3139. educated in did you do bible studies at school? you've no idea what the bible is about? no idea we did like s hinduism and stuff you did er radical islam we did actually in school we all did the erm the sort of prayer routine we did morning morning you know like i can't remember how it is there's like an order to it and well did you? you
3140. gentille alouette alouette gentille alouette alouette alouette do you know that song? mm yeah i do but i don't know where from school innit? feel like maybe from school in saudi arabia mm do you know frere jacques? mm yeah ortolan well it's been it's outlawed i'm not surprised i '
3141. ##tte gentille alouette alouette alouette do you know that song? mm yeah i do but i don't know where from school innit? feel like maybe from school in saudi arabia mm do you know frere jacques? mm yeah ortolan well it's been it's outlawed i'm not surprised i'm sure it is better than being yeah
3142. trumpet for about a year more than that no i don't think so i think he was playing it up until this time last year mm that's not long he was at s properly at school this time last year i think the last time he did it is probably his a level did he do it at a? he didn't do it he didn't do it he did his a
3143. alone when they go to er it's er still like gget out the meat trucks the two baddies yeah and stuff the van when you when we lived in the and you went to nursery school there it still wasn't street was a scary street street? was scscscary scary? i don't think so it was was scary there was no yeah that scary too but i er
3144. you wouldn't come here and i don't think it's very close to schools either so i i imagine it would attract lots of teenagers but i don't know where the nearest school is mm mm yeah yeah it is next door to lidl's car park so they might get yeah with parking facilities definitely yeah they might get the people wandering in yeah i mean i would pop in
3146. there? not to the college i only came to your flat oh it was such a lovely building mm it were difficult weren't it? cos you mm when you started i was at boarding school in yeah i just wondered if you and then i was at college myself yeah mm yeah well i never went to yours did i? then i spent all the holiday time looking after mum and yeah looking after
3149. saying oh yeah i'd love it i'd like to do that erm i thought oh we'll never get the chance to do all that together cos yoyou only get some school holidays's yeah always working especially christmas time yeah then she won't wanna pay premium in february no so oh he says well mum you've woken me up what do you want me to do
3152. leave him in the house all day long yeah he's walking now is he? yeah he was walking at eleven months well done i'm sure he'll be erm top sets at school know what i mean? pretty clear isn't it that oh you're twitching my legs again if they're walking at eleven months they're obviously gonna be a genius? i hate it
3153. ? not to begin with well i'm not gonna move schools with them every few years i mean that's gonna be terrible no no exactly but to begin with they don't go to school till they're four do they? i can't move them around anyhow can i? well i guess i could well i no you couldn't you couldn't it's a
3155. think oh i should have x amount of money in the bank before i have a child mm and i think i should be able to provide it for these things and if it wants to go on a school trip i can afford for it to go on a school trip mm okay and these kind of things do you know what i mean? mm there's a whole a whole plethora of attributes that
3156. bank before i have a child mm and i think i should be able to provide it for these things and if it wants to go on a school trip i can afford for it to go on a school trip mm okay and these kind of things do you know what i mean? mm there's a whole a whole plethora of attributes that i feel are necessary before you have a child i mean
3157. and i'm educated and i'm qualified to impart my wisdom on my children well you have another option there don't you? you you teach them yourself you take them out of school and you teach them yourself no no cos how are you gonna afford that? what am i gonna be rich? mm er you need to be rich to do that mm so i don't have
3158. the pressure off of her erm the only people that have children now of either side of our friends quite interestingly strangely actually cos when i spoke about bas and having a degree none of her school friends close friends have children none of my close school friends have children we both have mutual friends from university there are two that have had children mm has just had one and's had one but i mean
3159. that have children now of either side of our friends quite interestingly strangely actually cos when i spoke about bas and having a degree none of her school friends close friends have children none of my close school friends have children we both have mutual friends from university there are two that have had children mm has just had one and's had one but i mean doesn't have kids doesn't have kids
3160. mm if they're the people that i want my child to be around how am i gonna get them all together to do that? they're gonna be surrounded i'm gonna go to school with those people and be looking at all the rest of the parents and thinking i don't like you mm i don't get on with you so do you know what i mean? yeah that
3164. bottles of cider until they were empty too i'd lie on the sofa and binge for days ending up slurring stumbling and incapable i had to allow neighbours to take the kids to school for me when was thirteen ten and seven came and took them to live with him close by it was obvious i was in no fit state to look after them mm yeah i think er the bottles of cid
3166. of er said why don't you come on and work for me? so i said alright and i'll give it a go sort of thing cos er i i i'd left school about four years and hadn't really sort of thought about doing that and erm then started and never looked back right i see and er but you didn't actually go formally to college? you
3167. was that quite normal for everyone to? no no no no during the war i mean because it was during the war this is what happened um because of the blitzes hmm um what was happening the school closed um my mother had a business in wolverhampton mm hm i was of an age to help in the shop and on the markets in wolverhampton and various other places so my schooling that's when my schooling
3171. s great though korea is too easy and they'll do another couple of years there and then they'll er they may have considered it if they've both what they consider quite good public school jobs or at avon university positions mm yeah they might have been able to get a uni job it's really just luck of the draw we could have got in at what do you think that would
3179. need some good teachers in there yeah but that is a methodology mm i think you could actually sell that as if you could start up your own english school i mean really to start up your own english school you don't need much let's say you've just got one of these zones there's four rooms mm you've got two teachers per room so you've got eight teachers
3183. bouquet and all that kind of er she could have a bouquet but in the church the church is not dressed you know but it will have erm christmas trees in it because mm they do that for school you know before school term erm finishes they have the school play so it will be decorated but not with flowers and can you have things like so holly and mistletoe and yes yes ivy? that
3184. kind of er she could have a bouquet but in the church the church is not dressed you know but it will have erm christmas trees in it because mm they do that for school you know before school term erm finishes they have the school play so it will be decorated but not with flowers and can you have things like so holly and mistletoe and yes yes ivy? that will be around yes
3191. argue with them that they need to change certain things to improve oh i see okay erm and i think that's an unfortunate circumstance they're just so stubborn they've got through high school they've passed high school they've passed their subject and they're like wh you know whwell i don't need to change anything do i? blah blah blah and so
3192. to change certain things to improve oh i see okay erm and i think that's an unfortunate circumstance they're just so stubborn they've got through high school they've passed high school they've passed their subject and they're like wh you know whwell i don't need to change anything do i? blah blah blah and so in many ways i think you
3193. work for us for a couple of years yeah so that's really good that's it's quite nice to know isn't it? yeah yeah yeah oh that was good pretty good school bus drops off here at just after four erm erm she gets her school paid for yeah? i i guess so cos her husband's a professor he's in management isn't
3194. ' s it's quite nice to know isn't it? yeah yeah yeah oh that was good pretty good school bus drops off here at just after four erm erm she gets her school paid for yeah? i i guess so cos her husband's a professor he's in management isn't he? is he a professor? i don't know i don't
3195. so we're gonna have to have an early tea and i guess drive to the village hall yeah for your first brownies woo so have you done any more on any composers like vaughan williams at school? no that was just a bit of music that we did oh okay how long do you think it's gonna take you to do the kinda wren model? erm about three weeks about three weeks
3197. year? i'm quite scared of what if the boat falls over and you'll go in the water? has the boat ever fallen over? yeah when? well one of my friends at school said that when they went to wilder wood the boat the boat fell over and they weren't in they totally did not that's a complete lie isn't it? does it i think boat
3198. you that you can go there for birthdays mm do you know if dad gave the cheque for ballet? he did he did good this is going to be your cheque for your very exciting school trip when you're gonna go and do some filming hopefully it'll be a good school trip yeah it sounds very exciting no sit on your chair i'm stuck my favourite oh you guys are
3199. for ballet? he did he did good this is going to be your cheque for your very exciting school trip when you're gonna go and do some filming hopefully it'll be a good school trip yeah it sounds very exciting no sit on your chair i'm stuck my favourite oh you guys are having a very nice hug aha mm i don't know how i'd survive without
3200. nice hug aha mm i don't know how i'd survive without well you don't have to survive without her cos you're brother and sister yeah but i mean at school yeah but then you get to see each other well next this september you'll be in the same playground yay again so that'll be nice mm for two years you know's older brother
3209. but it is tricky isn't it? it is yeah that's strange i you know go down to occasionally and see people that we actually they went to s that they took their kids to school or we've taken ours to school and seeing the some of them they look ever so old yeah scary that's so scary all these old people walking about i can't stand it but you
3210. ? it is yeah that's strange i you know go down to occasionally and see people that we actually they went to s that they took their kids to school or we've taken ours to school and seeing the some of them they look ever so old yeah scary that's so scary all these old people walking about i can't stand it but you don't feel old yourself do you
3211. ##og's awful in china in some of the towns yeah but they're going back to where we were years ago do you remember well you can remember the smog when you were going to school? yes the smog we used to put put the a hankie over our noses and it was that's right and it's a competition to see who had the blackest hankie when
3212. ##og we used to put put the a hankie over our noses and it was that's right and it's a competition to see who had the blackest hankie when we got to school they were black too yeah absolutely black awful yeah yeah yeah yeah we used to go to school with a hankie with a hankie over holding a handkerchief over you but that that was coal fires and and
3213. s right and it's a competition to see who had the blackest hankie when we got to school they were black too yeah absolutely black awful yeah yeah yeah yeah we used to go to school with a hankie with a hankie over holding a handkerchief over you but that that was coal fires and and er yes it was yeah and fog yeah which which i mean put together and they all put
3214. one before breakfast then we have breakfast and then we open one after breakfast it's it's and that lasts throughout the day we opened it we opened them up over spread over the holiday the school holiday so just before we went back to school we were still opening one you know we had the best ones first the biggest ones sort of thing that they knew that were mm erm and then and then
3215. we open one after breakfast it's it's and that lasts throughout the day we opened it we opened them up over spread over the holiday the school holiday so just before we went back to school we were still opening one you know we had the best ones first the biggest ones sort of thing that they knew that were mm erm and then and then we kept on but there was one each day
3216. all of my friends yeah what about your other subjects? i don't know we're well i've only discussed maths cos that was like we only really discussed our results in school that's lucky for you was maths they probably think you're brilliant all round and god erm who's the best in maths then? in your class? i dunno i
3217. i couldn't use my right hand so i had to like try and draw erm write with my left hand i mean like if they let me use a computer cos it was in primary school additional password required mm i asked for more transfer funds they're willing to give me this much money okay i'll accept it that's so much money i asked for five million though so i
3218. kind of bad yeah no i just i always i always made a big thing about eating breakfast before like i keep like same same but my mum used to force me to eat breakfast before i went to school even if i wasn't hungry yeah and then cos of that i'm always hungry like in the morning when i wake up that's good yeah unless i got to sleep late that '
3219. doesn't well then basically he can't come to my party cos he just doesn't bother to use social media at all never bothers to communicate with any of us outside of school yeah it's kind of annoying he only talks in person and then yeah i can get hold of i can definitely get hold of him cos i talk to him on a regular basis erm do
3220. erm june june okay i'm just going to check this sound shall we do another schedule as well cos like i know you've got like a lot planned for when you were at school mm mm will we do one for the holidays? cos otherwise it'll just be up one long day doing computer every day what do you mean? you know like the plan that you did?
3221. t you? no see you could have reminded me and i i would have been okay about taking you with there was just so many things i had to think about in my head that day and your school had finished and i'd just forgot that actually gymnastics doesn't finish when school does school wasn't finished then mm? school wasn't finished then it was nearly finished it was like it
3222. about taking you with there was just so many things i had to think about in my head that day and your school had finished and i'd just forgot that actually gymnastics doesn't finish when school does school wasn't finished then mm? school wasn't finished then it was nearly finished it was like it was just exams so yeah yeah i just yeah oh better just i'm not going
3223. you with there was just so many things i had to think about in my head that day and your school had finished and i'd just forgot that actually gymnastics doesn't finish when school does school wasn't finished then mm? school wasn't finished then it was nearly finished it was like it was just exams so yeah yeah i just yeah oh better just i'm not going to be
3224. i had to think about in my head that day and your school had finished and i'd just forgot that actually gymnastics doesn't finish when school does school wasn't finished then mm? school wasn't finished then it was nearly finished it was like it was just exams so yeah yeah i just yeah oh better just i'm not going to be able to do this thing what thing?
3226. in lincoln that do it they've started doing it at uni at lincoln uni and have got a business going erm they do various sports i think around schools and they do it in school time and whatever they've got that thing set up and they're doing quite well off it erm i met them on a night out once some really arrogant guys but doing well for themselves so
3227. hear them are you washing your ears properly? yeah? well anyway it'll be good to rule it out won't it? mm any issues so it was nice playing in the park after school wasn't it? yeah uhu so was not in school today? no he was ill he was ill on his first day? or at or at the dentist's well well he weren '
3228. it'll be good to rule it out won't it? mm any issues so it was nice playing in the park after school wasn't it? yeah uhu so was not in school today? no he was ill he was ill on his first day? or at or at the dentist's well well he weren't gonna be at the dentist's for a whole day true
3229. gonna be at the dentist's for a whole day true but he may not be able to talk i d well h did an did you see? i noticed that she was being dropped off to school late as usual would you like me to cut that up? yes please mum i think saw her sorry? i think i saw her she was there no but i'm saying did you ssee her
3230. s pro she's probably thirty - nine she looks quite young does she? yeah mum looks even more young thank you that's because i act like a child so what did you do at school that was exciting today? oh that's tough i did art you did art? what did you do in art? we i did painting and it was and it it seemed like a picture and it
3231. a she was being a bit rude to you wasn't she? how was? cos was crying this morning she when her mum dropped her off she was was she sad to be going to school? you don't know? did you speak to her today? erm i didn't i didn't see her? she was there yeah but erm i didn't get much
3232. and i do want you to try and eat most of the yorkshire pudding because it's perfectly fine and not in any way burned that's not burnt thank you are you all really tired from school? yeah mm it's amazing how such one day can make you such tired well we're back on track now we're back into school and work so mm hey it looks it look like
3233. burnt thank you are you all really tired from school? yeah mm it's amazing how such one day can make you such tired well we're back on track now we're back into school and work so mm hey it looks it look like a fish mum - bala - mum - bala - mum - ma - bumba it looks like a fish? a drumstick? look bum - bad
3235. week without? yeah erm we won't know what to do with ourselves will we? we'll be crying it's gonna be very weird like every day when i come home from school be like that's why you're going to be with us where's? wah i know well if it was this week then i probably could come for most if it ah be working oh
3238. and always keep the ha but it's important to always keep the handle that way because this way is really dangerous yeah could just he'd be in hospital mm you know like that kid at school that had burns or something? do you or was that from a firework? that's from a firework that was from a firework his name was god poor thing that's so sad
3239. he's learned that way oh okay so he's more of a a solitary builder em because the construction business there i've got a lot of friends in spain that em when they left school they went into the construction industry because there were so many jobs yeah and obviously that was ten years ago when there was a lot of construction now there aren't a lot of jobs now i suppose?
3240. a party then? yes we had a good street party then how old were your children then? we can probably work out when it was well if it was twenty year oh they would have been at school cos eh they'd have been they we was eight when we came up here so probably he'd have been about ten or fifteen something like that oh i don't remember anything any party
3241. the same year ah right were they? i think they were yes was she born in seventy - two? seventy - one i think what month? october yeah so she would have been in the same school year as my brother and i was three years below so yes oh right pushing forty as well nearly ah i don't think about it i don't mind but em is em eh doing consultancy work
3243. way walk goes across their road and it it em go go goes up the path at the side of the primary school that the children go to well two of them went there and are now at senior school and eh but the the youngest em is still there so you've got five grandchildren? i've got five grandchildren that's a lot of birthdays to remember isn't it? do
3244. meant because it would be difficult to do it on the weekends obviously well we can't when you are with dad so that would be a bit tricky but we could do it on a friday after school where does this go? it's amazing how fast that night that last night seemed when you went to sleep? yeah well what mister i'm always going to be awake because i'm not
3245. ' t have gone in them everyone used to be so snooty in the nineties didn't they? mm it's really shit yeah that's why i had trouble at school cos like i dunno just looked really crap in all these i had to i mean i had to work to get some money to buy some clothes mm if i hadn't have done that and
3246. things in it erm it's carrot carrot - free carrot cake yes as they say there for people who don't like carrots for people who don't like carrots well at school they used to do erm what did they used to do? they used you used to be able to get erm curry you'd have curry or you could have erm curry without the curry
3247. oh right i see yes erm but that's why bonne maman jam jars are good cos yes absolutely they don't have any resistance erm at all you were talking about school dinners oh yes and the only school dinner i remember as in school dinner pudding is mm really actually this isn't true but at the time it was true when i s i i thought of it the
3250. i was trying to describe it this was at that party on yes's family party mm and i was talking to his sister - in - law yes yes and erm she said how she liked school dinners and i said i wasn't sure i really liked school dinners very much i i quite liked gypsy tart yes and i said but i think they only have it in well i'm wondering
3251. ' s family party mm and i was talking to his sister - in - law yes yes and erm she said how she liked school dinners and i said i wasn't sure i really liked school dinners very much i i quite liked gypsy tart yes and i said but i think they only have it in well i'm wondering that i think it's i think it's a food
3252. ' s i think it's a food i think i've seen it written somewhere anyway it's because erm knew about gypsy tart he was sort of almost well he was at school in mm even though he lived in i mean he was born in but they lived in when mm by the time he was at in school age mm so he re er well admittedly he's only
3253. gypsy tart he was sort of almost well he was at school in mm even though he lived in i mean he was born in but they lived in when mm by the time he was at in school age mm so he re er well admittedly he's only just in but he mm mm remembered gypsy tart well but other people nobody round in yorkshire mm seemed to know they'd have cu
3271. no i think it got i think it i think er there was a u - turn on that mm well they're er they are they're grammar school but they're in a a school group with oh yes i know they are but they haven't added academy i don't think so but they're a language they're a language yeah specialist school or something yes yeah oh
3272. re in a a school group with oh yes i know they are but they haven't added academy i don't think so but they're a language they're a language yeah specialist school or something yes yeah oh right but going back going back and like mm you know this isn't my school no er i have no well not connections no interest not in going back not not if it
3276. that with the original erm rails or or the odd erm well some of some of the views had changed cos they'd built things here and and also erm when i was at school you weren't allowed to go across the joining erm sort of erm er what would you call it? not exactly a bridge cos it was over a corridor but the bit the walkway that
3284. ? oh did you? yeah yeah oh right yeah they recovered most of them they recovered and they'd all got passwords hadn't they? school passwords in them yeah they got these school passwords in em no one got away with it anyway no one got away with it yeah either couldn't get into the computer or mm and do you know the only thing they got em with was
3286. either couldn't get into the computer or mm and do you know the only thing they got em with was they had the school pencils left oh right they'd sold everything else but the school pencils well they got rid of well hid er yeah hidden most of this stuff mm yeah and yeah that was a long long time ago that was long time ago yeah mm mm and i got a hundred
3290. know if it'll happen actually really? well a lot of didn't happen did it? a lot did though it's er you know those littler er bungalows on near your school? yes i quite like those yeah? erm is that where's's buying hers? is she getting a retirement place? i think so they're really nice they're just near
3292. ' s what she's having? i've i i i didn't know at all any of her habits is there a bus service for her? do buses come along road? yeah school buses no normal buses no there's one there's a at about five o'clock cos i've noticed when our bus has been late i've seen it no she'll
3295. s school yeah well are you a mile from? road's a mile long mummy is your school a mile from mid? no well road's a mile long but they're at your school that's what i'm saying well we're at one end of road and the other end is at tesco's so there's even more yeah but they're the little
3297. - year - old this was exactly the same time yeah dad's's about not ten no he's nine isn't he? it was so funny when do they all start secondary school? and they and they both they both watch they both went like that and turned their head ninety degrees aand both ex i mean all three of them six eyes they turned their head like that and six
3301. well i did college is like university but yo college is not anywhere close to university is it? still the same sort of thing it's studying yeah but it's it's like primary school to sixth form college isn't it? why is that not fucking erm this is such a pain in the arse i'm going to say that right now cos i've up
3306. do this? um dunno just thought i was investigating volunteering possibilities in the city and there aren't really an awful lot like i thought oh you could like go and read to kids in school and stuff like that but can't really do that um although our our company give you seven hours a year so like one day a year to go and s spend a day volunteering doing something like
3307. ##s mm and that's about it that's literally my entire history no world wars no cold war no civil war no n nothing i think it's probably the stuff that you learn at school though isn't it do you know what i mean? like you probably don't go into that much detail of the cold war till lat until you do your gcses and if you
3308. no then you wouldn't you probably wouldn't study it and i moved schools as well so there's probably gaps there i completely missed like they were studying the aztecs in the secondary school whereas i was studying like er dunno tudors or something and as i moved mm they were studying tudors again oh so i i got two lots of the same thing mm and missed like two years
3314. to like sort of the neverending story and oh yeah i never watched that actually the um land before time never watched it but land before time yeah cos we we actually got to see that at school uh there was like a watership down and there was a trip at school like to the cinema yeah um and i i was excited cos my parents didn't take me to the cinema and i
3315. actually the um land before time never watched it but land before time yeah cos we we actually got to see that at school uh there was like a watership down and there was a trip at school like to the cinema yeah um and i i was excited cos my parents didn't take me to the cinema and i'd never been to the cinema before oh really? no mine didn '
3325. was how on earth did people have uniforms during the war? bearing in mind there was so little material around school uniforms how did they do it? well i can remember that our school uniform the summer school uniform the high school was the most ridiculous it was a pale cream dress plain pale cream oh and my mother managed somebody gave her er a parachute that had faded oh you could have any material pale cream?
3328. her eleven one set of clothes so i kni know that you know at certain times in the war yes ah erm well mm now er i was eleven when when i went up to the high school so that would be forty - four so it was still war time mm but somehow we had gym slips i don't ask mm don't know how maybe there were special dispensations for
3338. oh yeah we had to navy blue passion killers remember for gym yeah we used to go around having said that we still used to prance around in our best of knickers cos at state school that's what you do we had red knickers at state school oh my junior school goodness we had really really big really new very big big big navy blue pants yes right down to i still
3339. to go around having said that we still used to prance around in our best of knickers cos at state school that's what you do we had red knickers at state school oh my junior school goodness we had really really big really new very big big big navy blue pants yes right down to i still think there should be a uniform now but there you go well especially if you
3344. i went across and i was trying to veer away and kind of duck into the science hall oh and they went eh eh and called me over and then they said that's not the proper school skirt they said you're to go home until you get a proper school skirt oh so i got sent home and my mother was so furious but they wouldn't of course they wouldn't have
3345. into the science hall oh and they went eh eh and called me over and then they said that's not the proper school skirt they said you're to go home until you get a proper school skirt oh so i got sent home and my mother was so furious but they wouldn't of course they wouldn't have it you had to have a proper school skirt so that was that mm we
3346. home until you get a proper school skirt oh so i got sent home and my mother was so furious but they wouldn't of course they wouldn't have it you had to have a proper school skirt so that was that mm we had shades of purple and the shades of did you? purple were a big issue because we had nine? well we were allowed to have we were allowed to make our
3350. because of mental illness yeah and stuff and it's really sad it is like like even in the last decade it's just been a huge increase like mm obviously like when you were in primary school you're not really aware of these things so you don't really know but i swear like people seemed to actually enjoy being teenagers then like when we were like in year six mm like there was
3351. ' s nurture mm you know that one guy who's got mental health issues out of fifty relatives that must be nurture mm must be erm you know some experience he had maybe at school or something but when you see whole families where all the women seem to have nervous breakdowns that to me suggests that nature is quite important yeah yeah and it's only by tracking those families that you
3356. so they knew english as well as well it was one of the things some of them were french and wanted to learn english but i remember they lobbed me with a job erm coaching the local school kids mhm so i had a bunch of six year olds who only spoke french so there you go okay i don't know what i'm going to be doing here and they did that when
3358. distance education oh yeah? learning from home cos i did that in australia anyway oh right and erm i i did that from home so i trained eight hours a day got home and did my school work it just made it so much more simple because you can't get courts at night time you can't train at the times you want to after school and you're always tired after school
3359. a day got home and did my school work it just made it so much more simple because you can't get courts at night time you can't train at the times you want to after school and you're always tired after school yep mm so who schooled you was it um your parents or you had a myself oh right it was distance education from australia again because umm when i was living
3360. work it just made it so much more simple because you can't get courts at night time you can't train at the times you want to after school and you're always tired after school yep mm so who schooled you was it um your parents or you had a myself oh right it was distance education from australia again because umm when i was living in australia i lived on a bus like
3361. okay don't ask me why but she wants to do it but erm she can only stay in tampa for two years cos it's a junior college okay because she fin she quit school after gcses and didn't do a - levels mhm aha cos of tennis she couldn't go straight into university they're very very very um tight on their laws on
3363. tennis standard puts her in a division one school in america but she has to go to junior college for two years first and complete that before she can move onto the last two years at a division one school oh right and will she do that in america do you think? will she be allowed to? yeah yeah hey she'll move she'll mo i mean she's got the highest they do
3367. education it affects their development in so many things but in fact mainly it affects their reasoning well there's not authority no authority in the parenting yeah that's right when a child can go to school and the teacher says and the teachers have lost their authority yeah exactly because of that yeah yeah the police have lost their authority you can't tell me to do that yeah yeah that's this why
3368. yeah yeah mm not to achieve something to make themselves feel good and to help other people yeah which is what achievements used to be i mean it's some of the erm kids that are leaving school they all want to be in it etcetera mm you can't have a population of it engineers no well we ha somebody has got to grow the food mm mm somebody has got to drive the
3372. wanna hear oh nothing like sophisticated people is there? yeah i read an article today it was erm about fine art school the police were called at mm two in the morning so where? fine art school i don't know where this is but no idea no idea police were called at two in the morning as a group of children had broken in and decided to play hide and seek none of the children
3376. you look at them you probably wouldn't think they're that young mm but they're so nice and they're like they were talking about all their like so not the people at school who take drugs and stuff and they're like we're really boring we don't do anything like that we just go home and sleep i'm like well that's fine if you
3377. when are you going to paris? i'm not going paris i'm going to going to right in the south oh i see you're driving down are you? i'm leaving school at three o'clock yeah or three fifteen then i'm driving have you booked the tunnel? mm yeah don't need to cos it's on your father's prepaid thing
3378. day and then spent three hundred and eighty - five pounds on on clothes and shoes and then texted me to tell me that she spent three hundred and eighty - five pounds on shoes well we are at school the new academy mm want us to wear business yeah wear and i was i said to to them well i haven't got any business wear so i just wear my black trousers and you know? sweater
3379. haven't found another one yet to go in so they're gonna rent so they're renting? i said i dunno how far that one is so's ddown at school down in so she catches the train every morning to go down to from? well the station's just on the end of the road isn't it? mm yeah erm so it's
3390. jay z and fall out boy and then he got me a ticket to go to paramore but i couldn't go why couldn't you go? i think cos it was during my school period i had exams or something mm so my mam said no bitch so he gave his ticket to someone else and he fucking met paramore there as well he met them? yeah at the time he
3391. lot of people had a lot of yeah yeah mm that's right cos what happened? er in nineteen fifty - three the queen was crowned wasn't she? mm and we all at school got a jamboree bag and we and you got a bag? er yeah a little like big as a crisp bag full of little bits and pieces that was the pl you know like a paper bag
3392. it'll be in pristine condition had the er gold lettering on the front didn't it? that's right yeah had your name in it as well i think yeah you got it for school didn't you? yeah and when we left when i left secondary modern school secondary modern we had er a bible given not just new testament but full bible given to us for leaving school they wouldn '
3393. ' t it? that's right yeah had your name in it as well i think yeah you got it for school didn't you? yeah and when we left when i left secondary modern school secondary modern we had er a bible given not just new testament but full bible given to us for leaving school they wouldn't allow it nowadays no they wouldn't would they? i remember that when
3394. it for school didn't you? yeah and when we left when i left secondary modern school secondary modern we had er a bible given not just new testament but full bible given to us for leaving school they wouldn't allow it nowadays no they wouldn't would they? i remember that when we had erm what they called assembly we had to go to assembly every morning didn't we and
3397. mean? that's right yeah and it's sucking stuff in all the time and you know and becoming more and more powerful that's right yeah but er when we when we were at school i mean i'm talking yonks ago now our science teacher was very good at that sort of thing and he actually there was a just this tiny about as big as your fingernail tiniest
3398. did blow up the he he did blow up the the classroom but he was he was really good mr his name was the thing is though is that the amazing thing is is that when we went to school and learnt about things like that people didn't know nothing no we knew nothing no they didn't know nothing the teachers you know even the highest trained teachers didn't know anything well yeah and
3399. said we need to remember right so how does me saying you need to remember help with the word cheese? you need to remember cheese no we need to remember to do pe bags for s i for school ready on monday i wonder sorry? erm i just need to put these in yeah but then we need to remember to take it to school cos i'm i'm normally quite a forget
3400. need to remember to do pe bags for s i for school ready on monday i wonder sorry? erm i just need to put these in yeah but then we need to remember to take it to school cos i'm i'm normally quite a forgetful parent so i've done well this year we've remembered there hasn't been the last minute panic in the morning we '
3401. minute panic for very late evening i'm sort of oon on top of things so i want to do that tomorrow in the daytime just get it ready and then we can take it straight to school on monday and then it'll be back to school be nice to see your friends cos you won't've seen them for two weeks yeah not all my friends not all your friends?
3402. oon on top of things so i want to do that tomorrow in the daytime just get it ready and then we can take it straight to school on monday and then it'll be back to school be nice to see your friends cos you won't've seen them for two weeks yeah not all my friends not all your friends? i've seen two who have did we see?
3403. not all your friends? i've seen two who have did we see?? mm mm and? four right who who have we s? mm? and and but doesn't go to school though with us you saw and i'm just and for a really for like five seconds who??'s little sister's little sister? can you stop whiswhispering please
3405. ' re doing that so that means you don't have to go to the gym tomorrow but i do want to start going to the gym er regularly with you very quickly perhaps on a tuesday after school okay? because i really do need to try and er run more and it's very difficult trying to f squeeze it in i'm alright when i'm not working on a tuesday afternoon but
3407. get you we're all we're all gonna start running anyway soon doughnut i was thinking we should start running like n in two weekends'time so just remember to bring your trainers from school o they still fit you don't they? kay yeah? you up for that? okay i am or we could buy you some new trainers yes so you've got them at home mind you
3410. every year to manchester or to liverpool that's nice yeah it's like yeah a sort of tradition i suppose yeah that's funny i joined a gay youth group when i was still at school i think i was fifteen sixteen and there were two other girls from my school at this youth group oh that's nice yeah they both turned out straight or mostly straight but yeah mm hm actually one of
3411. like yeah a sort of tradition i suppose yeah that's funny i joined a gay youth group when i was still at school i think i was fifteen sixteen and there were two other girls from my school at this youth group oh that's nice yeah they both turned out straight or mostly straight but yeah mm hm actually one of them is the friend who's moving with her partner to rotterdam ah ha
3412. doesn't quite feel like swearing yeah uhu uhu so yeah lots of people say this erm yeah i've got a girl who does the same thing and like do her teachers at school not say anything about that even your english teachers? like no no ha it's so rude yeah yeah interesting i know i'm happy to swear all the time but i think if you see the
3413. evening and i went down to her flat and i was in her room with her and i was getting to know and like i saw the pictures on her wall and i was like used to go to school with that girl cos she went to erm and i went to high school and they were two private schools in the same town two girls'schools but right next to each other mm like i almost
3414. and i was getting to know and like i saw the pictures on her wall and i was like used to go to school with that girl cos she went to erm and i went to high school and they were two private schools in the same town two girls'schools but right next to each other mm like i almost went to i visited that school and everything the same year that she went and we
3416. erm i remember just chatting to her and like oh what are you up to this summer? and she was like i'm going to morocco on a girls'holiday with some girls from our school and from because you know and i was like oh wow that's such a ssmall world you know that's amazing and she was like yeah you would have been here had to stayed and
3417. yeah turns out was one of those girls yeah it's such a small world innit? it's just so weird and i was looking at all these pictures like i used to go to school with all of these girls like they like was one of my closest friends it was just so weird but yeah basically erm went to the kitchen to sort some stuff out with and it was just me and
3422. lights yes there you are yeah great one can't see that today alright for both of you was it? mm mm yep? fine well i suppose yours was partly taken up with was it after school? er no it was for like ten minutes in the middle of a lesson seems like quite a good idea though i mean lots of parents can't get there in the day but when you when you
3423. make very nice chocolates what the is it called the or something? no never ever thought you might do no i think we did actually did we did we did what you and me? no at school on our school trip to you can eat loads of posh chocolates but it's like not as good as just like mars bars topic on chocolate in year three oh uhu and and you went
3424. chocolates what the is it called the or something? no never ever thought you might do no i think we did actually did we did we did what you and me? no at school on our school trip to you can eat loads of posh chocolates but it's like not as good as just like mars bars topic on chocolate in year three oh uhu and and you went the chocolate shop
3426. then we'll just get some liquid in there alright there's gonna we're gonna be here for hours if you spoon it out like that cos i've had lunch today at school okay well then you won't bully for you i had roast chicken today at school mm lovely meal i know it looks good it's cheap yeah there you go see that works just gets it i
3427. re gonna be here for hours if you spoon it out like that cos i've had lunch today at school okay well then you won't bully for you i had roast chicken today at school mm lovely meal i know it looks good it's cheap yeah there you go see that works just gets it i gets it out a bit quicker dad are you just chilling on the table? no i
3430. private education mm i know private univer well not private university but university i always thought er that and now she's in publishing apparently doing an internship fuck you if you'd gone to state school gone to a pr free er non red brick university you could've had four years experience by now you went to a red brick university and straight into don't think's red brick straight into
3435. to pay the school fees mm so which is more than you actually get coming in at the moment maybe yeah don't don't tell them that you're she's in a private school or anything well she's just say you have to pay for school over there yeah schooling it's not free erm so and which of the about the property or anything because that would compl
3436. coming in at the moment maybe yeah don't don't tell them that you're she's in a private school or anything well she's just say you have to pay for school over there yeah schooling it's not free erm so and which of the about the property or anything because that would complicate things but well it wouldn't make any difference it's
3438. ' t have many looking good man that's the best way to write songs yeah deadlines yeah deadlines that wine please? are you gonna come on thursday? or have you gotta be at school? you've gotta be at school ain't you? well i might be able to why don't you just come down? yeah well m fuck it man well the thing is we '
3439. ' s the best way to write songs yeah deadlines yeah deadlines that wine please? are you gonna come on thursday? or have you gotta be at school? you've gotta be at school ain't you? well i might be able to why don't you just come down? yeah well m fuck it man well the thing is we're not gonna be like it's
3441. though right? it had an upstairs and i dunno what no that would've been fun though we folded it up mm er that'd be cool it's only one month until finishes school again and then we go to paris you might miss our erm closing down party when's that? probably on the fourteenth yeah we'll be away oh well you'll be partying from
3442. getting married there who? a a friend er erm er's son somebody i work with i know's brother just because you know everyone doesn't mean everybody else does i went to school with her daughter didn't really know her mm erm her daughter's now got three two children children excuse me mm and she looked lovely the last time i saw her mm mm which surprised me
3445. very isolated they weren't going out to the shops or mixing with ordinary people no i think people in that position at that time would be very isolated and er they wouldn't have gone to school particularly i don't think they would have had governesses er come to the house for their education and they would have just have had their little court circle probably yes i don't think they '
3446. ##o erm but then maybe not because it's his brother who's organised it and it might just be a case of like yeah his like the guys from the family and your friends from school erm so i just put i'm out that saturday erm would really like to catch up with you soon though and then and then put sorry that's my hen and then like everyone else
3449. start teaching them anything you gotta find out what they know mm and she's had them like three times now and she said she hasn't taught them anything mm how do they get away from school when they don't know anything? well they these are apprentices who left at sixteen or something yeah or whatever and then get roped in well anyone can leave school without knowing anything don't
3450. do they get away from school when they don't know anything? well they these are apprentices who left at sixteen or something yeah or whatever and then get roped in well anyone can leave school without knowing anything don't they? well i suppose they could i mean w how much french did you know when you left school? well we didn't have any french at all exactly exactly but
3451. yeah or whatever and then get roped in well anyone can leave school without knowing anything don't they? well i suppose they could i mean w how much french did you know when you left school? well we didn't have any french at all exactly exactly but we did have english and maths mm science and geography history that's just about the five what period of history did you do
3452. can i don't remember you showing me it ever you about it didn't i? never did learn on it did learn a bit i learned a little bit i stopped having lessons at secondary school they were too expensive i give good money for that cost me money to get rid of it well it's not my fault can't blame an eleven - year - old for those types of decisions
3458. s the sort of depressing thing about it in a way mm yes yes you can already pick them that's right you can can't you? so you've taught in a secondary school? i've never taught in a secondary school no i i don't have secondary qualifications mm erm i have post - compulsory which allows me to work in a further education college oh i see
3459. a way mm yes yes you can already pick them that's right you can can't you? so you've taught in a secondary school? i've never taught in a secondary school no i i don't have secondary qualifications mm erm i have post - compulsory which allows me to work in a further education college oh i see yes yes or a language school which is mostly what
3460. in a secondary school no i i don't have secondary qualifications mm erm i have post - compulsory which allows me to work in a further education college oh i see yes yes or a language school which is mostly what i do i see yes erm so really yeah post sixteen i'd say ah yes erm no i never had secondary but erm but yeah it's it's
3465. you see i've gone back chronolo in order yes yeah so this is his certificate at chapel was it? oh yes tobacco oh those are his shares shares yes yes he also has sunday school certificates shares and then that's their medical their medical health records then this is going back now to mm and this oh so this is where erm and i married and's brother was married to
3466. yeah but yes the the people really are nearly always farmers farmers i can't think of anything that's different yeah erm so that's and then i like this where they went to school and they were in school yeah so that's i don't know what that is it's australian electoral rolls oh yes yes well i've got the well this they were in erm
3467. people really are nearly always farmers farmers i can't think of anything that's different yeah erm so that's and then i like this where they went to school and they were in school yeah so that's i don't know what that is it's australian electoral rolls oh yes yes well i've got the well this they were in erm me begins in yeah where
3472. d be like a london accent so agin agin agin yeah yeah yeah yeah that's a dialect we don't have a it's just an in swimming my family name at school oi oh this is good yeah are you enjoying it? mm how's your jalfrezi dad? good? yeah nice is it alright to steal the chips? yeah help yourself have a
3473. so thin mm i do want to see like i said to you i missed joey badass like in january that's like you know erm er it's just like you're at school and you want to call yourself something innit? oh joey badass over there badass innit? he'll probably change his name cos he was i think like seventeen when he started yeah
3474. heard that before that looks very nice for somebody erm five hundred thousand it's got a semi decent garden yeah i guess there are certain places where like certain towns where there's a good school or whatever that mm people are very concerned about good schools well i'll tell you what let's make this we'll make this comparison more immediate let me put in seven hundred and twenty -
3475. ? no actually i've not well obviously because i was doing the pgce i was teaching spanish oh yeah mm so i was still kind of thinking about it but i mean teaching spanish at secondary school yeah there's not much teaching or spanish involved it's more like sit down stop trying to body slam him in the corner oh god come on sit down oh my god sit down am i gonna
3476. groups you lose all the others and then it's like forever juggling and it wasn't that er i don't know i i seem to remember my classes when i was at secondary school because we were streamed they were a lot more homogeneous yeah so it was only really a handful of naughty boys that used to distract the class yeah but in the schools that i've seen and the schools
3477. yeah and you get them to see that they can actually do it and all those things together motivates them to continue and motivates them to progress yeah but if you go into a secondary school class of thirty kids who don't want to be there who have no idea yeah why learning languages would be important erm if you go in there with an enthusiastic bubbly personality all positive and la
3478. none of us wanna go mm dilemma yeah i mean you know it's not as bad for me a lot a lot of the people in leicester are married with kinds and stuff the kids are in school yep it's a lot harder for them mm but who knows i need to start looking for other jobs really cos at the moment i'm just moaning about not wanting to go but not actually
3481. talk to girls ah and er er boys were okay but girls they it's er jus different planet ah but even then i'm i was something you i was i was fairly quiet at school yeah on erm and it was only sort of since school and started drinking that the real me came out oh smells really nice oh smells of garl and mint basil basil basil? yes dear i love
3483. saw me one day and said do you want to sell your house? what? no why should i do that? you know they said oh you know think about it anyway by that time an old school friend of mine who was er working in woolworths as a a a trainee store manager erm he er was working with this other guy called roger who had this big handlebar moustache i
3484. next to your s winning square stop your scary face right i am going to move you here right oh yes i am i don't want the witch cackle thank you what did you do at school today? mm mm? did learning about plants about plants? we drawed some you d you what? mum you drew some? do you know what i s? and we do one what it the
3485. ? nope have you were you doing it? yeah i dunno what it's called is it an english plant? we found it in the habitat garden oh it was in the habitat garden at school? or somebody found well we found it at school say it explain it again? the petals it's are blue? the petals the flower's blue it's got a purple and red stem
3486. i dunno what it's called is it an english plant? we found it in the habitat garden oh it was in the habitat garden at school? or somebody found well we found it at school say it explain it again? the petals it's are blue? the petals the flower's blue it's got a purple and red stem it's the leaves are the leaves are point
3487. red so did you ask a teacher? she asked she asked if anybody knew it but did nobody know it? no is the habitat garden normally closed? we're could allowed to do it in school if we're learning no but could you show me after school one day? i dunno where it is in the habitat garden? you don't know where it is? erm cos
3488. anybody knew it but did nobody know it? no is the habitat garden normally closed? we're could allowed to do it in school if we're learning no but could you show me after school one day? i dunno where it is in the habitat garden? you don't know where it is? erm cos somebody found it but you didn't see it yourself? and
3489. ' s money for us no it's money to buy you food and clothes she was quite young when she said that i can't i don't know how old she heard it at school didn't she? or whatever mm she must've heard it at school yeah perhaps they were all saying it to their parents yeah family allowance should be for us not for them mm they don '
3490. she was quite young when she said that i can't i don't know how old she heard it at school didn't she? or whatever mm she must've heard it at school yeah perhaps they were all saying it to their parents yeah family allowance should be for us not for them mm they don't think how much you gotta pay out for em buying when she kicked her shoes
3491. ' t do her any good did it? no she had to wear them we can't afford any more i'm afraid you have to i suppose she was showing off to the kids at school weren't she? er her and did it yeah did get a new pair? i don't know no mm well didn't get a new pair that's for sure that yeah she
3492. know no mm well didn't get a new pair that's for sure that yeah she didn't do it again no she didn't do it again and then it was everyone at school is wearing high heels but er wearing high heels yeah no they're not yes they are and then we happened to go to the dentist or something and she met her s friends from school didn't
3493. everyone at school is wearing high heels but er wearing high heels yeah no they're not yes they are and then we happened to go to the dentist or something and she met her s friends from school didn't she? yeah none of them were in high heels where are the high heels? oh well all the rest are well er you're not but you're not you don't
3494. yeah none of them were in high heels where are the high heels? oh well all the rest are well er you're not but you're not you don't wear high heels to school not at thirteen years old anyway not throughout your school it's silly not throughout school no but i mean they might start wearing them at er or higher heels not high heels i mean when i think of
3496. the rest are well er you're not but you're not you don't wear high heels to school not at thirteen years old anyway not throughout your school it's silly not throughout school no but i mean they might start wearing them at er or higher heels not high heels i mean when i think of high heels i think of these stiletto things i don't actually think the school
3498. at one time then they had to allow it didn't they? yeah i think maybe i'm wrong maybe they don't allow it but maybe they don't because i think yeah school shoes isn't it? yeah they have t still have to wear them flat sensible shoes yeah this is where boys come come out better than girls ain't it? girls want to be all fashionable
3505. goats girls'school yeah but it's not it's not the same thing as harrow eton and eton no i don't know really perhaps it is i nearly went to harrow girls'school oh yeah bit posh weren't it? yeah did you wanna go there? yes i did did you? oh god but you had to erm you had to get in mm but i didn
3510. school which was then the school mm the grammar school there were some other schools though weren't there? no just just the grammar school was that all? that was er the catchment area for grammar school no other choice? no there weren't choices then you went to school and that was that mm so can't've been many people could there? no in the whole of area well i
3511. though weren't there? no just just the grammar school was that all? that was er the catchment area for grammar school no other choice? no there weren't choices then you went to school and that was that mm so can't've been many people could there? no in the whole of area well i expect there was no i don't know any other s i don '
3514. but ours was the grammar school and er all us boys in our class and some of the girls was there one at? there's that's a posh school well was there a grammar school at when you were young? oh i don't know never thought of different schools we we just went to s er it didn't even cross our mind we just thought we're not going
3517. was mm there were streams there was a b c and d and all us our gang finished up in the as so i i think the s teachers knew what we were capable of when i was at school anyone who was at er secondary modern could make their way up oh right to grammar school we had quite a lot come up every year did you? yeah oh well we didn't want to go that
3524. ssports and cricket and football and all that sort of thing still helps you funnily enough with counting cos cricket you yeah have to score i mean we didn't play cricket at our school mind you becau well not much well i didn't like it because if you got hit by that ball that hurt mm i remember this boy he was brilliant bowler he come tearing down and bowled
3525. and er from then on in i never played football but there i there's only so many in a team isn't there? they shouldn't worry about that when you're at school no cos there's never gonna be exactly the amouamount for a team so i d no i don't know if they've changed it now but you should all be able
3526. right yeah so if you're if there are any odd ones had to sit out mind you i got picked to run for for er right? just running mm i got picked for for f from school oh right to run for and that went down to three of us and i had to go to school to run mm and i was running against two other people and the f one who come first would '
3529. i came but i never came first no ever in anything sporty well there was thirty - two people in our class all throughout my schooling thirty - two until until the end when people were leaving yeah school mm and my place was always fourteenth right so i was just average mm i always came fourteenth when in er in the whole bit yeah did come first in in er this was in the whole i come first
3530. that is but then it might've been er cos they didn't then have particular books you had to read i don't think no we didn't have to read anything at school no i mean then it came in we had to do macbeth and er lord of the flies and robert frost poets poems that's what i i remember most but we had set books we had to oh
3538. mean her who's joss? jocelyn bell is an a oh she's an astronomer so we're not talking about anyway she w she's a was an old girl of my school i oh yeah no it wasn't her um this she knows everybody clearly so they're the only odd one that i think yeah i can kind of lay claim to having known of yeah no that
3541. person? i think she was nine who won ah really? i find that so cute mm yeah it's a br absolute brilliant story mm i once entered one of them when i was at primary school i didn't get through though how sad got a a story in a book didn't you? yeah yeah too right mm the example just used well you got her story in you sneaky girl
3548. we bought though are horrible oh yeah we give it away don't we? the one's quite nice is it? marshmallow we had one marshmallow? we had one at school yeah that was chocolate orange and it smelt like terry's chocolate orange did it? oh oh i don't like that smell no oh i see i couldn't yeah i couldn't
3550. ? be you could be knocked out in the first round couldn't you? and you'd still get your money yeah mm i'd probably about the ring i did we we had at school if you had an argument with anybody and i didn't mind having a fight in the playground or anything like that but when it come to boxing gloves if you get hit by a blo boxing glove
3551. right like this and he hit me once and i jumped out the ring and that was it stupid game it's a stupid game it used to be the thing though if you had a fight at school or all those years ago kept putting you in the boxing ring they would put you yeah sort it out sort it out now sort it out so i think i'd quite like to have a fight with
3554. be friends with them anymore like you don't do that when you're an adult you don't break up with your friends like that's something you do when you're at school and you're not primary school yeah i don't wanna be your friend anymore you just stop hanging out with someone yeah that's essentially what you do maybe he was he wouldn't but
3555. don't do that when you're an adult you don't break up with your friends like that's something you do when you're at school and you're not primary school yeah i don't wanna be your friend anymore you just stop hanging out with someone yeah that's essentially what you do maybe he was he wouldn't but he giving a hint to yeah maybe
3556. lies but then to someone else no it's you could be tall no it's five foot three and under not to many people it's little yes well i had some pictures taken primary school kids with my mum on tuesday and it was quite weird how are they adorable? being taller than someone she was erm she's defini how tall is your mum? she's shrinking my
3559. children ah jesus christ mm oh well don't care that much no no i go i was saying to mum actually at the weekend i can't believe it's been since we were at school it's been like six years no longer than six years seven years seven years no two thousand and nine we left it'll be six years this summer it was weird that is really creepy which means
3560. august yeah good god time flies so ol so quickly when we're getting old i know we're getting old and wrinkly and crinkly and saggy soon think how long your school holidays felt like yeah six weeks seemed to last years forever and then when it came back you really really wanted to go back and then actually you were like damn it i want another holiday after a day you
3563. and every year seven and every staff member an account to that i never even knew i had it so i couldn't use it so they what when you were there? nno this is at school last year oh at school? yeah so oh believe it or not they got rid of that one it for this september they don't don't have that anymore it changes so quickly doesn't
3564. every staff member an account to that i never even knew i had it so i couldn't use it so they what when you were there? nno this is at school last year oh at school? yeah so oh believe it or not they got rid of that one it for this september they don't don't have that anymore it changes so quickly doesn't it? yeah you know
3567. i certainly haven't for many many years but i may have done yeah on an early visit to where you used to live yeah i think i remember we went there with school when i was primary school i think but i don't think since then i'm not sure i've been in the house i remember them all going to a lake which apparently was the other end but yeah yeah that
3569. to rebuild the folly oh mm cos erm we used to our primary school was you could walk across the field and end up at the folly oh right so sometimes we used to go there from school oh mm you didn't have a drive around? no no we didn't go to no you didn't see's old house weren't far away we saw a signpost to
3570. ? bit of a strange one what's a strange one? strange meal oh so tomorrow i erm are you getting a lift tomorrow do you think? with yeah definitely what time are you at school tomorrow? same time mm? same time what time and what time would that be? erm big daddy about ha eight big mummy probably big daddy what time do you finish school? please do you want
3571. time are you at school tomorrow? same time mm? same time what time and what time would that be? erm big daddy about ha eight big mummy probably big daddy what time do you finish school? please do you want one? oh oh okay okay okay okay erm yeah tomato sauce? what? ten to four which er i'll be back at half four? yeah what time is your
3578. apparently i really hated him and i don't remember having these strong feelings about but my granddd says that i i drew pictures of him being like attacked by like ghosts when i was in primary school and i deeply scarred by did this happen to him in real life? huh? did anything happen to him afterwards? to i don't so it wasn't it wasn't a bit like
3580. ' t know cos like i feel like maybe it's cos we're so y i remem i distinctly remember sitting in our brand new it suite in high school in primary school even yeah and i distinctly remember going oh yeah they were like you know the big white ones the massive ones weren't they? oh right oh no i was at like cos it was quite it
3581. say like oh like o post? well yeah or like you you sort of have to know like when you've i'll meet you on wednesday at like two pm yeah t when you finish school like five o'clock the whatever like s ha ha ha at the bus stop and then you have to arrange with your mum what time you'll be home can't ring you can they?
3582. well yeah they do yeah yeah so i felt like well she's she's very peculiar yeah the bikes was a good idea cos the kids walk walk walk tens of miles to get to school there to get there yeah oh right so sh they the school held the bikes and gave the bikes to those that came the longest mm and they had to hand them in when they left the school oh and
3586. mm every now and then yeah okay yeah yeah i mean it is quite a lot for him to do and well if you if he's working the in the ground is moist he's at school cos ground is moist yeah well they're in they're in er growbags mm the tomatoes mm you'll have to have a look so you but if the ground is nice and moist
3587. still half thinking about the teaching which will be good it's strange she's never been in paid employment in any capacity actually thinking about it mm as in sort of even when i was at school and this is me i had a part - time job as in i did it like three or four times and i still actually had that experience yeah and this is sort of me i mean i had and
3594. public schools because oddly enough two reasons firstly public schools are selective secondly intelligent is to some extent inherited well i was just going to say that if you've been taught well and properly for your entire school career in small classes of course you're going you're probably more confident and more and and talk better whereas if you really haven't ever been taught properly well no just leaving that aside assuming
3596. course is that is that erm quite apart from the genetic issue people middle - class parents who have achieved as a result of their own ed education value education and they want their child to go to school schools are a beneficial exercise if your parents don't want you to go to school you're probably not going to go to cambridge are you? well no if you if you don't value
3597. parents who have achieved as a result of their own ed education value education and they want their child to go to school schools are a beneficial exercise if your parents don't want you to go to school you're probably not going to go to cambridge are you? well no if you if you don't value education you won't accept it and that's another problem with the whole system
3600. years hey that's not bad yeah i think so i think it's i think it's twenty - five years cos yeah we're we're taught this erm at school or at uni yeah if you're out of the country for twenty - five years they wipe it yeah yeah that's cool handy hint for you though if you think you might want a uk
3602. why but it's but that that's just like it's so like animal rights extremism what the fuck? like there's like there are no there are no kids in school who are like that like just like cos that yeah that's kind of like a like knowing outdated his obsession yeah yeah it's outdated yeah and like the i guess far right but like but
3604. you've got like haven't you? yeah got two things on and it's going be a bit difficult to and i've got like a dinner with erm like girls from school and she's just been in the diary and booked for like was so funny about that by the way so he was saying he was like yeah we've got three plans on saturday on friday night
3605. self i had to do the self - study exercise in the class really? so i was like oh my god this is this is really too early to i didn't get to show the high school thing i didn't get to what were you doing? do the author and the writer thing that's what and i saw everybody else in the classes and they had load of stuff on the board
3606. empty didn't they? the holiday i know let's i would have thought the season would have started now end of bloomin june well that i mean in england the children are still at school but you'd think maybe other people would have come wouldn't you? yeah i don't know what the erm what the demographics are like really in terms of how many british people come
3608. when was younger yeah yeah yeah a younger and's thirteen? twelve twelve going to year eight yeah does he like? yeah he does? yeah i think so's going there next year and school's compulsory now until eighteen isn't it? yeah he says they've erm mm we he's is that true? it's quite a big school isn't it?
3610. er apprentices? yeah okay baccalaureate sort of thing i wonder whether they they're just trying to now do it so you can maybe you can stay like you don't have to stay in school or join an official apprentice programme yeah perhaps there's one or the other but you have to do something personally i don't see a problem with finishing school maybe maybe eighteen i don't think
3611. don't have to stay in school or join an official apprentice programme yeah perhaps there's one or the other but you have to do something personally i don't see a problem with finishing school maybe maybe eighteen i don't think you should go to university immediately no no i think you shouldn't be able to go to uni at least until you're twenty - one i think
3614. we're like eleventh or something? yeah yeah we were quite low down like we dropped a place or two i think? finland first yeah they work less hours they have less homework they go to school when they're older i really it's gonna be difficult for me to have different ideas about you know the education system but has to work in education within the system for the whole i honestly believe
3615. most people just shy away from it because it has you know a reputation for being like that i'm not gonna like i'm not particularly mathematically inclined but when i did maths at school i did fine in it it wasn't a problem i just found it boring it it is erm for the it is boring ac it's not applicable there's no what do you do
3616. square equals c square just to pass it to come and pass the test yeah yeah we just need a complete revamp of how i mean maybe teachers are better nowadays than they were when we were in school but i certainly know that how and i teach english isn't how french was being taught to us at school not at all methodology's moved on a lot since then mm well i mean i know
3617. ##amp of how i mean maybe teachers are better nowadays than they were when we were in school but i certainly know that how and i teach english isn't how french was being taught to us at school not at all methodology's moved on a lot since then mm well i mean i know i know a lot of people at who were in the education department in fact one of the guys who was the
3627. eight so yeah i was born in may is's your age isn't she? she's eighty - seven she's eighty - seven may so we were in the same year at school i believe and were in the year below us yeah was in the year below me yeah yeah she i took a gap year before uni as well when is your birthday in december? mm pretty close to
3631. one position at all you're just constantly moving yeah i love that so that's nice that's you know fluid em and they'd create these three heads of business like one for school books one for school publishing one for adult book publishing and one for exams publishing but exams which is the list i work on is doing its own rogue thing in the corner because they work with assessment but no
3632. you're just constantly moving yeah i love that so that's nice that's you know fluid em and they'd create these three heads of business like one for school books one for school publishing one for adult book publishing and one for exams publishing but exams which is the list i work on is doing its own rogue thing in the corner because they work with assessment but no one really understands what
3635. brought the gym into it? yeah as a place to hang out? it was like oh god they've clearly run out of places to go oh love it they don't really go to school anymore do they? there's not really any characters no in school i think they've tried to grow up a bit it out a bit yeah cos there used to be loads of scenes in
3636. it was like oh god they've clearly run out of places to go oh love it they don't really go to school anymore do they? there's not really any characters no in school i think they've tried to grow up a bit it out a bit yeah cos there used to be loads of scenes in school like who does go to school? the only people who go to
3638. not really any characters no in school i think they've tried to grow up a bit it out a bit yeah cos there used to be loads of scenes in school like who does go to school? the only people who go to school are mason not mason what's his face bailey is he in it anymore? no bailey wanted to go and stay with a family cos he couldn't
3639. think they've tried to grow up a bit it out a bit yeah cos there used to be loads of scenes in school like who does go to school? the only people who go to school are mason not mason what's his face bailey is he in it anymore? no bailey wanted to go and stay with a family cos he couldn't deal with the fact that his dad died
3641. really fun with like articulate and like do you want oh it i might see if i can like i'm trying to think if i can like dig i've got some like proper old school photos of somewhere yeah that's good i've still got that thing she handed out to each of us on our last day in year eleven get yeah and our picture and oh yeah it was like
3642. then like that would be good though cos then she's gonna i think it's better that they're then she's gonna need about being the one when you went to primary school with her yeah like i remember i remember like they had these like big like you know like well what would they have been called? like storage cabiney type things yeah at the back of the lot and
3643. ? yes what it was called sorry that sounded wrong then i used to love that and go in for a panini oh my god oh it was amazing used to do it on the way from the school we'd go in a lot yeah go and get a bagel and a don't know how we afforded it delux hot drink oh yeah every saturday only had a decaf it's
3645. about them now erm i don't i went through an entire er school without reading any wordsworth yeah i can i can believe that you know i didn't read any wordsworth at school and it's not very palatable for younger people coleridge and shelley however did coleridge are exciting oh man i just er really er am really er indecided undecided you really are
3649. ' ve discovered that they actually really like their thing who's the they? this hypothetical person the thing about people at is that they that's always been what they're good at in school yeah i mean what i'm saying is people who go on whose thing hasn't always been being good at school who have actually discovered a subject are mmore will always be much more interesting people
3650. is that they that's always been what they're good at in school yeah i mean what i'm saying is people who go on whose thing hasn't always been being good at school who have actually discovered a subject are mmore will always be much more interesting people erm when i went i haven't told you about when i went to get a c from have i? no
3651. the two houses next to are like no but it's the kind of people around yeah well the thing is i also don't need to have a house in because you're not at school there you know that i it is an option to erm sell up buy a three - bedroom flat in you know er there are there are total options er but i think it's i think it
3652. when you could go to so much better ones for the same price how is? must be she's quite old now is incredibly boring incredibly boring? you know whether she should send to a private school or a state school? beg your pardon? talking about school to send to oh my god that sounds like pulling teeth i know man i couldn't get out of there quick enough you are so lucky
3653. to so much better ones for the same price how is? must be she's quite old now is incredibly boring incredibly boring? you know whether she should send to a private school or a state school? beg your pardon? talking about school to send to oh my god that sounds like pulling teeth i know man i couldn't get out of there quick enough you are so lucky i got divorced jesus
3655. you took a year out i know but i also to me with my frien friendship yeah group well because you were friends with people who were the year above you weren't you? yeah at school and then have you seen much of been in touch with? erm not not not f i think not i think maybe like a week ago i when i was going to mexico and she asked me what
3660. overall right what sort of age group were you teaching? they're secondary oh right so quite tough? yes mm yes quite challenging i imagine very challenging and mm yep did you not fancy doing primary school at all? um tut er er what you see w what i think now i've narrowed down my passion to is the the english language right um yeah i love teaching english um as a foreign
3664. your pen mm your paper your your books and mhm you know phones off and i d i just yep sometimes i like i'm walking down here and i see er you know girls going to school and they've got so much make up on and jewellery and mhm and er you know skirts er s i i mean er that makes me sound about ninety but i'm not for the record
3665. weekend do you mind? huh it's like that just encourage you know not enforcing any rules and letting them go in looking like mm going for a night out yeah never mind going to r to school no to learn exactly that's that's what the thing is though no it's not good is it and er obviously if you're a primary teacher you can control your own rules on
3667. and really sort of embrace those sort of definitely people don't you and maybe even give them an avenue to develop that from mm a very early age absolutely as opposed to force people to go to school at the age of eleven and study things that their brains doesn't really aren't no tut you know are catered for yeah that they can't get grasp mm um tut you
3669. well i can do it pretty much but this teacher was no no no no so yeah and i said well i won't play it then you know went onto brass instruments when i got to secondary school but so i said oh let me have a go let me have a go so we got this thing here and i was sorta like oh yeah and a and after about a minute of the i said
3670. but yes some people are naturally that's their their thing yeah you know what i mean? yeah i totally agree because i can hardly remember any of the language that i learnt when i was at school now mm and i thought some of it might come back when i was cos i went to paris a few weeks ago and i thought some of it would come back yes i was gonna ask you about
3672. ' s a black sabbath song oh yeah so no i'm not gonna sing it all but yeah it's a black sabbath song iron man but anyway yes erm you were doing that at school? no i i wish we were oh no we were doing all about the iron age and right rubbish d you you know it's d and i was thinking i wanted to learn about the first world
3673. stress i can understand being scared of mobiles if you mm because when you're like the if you know from strong from being a kid you don't have any worries when you then start school you get really busy and then from school to work you're always busy mm mm mm if you have kids you're always busy mm and then when you get to the point of retirement and getting
3682. of vouchers oh right today so we went there and the girl was so pleasant that served us she's from the college college ah and it's all one school now yeah had a school and sixth form college it's all one school now well whatever she's yeah hang on well that's nice she was she was really nice i quite enjoyed chatting they're trying to be
3683. there and the girl was so pleasant that served us she's from the college college ah and it's all one school now yeah had a school and sixth form college it's all one school now well whatever she's yeah hang on well that's nice she was she was really nice i quite enjoyed chatting they're trying to be like school calling themselves school and sixth form college well
3687. the cadets? no what what do you mean like oh it was it was with school we did like a oh like a recruitment day yeah yeah yeah like when you do you used to see them at school yeah we did like three weeks in it so it was like you go there residential they they show you how to live like a soldier like if you might want to be a soldier sort of thing okay er
3690. she were underage and he got done for being a paedophile really? so she she must have been like fifteen fourteen or fifteen or something like that yeah like just turning sixteen when she left school i think it was up to gcse's so i don't think we were old enough to do gcse's yet i dunno i can't that's really
3691. i dunno i can't that's really bad remember exactly but summat like i'll google it erm cos there were loads of shit about it and his name was what school did you go to? hang on it were and a guy called summat i don't know yeah no i remember that i saw it in erm it were a few years ago that happened but
3693. ' ve got no no no because if you hear the other side of the story cos obviously i went to that school so i only read it in the paper i know a load of people from school i've hear all sorts of different accounts yeah from what i can gather is that he helped put her in a class cos i know who it was it was a girl called whose sister i don
3695. of one of my best mates he was really good mates with her he was erm into music and whilst they were in music club he'd seen her er stay behind for loads of er after school music lessons with him yeah that'd been going on for quite a while and he'd seen her be get changed before after a lesson and happened to be walking past the lesson and she were taking
3696. aren't they? yeah he looks like a paedophile to be fair yeah but he obviously you can tell he's immature can't ya? yeah and er yeah fucking hell at school oh my god that's really bad that that that's not that's when she was eighteen if you go back far enough it'll probably be there'll probably be a picture of
3703. not out that's england second highest odi total i'm surprised by that what does odi stand for? one day international buttler one 0 five off seventy - six he went to my old school stokes fifty - seven hales fifty - seven yeah thanks dear is that what you wanted to know? yeah i knew a lot of that but you told me what i did want to know as well okay
3704. ' s still places to book cos we're leaving it quite late aren't we? yeah fortunately i don't think the kids will be yet like the kids will ha in in school holidays at that time then i mean it probably is coming up to it not far off it but like mid july i think isn't it? mm so you've got from the sixth to the
3705. and then they just disappear yeah yeah wellingtons and then like wizard macs literally you wouldn't know that those kids were there are you looking into my childhood? i wore this i loved my school shoes my clarks school shoes that had a key in you know that one that they a hologram of the key oh my god yes i remember those i was devastated when i grew out of those i
3706. yeah yeah wellingtons and then like wizard macs literally you wouldn't know that those kids were there are you looking into my childhood? i wore this i loved my school shoes my clarks school shoes that had a key in you know that one that they a hologram of the key oh my god yes i remember those i was devastated when i grew out of those i remember those and did you
3707. cos they were obviously really easy to do up as a kid aren't they you haven't got laces or anything to worry about doogles and i remember when i went to high school first year in big school el all the kids you know everyone has different things where they grow up don't they but the fashion at my place was kickers kickers yeah everybody wore kickers or
3710. nice yeah they were great and all the girls were like tottering round on their heels and i was like going round my my flat pods on love it all us kids used to rebel on trainers at school and we used like black reebok classics yeah like pure black and even if there was a little bit of colour on them we'd just colour them in so they'd all be black but
3713. re a teenager for sure don't know why i did that really but apparently i thought it was important at the time i remember taking my boyfriend at the time to go shoe shopping for my new school shoes and my new school handbag oh i was that was the best thing though wasn't it? like in august going shopping for your new shoes i always used to go to dolcis shoes
3715. ##is shoes did you? i used i had shoes from shoe shoe shoes that's did you? i used to look forward to getting a new rucksack i don't know why new school bag yeah i used to ram my yeah like in the beginning of school i used ram it full of stuff yeah and like almost break it carrying everything i owned in it i used to have those handbags
3717. were actually horrendous me and my group of friends we used to oh in sixth form we used to work at a a call centre just around the corner so we were either there or at school hid in the sixth form we used to have a bag of clothes you know stuff that you wear but you don't really wear so we used to bring it in shove it in the bag and then
3718. have a bag of clothes you know stuff that you wear but you don't really wear so we used to bring it in shove it in the bag and then if you wanted to come straight to school or straight to work after being out we had a storage of clothes at both places and you could just go ah pull out some clothes and shove them on jesus and every bank holiday you're animals to
3719. isn't it? that's pretty bad cos you were just a child yeah mm and the the managers used to let us leave stuff in there like if we'd go straight from school to work and then straight from work out on bank holiday mm they'd let us leave our stuff in their cupboards and lock it for us really? yeah and then let us put our heels in
3726. he was too nice yeah used to be a bit i wasn't i wasn't i wasn't i had never experienced that sort of niceness before yeah and they were all in our school he's so nice so it just came like a shock i'm i'm used to it now i like it oh well g those those ladies that old lady has a scooter she
3727. near the water that's true you're to all move back you're gonna carry all of us okay maybe not oh you're so cute sorry oh yeah he's gonna start school you know what? when we go to spain guys me you us three and are sharing a room yeah? yeah that'll be sick it'll be so much banter i just what do you
3730. the catholic church discussion with people engaged in don bosko centre visit of an orthodox cathedral discussion with priest in cathedral er excursion visit the monastery out of city ostrog day five visit the madras muslim school and cultural centre in dinosa a village near albanian border visit the gymnasium in tuzi and mani municipality with majority of mmuslim and catholic albanians workshop with students joint lunch excursion for elderly part of group
3731. the past erm paper erm you could just not like the way that they're taught at erm assessed and that yeah what did you say? the fact that you have to go to school you have to sit in the classroom and also yeah i kind of don't really like miss's lessons okay and dr's lessons people kind of like they were good i like dr but they
3732. she's a smart bread i don't even kn i didn't even see this girl who does she hang out with? oh with oh's nice doesn't go to our school she hangs out with other white people and and her white crew outside of school oh's buff's buff she's buff she should be a model she's like model buff she's
3733. t even see this girl who does she hang out with? oh with oh's nice doesn't go to our school she hangs out with other white people and and her white crew outside of school oh's buff's buff she's buff she should be a model she's like model buff she's so tall as well yeah as tall as like used to like her don '
3735. that? yeah yeah yeah i don't we screenshotted the stuff it was like he was like it's really creepy oh he creepy he he he is he talks about girls at our school a lot creep man yeah bar anyone? ah i can't believe he's african and he's an only child you don't understand he's an only child? you don '
3738. ' s okay maybe to know that they can get help yeah cos we can talk about like there's people in school like mrs or or our teachers outside of school they could mrs or outside school i guess cos our cos er everyone would be old enough to make their own doctor's appointment and stuff so they uhu really need to go through yeah external bodies exactly like our school yeah
3739. school i guess cos our cos er everyone would be old enough to make their own doctor's appointment and stuff so they uhu really need to go through yeah external bodies exactly like our school yeah er wait what years will we be doing this to? our year this will just be sixth form yeah but er the idea was the other years but that'll be later in the term so oh
3749. just don't want to have the wobbly bits do you know what? if i got to nine something mm i'd feel like when i was like i was the size i was at school oh and that's kind of like what it's all about i think i was about twelve and a half at school okay and that's like when i look at people obviously at the time
3750. d feel like when i was like i was the size i was at school oh and that's kind of like what it's all about i think i was about twelve and a half at school okay and that's like when i look at people obviously at the time i thought i was huge a huge heffalump i thought i was huge though but isn't that ridiculous? it
3751. a huge heffalump i thought i was huge though but isn't that ridiculous? it is ridiculous and then you look back and you're like do you know what though? at school i wouldn't have walked around in a bikini i wouldn't though no so no chance you'd have been mortified i wouldn't have ever got in a bikini and walked around no
3752. around in a bikini i wouldn't though no so no chance you'd have been mortified i wouldn't have ever got in a bikini and walked around no i didn't at school no i know i know i know but i would i did have that vision initially of just like it would have been but it would have been inappropriate wouldn't it? but i wouldn't have
3753. so she's just responded to what said to her about how erm you should stay for three hours so anyway i genuinely really good dispenser from now yeah i'm an old school now yeah you look better in dispenser now yeah because i was i was taught the old school way yeah and then they changed it so that now people are learning stuff on the computer but then
3754. so anyway i genuinely really good dispenser from now yeah i'm an old school now yeah you look better in dispenser now yeah because i was i was taught the old school way yeah and then they changed it so that now people are learning stuff on the computer but then they're never actually doing the practice so no one's any good like not jobs but they '
3758. the summer i'm definitely not somebody who's good in warm weather little squeekity yeah i've never worked out how people actually enjoy summer i mean i enjoy not being at school and being able to not i like the sunshine having some sunshine is nice but i don't like the fact that it makes everything far far too hot and everything's all humid and sticky and no
3763. important the higher up you go if you actually understand all that mm you so much of it just er falls into place it's it's ver i remember i mean i hated chemistry at school did you? in fact yeah i hated chemistry i hated biology but i loved physics yeah but i couldn't do it er i was never any good at it because of maths really? basically which
3766. transcribed it so oh right and it's very real this has been probably the most difficult game to play the board it started with my first word didn't it? yeah was it a comprehensive school that you went to? mm yeah yeah yeah yeah right next to the steelworks where? in in in hinterland? yeah ye ye south south hinterland yeah be the capital mm but yeah you could
3767. in in the classroom and look out er out the window and across the yeah the playground and whatever and there's the steelworks mm and this is where most people went to work right straight from school including me mm but then was that aged aged sixteen then? yeah that sounds right so yeah yeah the bright lights of theatre mm so when beckoned did you get into stage? oh before that that was
3768. sixteen then? yeah that sounds right so yeah yeah the bright lights of theatre mm so when beckoned did you get into stage? oh before that that was before i was yeah yeah but when at school how did yeah that happen? when? professionall yeah before er well g my parents being in it all you know oh okay anyway and then i started working as a props boy for various shows oh i
3769. bet you learnt your chippy skills from your dad ye er like like did well no no not really did you get an a level in chippy? i did you know i did woodwork at school you know and then yeah and chippiology yeah though i didn't no i never trained as a chippy at all but er you know did i i worked i did a four - year apprenticeship
3774. know i said i would have had aeroplanes on my quilt oh yeah that's right i i've been a biggles fan since i was ten erm oh and when i was at school my friends and i you know we all wanted to learn to fly and obviously you just think it's too expensive i can't possibly do it mm and is actually not that far from where i
3775. an hour yeah i know but well i didn't even know i think akureyri is even smaller i don't even know if they had another university but she was they had a school up there and well i mean it's so yeah i think they probably it probably small because the population is small isn't it well she she came back but she came back because the economy you
3780. something like that but cos i i know i kind of use emails as a substitute for letters i used to write letters yeah erm you know and i've still got letters that my my school friends and i used to write letters in the school holidays to each other now see again perhaps it's because of facebook because i'm mm see a lot of people on facebook yes yes so i
3781. kind of use emails as a substitute for letters i used to write letters yeah erm you know and i've still got letters that my my school friends and i used to write letters in the school holidays to each other now see again perhaps it's because of facebook because i'm mm see a lot of people on facebook yes yes so i don't tend to email them now erm
3786. really good did she have some lines? yes she did and then was a dancer oh wow yeah oh was she? yes oh bless her they gave that part because because she's been struggling at school and they wanted to boost her confidence so mm that's why they gave her a part wow brilliant yeah ah and what about? has got his carol service tonight oh okay oh god it's all
3793. on friday? friday are you going to take are you getting the train? are they paying for your train? yeah how you getting? we're going up in a minibus flipping heck a school bus oh that's going to be a long journey so you're going up on friday and then where are you staying? getting a hotel in oh by the school and then you're going
3795. but its its construct i you have a tacit understanding of of language yeah your on your knowledge of er the construct is far superior to mine and i have to smile because erm when i left school although i could speak reasonably well i could not communicate on paper one of my whereas that was probably the main part of your job a girlfriend taught me how to do that and it's i it took
3796. to be to really analyse the the language and it's and it's and it's my job yes exactly but when i look back at your father yeah he came out of the school system and i i didn't know where full stops went commas inverted commas semi colons yeah i mean that's what should happen shouldn't it? no nnothing you should
3797. go too cheap with toilet roll though do you? it's just no there's there's three grades there's thin go on then thinner and oh yeah oh why was it at school you always got the worst at school did you get that like awful greaseproof paper that's like? yeah oh yeah cor you felt as it was cutting as you oh gosh it's
3798. do you? it's just no there's there's three grades there's thin go on then thinner and oh yeah oh why was it at school you always got the worst at school did you get that like awful greaseproof paper that's like? yeah oh yeah cor you felt as it was cutting as you oh gosh it's horrible mm and you'd be
3799. that like awful greaseproof paper that's like? yeah oh yeah cor you felt as it was cutting as you oh gosh it's horrible mm and you'd be desperate at school and you'd be hanging on and you'd just be dash when you got off the bus that was horrible fortunately our bus stopped it hurt it did hurt why would you why would you do that
3800. ' d just be dash when you got off the bus that was horrible fortunately our bus stopped it hurt it did hurt why would you why would you do that? yes encourage children not to go at school even i'd rather have used newspaper yeah at least that's soft definitely dad used to wait until about a hundred and yeah i never bothered that never er bothered me the type of food you eat
3802. teacher loved me today? did he? did he? mm and what did you say? does the t pe teacher love you? he does love you we know that he would cry if you quit school he said that i'm a dead man if i don't pick pe what for your gcse? what mr said that? is he allowed to say that to you? he used to
3803. first part yeah it's quite hard work yeah harder than me mm so what does do other than football? cricket? yeah mm he does athletics as well doesn't he? not outside of school pardon? not outside of school oh okay do you enjoy that? it was fine thanks what did say about the coaching? did he mention it to you? no he hasn't he just asked how
3804. quite hard work yeah harder than me mm so what does do other than football? cricket? yeah mm he does athletics as well doesn't he? not outside of school pardon? not outside of school oh okay do you enjoy that? it was fine thanks what did say about the coaching? did he mention it to you? no he hasn't he just asked how it went and i said it
3806. don't you? no my leg well it's up to you if you can do it but if you miss the bus i'm not taking you alright how am i gonna get to school? she says that but she will take you yeah no i'm not taking you she says that but if you do miss the bus she will take him to school well obviously i'll take you
3807. how am i gonna get to school? she says that but she will take you yeah no i'm not taking you she says that but if you do miss the bus she will take him to school well obviously i'll take you to school oh and how long would you hear about it? but you're not gonna no hang on you're not gonna miss and guess whose fault it would
3808. says that but she will take you yeah no i'm not taking you she says that but if you do miss the bus she will take him to school well obviously i'll take you to school oh and how long would you hear about it? but you're not gonna no hang on you're not gonna miss and guess whose fault it would be when i phone up but you're
3809. was that a problem if he's had his breakfast? what do you mean? erm yeah how long do you spend in the shower? well he does spend a long time no not on school days oh yeah we'll be out by twenty - five to if he's got his bag packed ten minutes for breakfast he never packs his bag the night before do you? yeah i do no
3811. only have been five or six mm do you think? i thought you were older than that but er i wouldn't like to say how old you were well kn i know you watched it at school it was er definitely when we lived in lane cos that was the house i wouldn't go downstairs wouldn't go downstan stairs on my own cos i thought they were gonna come in
3812. fifteen it's like er they've been on the tv for like fifteen years now because biker g er they're when they were in bik biker grove it was when i was at school mm so that well no it in fact actually it would've been earlier it was when i first started watching it so i think when they released their first single it was s nineteen ninety - four so
3813. ' d be i'm sure mm an advanced civilization oh that's you i wondered what it was ghosts? mm ghosts in the machine huh god you wouldn't s ever go back to school would you du du wow that's quite a grey cloud over there can you see? isn't it yeah no er i've been watching it muh i don't want it to
3816. year or so back oh when something was all over facebook there were people from on it weren't they? that oh really? oh my god this girl's on it and i went to school with her and she oh no i don't know what they were on for but my ne oh no she was my next door neighbour she now lives in canada mm her and her friend were flown out
3817. to try and help me with my maths which is er for like about teenage lads to help them with their maths and stuff and i thought oh yeah and it's really good or primary school lads erm but apart from that er it's only been when book club it's yeah we can't get it on mm what d and i'm like what do you mean we
3819. you what it depends what i've got the next day but i always do it in the morning if she recharges it that in the car yes good point can you not take it to school to charge it up? yes trains do it at school never be at a moment in your life when you're not recharging most people at our school do it at school mummy there should never
3820. day but i always do it in the morning if she recharges it that in the car yes good point can you not take it to school to charge it up? yes trains do it at school never be at a moment in your life when you're not recharging most people at our school do it at school mummy there should never be a moment in your life when you're not
3821. point can you not take it to school to charge it up? yes trains do it at school never be at a moment in your life when you're not recharging most people at our school do it at school mummy there should never be a moment in your life when you're not recharging for free somebody else's electricity how everybody else does it for free at work do they
3822. take it to school to charge it up? yes trains do it at school never be at a moment in your life when you're not recharging most people at our school do it at school mummy there should never be a moment in your life when you're not recharging for free somebody else's electricity how everybody else does it for free at work do they let you? yes
3824. are having it refugees are what? just as well having a clear out for refugees library? what? this is an unwanted christmas present that gave me i thought you could wear it on the yard at school e it's nearly it's nearly identical to what we've got for you give it to who loves them yeah i could has a scarf that's what we've got there will
3827. a shit today why do they say that? something stupid like yeah do you remember msn? yeah way way back that's old school that is old school used to go and leave everyone at school go home go on msn chat to everyone who you just saw at school what you doing at the weekend? i'm going to see er see nice idea honestly they weren't metallica what
3828. remember msn? yeah way way back that's old school that is old school used to go and leave everyone at school go home go on msn chat to everyone who you just saw at school what you doing at the weekend? i'm going to see er see nice idea honestly they weren't metallica what's this laptop take then? i'll just show you how '
3829. so did you two go to uni? no no no no that's when we split i went to uni i went to oh right went to the army oh okay so you were at school together? yeah yeah yeah we weren't that close really until like the last couple of months no no haven't got time yeah so yeah sherlock right what's he do when we'd
3830. know if that means anything no yeah yeah my mum used to work with yeah back er years and years ago yeah yeah it's there do you know? who?? yeah she went to our school in long hair mm yeah friends with i didn't really know her i fancied her for a bit i was gonna say some people used to have a crush on her yeah i did ginger bird
3831. her either she was really fat as well did you know anything about those boys dying just outside? i just heard that what was that? s i dunno thought it might have been your year at school or something maybe they were younger i didn't hear does this kind of shit normally happen or is it just every time i come home there's like stuff going down no it's just life
3833. think in some ways it is you know you're waking up at the same time eating the same breakfasts and going to work er or if you're a student you're going to school every day and it can be very boring erm and at the same time of course it's not boring there's so many exciting things for you to do er and you can make life interesting
3839. yes yes yes i was just writing i was too eager to write it that's why i did it really quickly so you only heard it recently? yeah okay it was current when i was at school i'd never heard it before it's er really old isn't it er do you remember it? i can't remember it no or perhaps it was something it was something similar how
3840. all know what to do yeah mm and i'd be standing there like um but it's entertaining mm um i guess he had a sort of an upbringing like mine but he went to public school mhm private school public school mm um mm but yeah out of everyone i've met you know his parents taught him to be nice i suppose okay and they invited dad along did they? i don
3841. do yeah mm and i'd be standing there like um but it's entertaining mm um i guess he had a sort of an upbringing like mine but he went to public school mhm private school public school mm um mm but yeah out of everyone i've met you know his parents taught him to be nice i suppose okay and they invited dad along did they? i don't know if
3842. mm and i'd be standing there like um but it's entertaining mm um i guess he had a sort of an upbringing like mine but he went to public school mhm private school public school mm um mm but yeah out of everyone i've met you know his parents taught him to be nice i suppose okay and they invited dad along did they? i don't know if dad would
3843. time yeah remember that oh yeah she like te trying her french out on the and she's talking to them she wasn't bad actually no i expect she was good did you do french at school? yes but i never got on with it no no i never liked french i think it was the teacher more i didn't like the teacher who do they have? there was someone at the convent
3844. ah the telegraph the french teacher? er yeah she did she did the language yeah mm mm oh and also plays and stuff oh right yeah mm course your mum used to do some of those plays at school oh and a she was acting was she? well singing i suppose more than anything else mm yeah and they used to tie up with the erm school but the boys school ah right yes and and so
3849. ah right oh yes i bet they liked that came on they were all oh chatting they didn't play with the other one but er the clapping was just like that from the from the boy from school and when mummy came on they were all up in arms oh right but honestly i was shouting at er yes yes that's nice but i who used to take us somewhere on holiday mm and er it
3851. and the house the house is about quarter of a mile from the the chapel oh right and and all the street was lined with people ah that's lovely because she she taught them all at sunday school like mm just and it was her own house the chapel going towards her house yes and it was her own house just and of course er she used to teach their children mm so when the got married word
3852. bless her and her eczema she gets really bad eczema come on you people we've got to move that car oh yeah like now you know she's just gone back to school? yeah she's in year f four isn't she? is she? yeah she's in year four now i thought she was in year two or three or something no four okay they
3856. out that she needs a wine and then order one it's like mm i just think it's but it's like a mimiddle class and wine is really bad like i remember at school they just told us all this stuff like oh like how much is too much and i remember like i swear dad and mum would have like a bottle of wine each a night they did sometimes like and they
3858. a er a lot that they should be doing about right and wrong and about erm morals and such like but erm and er and apparently lots of kids now absolutely lots of kids are arriving at school aged five not potty trained i've heard of that and can't can't read yes and then they expect that and can barely speak someone else is because they don't speak to
3863. to the outside it it was a victorian building yeah it was absolutely wonderful and quite frequently i had to collect him to take him to a hospital appointment cos of course he was in and out of school like nobody's business but wwe'd go along we'd look in the window and and there's the the whole class sitting there like this yeah writing away and then you'd see
3869. with the erm primary section down in town right erm was that where they er? a primary school or was it more like a erm? no it was a school it's a school right okay it was a school right was a school? yeah er it sort of grew from kindergarten mm to primary mm mm mm er and they were housed in that rather nice stone building that is now today
3870. down in town right erm was that where they er? a primary school or was it more like a erm? no it was a school it's a school right okay it was a school right was a school? yeah er it sort of grew from kindergarten mm to primary mm mm mm er and they were housed in that rather nice stone building that is now today oh right okay cos it
3871. erm was that where they er? a primary school or was it more like a erm? no it was a school it's a school right okay it was a school right was a school? yeah er it sort of grew from kindergarten mm to primary mm mm mm er and they were housed in that rather nice stone building that is now today oh right okay cos it's the same
3879. the er foreign office in russia right and so they would take an exam in russian then or would it just be a? oh yeah so take gcs they th like we used to learn french in school yeah yeah erm they learn russian in school and they take gcse russian you know? okay right yeah as another and was that an elective then for some for some of these for the kid
3880. they would take an exam in russian then or would it just be a? oh yeah so take gcs they th like we used to learn french in school yeah yeah erm they learn russian in school and they take gcse russian you know? okay right yeah as another and was that an elective then for some for some of these for the kid with the school that you were t you know
3898. never did yeah i mean i and i i was lucky i was p i have to say from that point of view i was born at the right time mm erm i started as a secondary modern school teacher er in a school in the heart of that had been creamed off for the real creme de la creme grammar schools creamed off u the local county high mm and we had what was
3905. ##m but it didn't put her off she worked really hard and when i joined the school she just reached the erm fourth year in the secondary school and they just brought in raising of the school year leaving age they could stay on to sixteen erm and do cse was mm mm before gcse cse i i remember now yeah cse cse yeah erm and that year i
3917. ' s yeah oh yeah ours is brilliant holly is really really good i mean i used to go home at lunchtime and the girls used to pop in to see her mm and would pop in from school at lunch and this sort of thing erm she's she's remarkable like mm we come down in the morning the first thing i do is let the cat in or if the cat's
3920. so won't have a car well i'm sure they'll share it mm but like if wants to go to the station and park it there for the day and wants to go to school well could drop him at the station what at half six in the morning? yeah that'll go down well well i just wondered really because they bought that car well if you desperately want that car so
3921. disposable income no we can't afford to ski outside of bulgaria in half term week no we can't no but when the bol boys are a bit older and they finish school yeah yeah yeah we will then we'll be able to go on mm weeks if they wanna still come with us yeah and and if i if it's staying at i know cos's
3922. don't mean that but she was saying that i'm trying to fifteen hundred pounds all - inclusive in the maldives er mauritius sorry for ten days mauritius well outside of term time outside of sorry school holidays that's really not bad is it? but but whe when they're a bit older we'll be doing that i hope so and we'll be able to take them skiing
3923. retired fireman told him that they preferred people that were in their early twenties that had done other stuff got their qualifications or done a few jobs or whatever they didn't want people straight out of school oh fuck off jesus a fireman really? well i don't know he just hates studying doesn't he? he hates it he hasn't done any of it i know cos he
3924. it i know cos he hates it his whole life is gonna be full of hate full of disappointment full of it's quite sad cos does he think work is gonna be any better than school? i don't know he doesn't appreciate that work's gonna be full - time not much time off four weeks holiday a year nine to five no he doesn't know no no
3926. ' ve had one week here and you've heard me and fighting yeah he's out again find me a job it's true actually they are very very annoying when they come home from school well no cos you can take one of you out i could go and play tennis with one of you the other one could stay here the other one we could just beat but the the so yeah the
3929. ten fifteen minutes oh that's fine that's fine which three? and two girls what had done it? yeah mum does all his homework no way was like spent most of his years in school on report he's really good now yeah for like talking and like just having like too much banter with the teachers but he does his homework? and he does a shedload of work at home
3936. that point we weren't sure if he was even gonna do a levels and i reremember being a little bit annoyed thinking he would've been an ideal candidate to go on that school trip to the school show why why didn't he get invited? yeah what w you know what basis did they? and i was bit annoyed that he hadn't gone however after we had been
3940. getting smaller we need to find new ways of living i know because there's not gonna be the jobs out there keeps telling us i say keeps she's mentioned it a couple of times at school at the moment they must be learning about erm er sort of patterns in erm oh god what's it called when you? generations yeah? oh okay yeah yeah and at the moment we our
3942. i don't know any more than that doesn't just i dunno she said low key low drama er but i thought well the girls will've noticed but anyway er i saw at school today erm hasn't said anything and generally will come up to me and cos well she tells you everything doesn't she? yeah she does she does come up to what year's
3944. age as? i think he's's nine years younger than me's forty - one but she i think had his fortieth before she did my goodness they were in the same school year same school year i always thought that but he d he had his fortieth way before her though didn't he? did he? was it in the same school year though? i '
3945. i think he's's nine years younger than me's forty - one but she i think had his fortieth before she did my goodness they were in the same school year same school year i always thought that but he d he had his fortieth way before her though didn't he? did he? was it in the same school year though? i'm sure they
3946. were in the same school year same school year i always thought that but he d he had his fortieth way before her though didn't he? did he? was it in the same school year though? i'm sure they were in the same school year i you see i always thought that but i remember thinking when they were having their birthdays they can't've been in
3947. but he d he had his fortieth way before her though didn't he? did he? was it in the same school year though? i'm sure they were in the same school year i you see i always thought that but i remember thinking when they were having their birthdays they can't've been in the same school year oh i'll have to find out i
3948. i'm sure they were in the same school year i you see i always thought that but i remember thinking when they were having their birthdays they can't've been in the same school year oh i'll have to find out i dunno i know but wasn't the school show fantastic? i tell you i had did you see the? i had to remind myself i was
3953. definitely do art and lots of little things but she's so sporty i don't whether she'd've taken pe no she's said she does enough of it outside of school right yeah yeah she didn't want that's true mm mm did i tell you about's cross - country run for the county? i know that he hang on you've told me
3954. what time is it? he got it's er twenty past three oh that's what time you have to be? that's fine i've gotta pick up at half four from school oh have you? i've gotta pick up at half five from school refereeing course oh and of course the other ones aren't home are they? so no oh yeah er he did the
3955. that's what time you have to be? that's fine i've gotta pick up at half four from school oh have you? i've gotta pick up at half five from school refereeing course oh and of course the other ones aren't home are they? so no oh yeah er he did the cos you know he'd done athletics in the? he'd
3959. him over there so i went to him he's here to run year nine boys what's his name? duh duh duh oh he's not on my list oh what school is he at? i said the oh that's strange he's not on my list doesn't matter that's fine what's his name? wrote it down and put a tick
3966. able to this is the government i said that to absolutely i said i said do we do we think our children are erm you know if they get fingerprinted now when they're at school when they do something naughty later in life they'll be able to find out? well it can also eliminate them remember but i do think this is the government encouraging this system mm by ways of because
3968. ' s to get ten pounds a week and then he's got some money for dinners if he needs it she's adamant so i hand it but he doesn't always spend it on school dinner money so he gets like forty pound a month from his? from his granny for for his lunch she's so lovely isn't she? she is she is when you've got eight
3969. to me she thinks she might start ea taking sandwiches again well takes sandwiches but sometimes he'll have a sausage roll or a few potato wedges or or if he's stopping for something after school and it's gonna be longer yeah he might buy himself something at break and have his sandwiches and then he won't be so starving like today on a monday with his referee course but so it
3970. still haven't got round and i was going to do it this morning and i haven't i still think it is wrong that we should be paying for the boys to go to and from school oh i know because it's compulsory education i know education i know but who are you gonna write to? the council? the the the well initially i'd phone the lady up the the in
3971. ' t use it no neither do i and i know i know h will give him his bus pass if he's not on the bus home and then occasionally yeah'll stop for something after school badminton or whatever and i'll pick him up yeah and i'll say that's one pound twenty please and he'll say yeah mum and that's that i hand it over and
3979. know she was there at eight o'clock in the morning until it finished on the night yeah which was ten o'clock yeah and she's worked in the week as well this week after school and she does stuff in the community as well yeah well she is er she well she is a good worker ain't it ain't she mm what about the bed and everything? have you got
3984. of hers? she won't she refuses to call him her boyfriend well she hasn't said er she hasn't seen him in the last two weeks so i s i see him at school mm mhm i says oh okay when are you seeing him next? i don't know at school monday oh okay oh s laid back about it sh she's got her hea she '
3985. she hasn't seen him in the last two weeks so i s i see him at school mm mhm i says oh okay when are you seeing him next? i don't know at school monday oh okay oh s laid back about it sh she's got her hea she's pre they got their heads screwed on she knows what she's doing the pair of them have got
3989. castle vale anymore no? they have knocked it down now castle vale is opposite the jaguar plant oh right yeah alright? castle bromwich er and er the school got burnt down a few times at castle vale school got burnt down a few times oh dear because it was so bad huh yeah and er th we did a geography project around there gc er gce geography project which was look at different environments and mm
3993. no need for the booster any more mm has tetanus died out in? cos that used to be a big tetanus area did didn't it? one of my friends at school died of tetanus yeah you can get it from just pricking yourself in the well he can't you? er he yeah you can get on a thorn on a thorn but you you got
3994. you can get on a thorn on a thorn but you you got it's in in the soil oh yeah and it lives a long while in the soil and er one of my friends he at school i mean we were only about we'd just then moved up to the senior school so we were only eleven twelve yeah and that was firework night and er he had some fireworks in his pocket mm
3998. mm and they'd jump yeah jump and set the fireworks off yeah they got banned jolly good job they did i know they were dthey were doing em in the street on the way home from school yeah yeah mm terrible ain't it? mm i don't i don't like firework night i mean when we went to see that big display at yeah and er well what goes up
3999. how? i don't know but you you actually you are cos you are still pretty like outwardly nosey that was how am i how am i nosey? but when in high school you just asked you used to ask like loads of questions did i? what questions? w about everything everything like? yeah i di don't understand like give me a an example i cou like
4002. each city oh okay i can't remember maybe like one in the in the far east yeah but i wa i was going to try and go with him but he's going before i finish school i mean that really is a different ga a different thing you know you can't read a word yeah but they do have a lot some lots of signs have english on them yeah they do yeah it
4003. i didn't have any further motive but it's not it's not like that anymore yeah oh you don't they're not just throwing money at people to go to graduate school who want to do classics no these are frozen i think i think you'll find that you can just bite it but be careful yeah mm yeah great and i might have it with what are you going
4007. good one so this guy yeah the guy who wriwrote the book called the swerve is called steven greenblatt he's a shakespeare scholar he said he went off to boarding school for and then a few days later he his mother died suddenly she was only thirty - three and he said i spent the rest of my life regretting i didn't get one last hour oh one
4008. s a very sort of pure case yeah so you've got that kind of case yeah and i can see that i think a lot of what reregret because he himself went to boarding school? no just just he just regrets not having one he couldn't say goodbye he couldn't have but that's nothing to re i mean it's it's just to be bitter
4010. quite a lot to it wasn't there? mm that's right because dad made that nice erm box i wonder where he got it from? i don't know perhaps somebody at school had it it's possible it could have come from the because they were quite well off because it wasn't a cheap toy was he older than you? yes oh that would possibly be it then
4012. ' s a particularly strong gene mm cos that's what they reckon don't they? they reckon some genes are stronger than others and er they do and i remember when we were at school we were doing we were doing er that type of thing and this teacher i can't think of his name i usually know all the names this teacher said we are gradually growing another finger oh i heard
4013. another one? no that's alright you have it good there was this really famous archaeologist right? yeah i think his name was skinner and er he's about my age but when he left school he or when he left university he had this theory about it's you know before the times of dna or anything like that nobody anything about that he had this theory about now what the hell was it
4014. hang on a minute you did meet him he was very quiet wasn't he? yeah he's he's he's he he can talk though yeah he used to teach art at school yeah mm oh right yeah he's a brilli long long time ago brilliant artist yeah brilliant artist he hasn't done any for a long time i got some of his picture on pictures on
4016. oh right it's like and oh oh is it? but smaller than that oh i haven't been there i mean it's an old school actually mm it's a former former school oh right and erm and so it's there and the title of it is has changed as success in international business through effective communication we've said these timings to them and they have now
4017. erm see i always think that when i'm give an example about the limited range of vocabulary i always say you know think about when you were learning french or whatever language you leant at school yeah you know would you know the word chair or seat or deckchair or bench? yeah and that you know they're all sort of things to sit on but if you just say chair each
4018. that side we we had to check out each of our tenants could really pay yeah erm i think there was another church write help them look at their plans cos they had something like an after school club coming into their church hall and erm their grant from their local authority to pay for the it was gonna be paid for by the local authority the letting was gonna be completely covered right and so i
4019. i said to the church hall committee whatever you do take the money in advance of their booking about three or four years later they came to me said we don't know what to do the arts school club owes us twenty - three thousand pounds because they keep saying they're gonna pay their rent but they never do so we leave them in cos we keep hoping we'll get it oh and
4020. course it meant that they would never get it yeah so no you can't go there erm aha i don't of course they never did get it yeah what happened was the after school club spent their grant on all kinds of maths stuff yeah and not on paying the rent cos they're still in yeah there the wor ththere's the worse group as well
4024. ##pex it out and then that error would be gone so when it got photocopied you wouldn't be able to see that mistake it does smell though so lots of silly people at school used to sort of sniff it and get all excited about it and mess it up you know pour it over their text books and stuff why? because teenagers are silly sometimes if they did pour all over their
4032. we were playing on the field what? during the school? did the teacher let you? that's no so you weren't actually no do er do the comthe competition matches happened during school time? that's a bit odd isn't it? is that normal? sounds odd to me i thought they were no that's completely normal is it? what? so the football team
4034. father goes gets angry and flips the table and that's how it finishes what's the bit what's the father angry about? everything yes he wasn't very interested in his school results just he's a stressed father he's a stressed father? he sounds like er just a crap father yeah erm well no what i stress is no excuse posture one of the s er
4036. ' ll do family tomorrow and do the same thing what four different things? erm family school social we media and relationships? relationships obviously family doesn't count as relationships no we do erm school relationships okay and now you're on family? and on family and next week we'll be doing family doesn't have to be really negative like it comes across er on the telly you
4037. typical i don't know it is hard learning a language it's not an easy thing especially when you when you when you start when you're older i mean i i learnt french at school but i it was a large class of thirty or so students i didn't think i really knew french but i still remember some phrases but i i was definitely not fluent or anything in it mm and
4038. he's been here in eh in england oh really? but he came here when he was about three oh okay so yeah he's he speaks like polish at home uh - huh but at school he's speaking english and he laughs at his dad i speak better english than you do he have a little accent when he speaks english? no he sounds like a brummie oh really? yeah
4039. accusative oh the cases yeah the case that's it the cases is that called declining or something? declining the verb oh i yeah cos i studied latin for a year mm hm at school and remember it's that sort of cases god oh really? nightmare there are eight cases oh so it changes cos i know like i'm sure he said something about wor work cos
4040. pronounce it what? well they say he says oh he says oh i say sa oh yeah well that's it that's what we were taught that's what after i left school people would and he says though i don't know why they think that it's right okay's finished his second course and so have i okay so it's seven keep your plate forty
4053. no way there was no way he would be treating me with that much disrespect mm no well if i'm feeding him clothing him housing him paying for him picking him up from school taking him to school taking him to places giving him pocket money i don't know how he's got the gall to accept christmas presents when he's not speaking to his dad if he '
4054. no way he would be treating me with that much disrespect mm no well if i'm feeding him clothing him housing him paying for him picking him up from school taking him to school taking him to places giving him pocket money i don't know how he's got the gall to accept christmas presents when he's not speaking to his dad if he'd bought well he
4055. you are a cold fish you are cos you never show any emotion lots of people lots of british people are like that though yeah and that was bought up a bit the same he was at boarding school he had to suppress everything and look at him now yeah he's he's just out there isn't he? completely repressed that man but yes so you'll understand a little bit
4056. him at all and do you know what? it's too late it's weird it's quite similar to is it? well never lived with his dad cos he went to boarding school yeah from a really young age never really live well when until he was about six but he doesn't really remember that and then didn't live with him again after that mm so mm and did
4057. until he was about six but he doesn't really remember that and then didn't live with him again after that mm so mm and did his dad die before or did he move from boarding school to university and then like that? oh no's dad only died about ten years ago so if he had we it well he went he didn't like boarding school so he came back to he
4058. did he move from boarding school to university and then like that? oh no's dad only died about ten years ago so if he had we it well he went he didn't like boarding school so he came back to he his mum came back to the uk right and he went to as a day boy they called it were they split up then? no no no oh they were still together but
4060. and in term time she lived in southend right and he went to his day sch and then yeah every holiday they'd fly back to where his dad was yeah until he went back to boarding school at about thirteen right and when she went back abroad yeah for good and he used to fly back then to see them didn't he? he used to fly back in er all the holidays so and
4061. understand but but he didn't he never i remember him saying to me he never really felt like he had a close relationship yeah because he'd never lived with him mm and was at boarding school so he was never allo you know yeah stiff upper lip type of attitude yeah erm but i don't think he's as he's not weir i mean it goes with the name
4066. christmas now thirty - two no it's mr? okay the the name means nothing to you guys he's the er he's erm he taught my dad when my dad was in school ah right okay cos my dad went to the same high school that i did oh the pe teacher er yeah and i couldn't remember his name for ages oh yeah you were trying to remember this
4067. the name means nothing to you guys he's the er he's erm he taught my dad when my dad was in school ah right okay cos my dad went to the same high school that i did oh the pe teacher er yeah and i couldn't remember his name for ages oh yeah you were trying to remember this yeah yeah i just remembered it now yay mr thirty - two
4072. thing and i find it very narrow - minded and shitty what erm iis it that you can't say what the one thing is? it's the fact that i went to private school a lot of people oh are really shitty about it and that's just dumb though i actually think that the next person who's shitty with me about it i'm gonna punch them in the
4073. ##s my really good friend at work who's gay yes and i'm totally fine with that so if i'm fine with that can't he be fine with me going to private school? when he worked when he realised it no no no i don't think he had reali this is the cool thing right if you haven't told people and this topic comes up yeah they
4076. erm how outrageous it is for anybody to go to a private school and i let him go on and on and on about what bastards we all are and then i went yep i went to private school i won a scholarship actually and erm and what i really hate is that wwinning a scholarship like excuses me for having gone to a private school so i think i'm gonna stop saying it
4077. and then i went yep i went to private school i won a scholarship actually and erm and what i really hate is that wwinning a scholarship like excuses me for having gone to a private school so i think i'm gonna stop saying it yeah because it's actually like an excuse yeah like it's not my fault i was just so clever that i got in on a scholarship do
4079. go there mm and erm but i just find it i find it outrageous how people judge that that one thing mm it's almost worse than being a christian if you've been to private school i was really sho i wish i could remember some of the things that said at work about it cos i was really like but i actually did really enjoy him not knowing that i'd been and
4080. ? cos it's it's when they i can't remember change people's minds or not yeah erm but i would think that they would know that i went to private school cos he's one of the people cos he's like a supervisor he would have seen my cv and do you think if you saw on a cv school wouldn't you think that
4088. competition oh come on oh i got like a thing to pin on my blazer that says trailblazer that's cool i didn't win anything at sports day when i was at state school in england why? cos all the prep schools are much better at sports cos they like do it sort of mm so much and they have er all the best resources but our school basketball team and
4091. you would know about yet can't do it before after yeah midday true yeah but i did it before yeah we have to you know when when i was in you know when i was in primary school they did a they did a erm a whole school assembly they're looking good they're pretty much ready to this great they're ready huh? when i was in school primary school they
4093. in primary school they did a they did a erm a whole school assembly they're looking good they're pretty much ready to this great they're ready huh? when i was in school primary school they did a whole school assembly and they did like a two - hour assembly about how they were changing the school day and you have to start school at five thirty am you already told me this
4099. was like yeah it's not real and then it was oh really? yeah they changed the school day? yeah to start when? next year but i don't woah when does the school day start? five thirty am you try one i think they're ready is this really strong? let me try one yeah they're strong they're strong when you eat the bits with them
4100. saying tractor he likes it for about ten minutes and then he starts to go crazy we had such a lovely time with them but then we took them to the park oh yeah you picked em up from school didn't you? oh yeah yeah and then had a bit of a turn was having the ball having the time of his of life j on everything running about scootering everything and he loved trying
4101. you're ready to dig play me grandad play me play me grandad yeah must be really tiring to go through that day after day i love the bit where we pick him up from school and he gives you a hug and then he walks back with us and holds our hand yeah he's sweet points everything out doesn't he? oh yes this is the prickly bush now walk
4102. was full of this violin that he had i talked to her about how good it was and then we had to collect that off her because she was giving it to us yes mm mm your mum or school? no me and the music teachers so i was a bit disappointed about that really why? because i could've been at the trials and playing for the area and i'd have got a little
4103. about one of my bows breaking erm so if i've got a spare that's a lot easier and then wednesday erm just a normal wednesday really and yesterday we had a match after school against mm right yes mm mm mm mm ah cricket? yeah but that was really disappointing because our batsman didn't really get going at the start and the wicket was really hard to bowl off because it
4106. to get back which is great fun so you go on a bus? oh that's good and mum and dad pick you up at the end? mm er no the bus brings you back to school that's what i mean and then your mum and dad have to come and pick you up yeah that's it well no just came and got me right there were other people saying if they wanted
4107. sort of has an advantage doesn't he so he's er is he doing all the year early within sort of being? german something and something latin is it? latin then doing that outside school you know? no it's inside school this time was outside school so is it on curriculum now? mm blimey gosh mm i think by the time it's exams next year oh
4108. so he's er is he doing all the year early within sort of being? german something and something latin is it? latin then doing that outside school you know? no it's inside school this time was outside school so is it on curriculum now? mm blimey gosh mm i think by the time it's exams next year oh by the time it's exams next year
4109. is he doing all the year early within sort of being? german something and something latin is it? latin then doing that outside school you know? no it's inside school this time was outside school so is it on curriculum now? mm blimey gosh mm i think by the time it's exams next year oh by the time it's exams next year i don't think
4111. telling me you got a hundred percent in? was it german? well i've got a hundred percent in everything so far oh dear i don't think i'd bother go back to school if i was you no so far we've done two english but i've only got the results for one of them a a german and a physics hang on what was the english? language or
4112. hello prince john and it's what the prince does and ah the mm ah now before i forget has asked us when he celebrates his birthday at the end of july so we will be in the school holidays he most wants to go to legoland for the day again? yes can are we gonna go with him? yes so we're gonna go meet him there erm obviously we're all
4113. of all the terrible sort of logging that's being done with the amazonian indians and moving them out of their well not they no actually no? they've had people going in installing a school and a health clinic and things oh i see that's a bit more positive right okay but it's still like they're now teaching all the children portuguese and stuff which is a shame yeah
4116. were talking about it the other day yeah that's pretty uh clowns? and like the idea of getting that i guess it comes from america i mean they were really big when i was at school i sort of wanted one in some ways i told you one that i saw in new york that had like jesus's face on it? one what? it was i've got the picture still
4117. is this one? that one's for i'll put easter wishes are the best then chocolate what is a chocolate nest? do you not know what a chocolate nest is we made them at school i'm sorry not knowing about chocolate nests i bet you do look i got this one accidentally right now i picked these up they were eight for a pound so i just went yeah and i got this
4119. mate my mate there erm he is three years younger than us? even no four years younger how old is he? he's two years younger or he's three school years younger three school years younger he just moved onto our quality improvement team mm mm he hasn't got a degree he left he left college with actually really good a levels but he didn't go to erm mm
4120. ' s quite a clued up lady erm she moved from paris and worked for one of the er depdepartment authorities in southwest france mm and that's where first went to school then he came back to england and when he came back to england erm i had to er register him and take out british nationality for him and it i even h even had to go to the lengths
4126. in proper theatres they give you the music and then they expect you to go home and everyone practise right okay but now let's get back to saturday yes where are you playing first? school or the school event they've put us right on at the start right so that's start about seven say it takes us ten minutes to do that mm then i should realistically i should be
4128. sort of like torches to see which one is you? oh no no no lanterns there's a bit light there's a big light in the have you watched apocalypto in school did anyone see the eclipse of the moon the other week? no the whatever did you? at three o'clock in the morning? nope mm it was three o'clock on thursday morning i would
4132. no but like even watching them do the dissection like in our class people were like oh i'm out of here mm yeah no thanks yeah i seem to remember that when i was at school and there was no point well i guess there was cos some people learn practically but mm but like it wasn't like how do you dissect a heart? on the exam but then i
4139. ' s labour's fault what's the language in in what other languages do people do people speak? spanish learners have increased oh yeah a lot but it's because when i was at school it used to be compulsory to study a language until gcse but when labour was in they took that away and they said it was optional so all that happened was everyone stopped learning oh yeah erm
4141. this is gonna take more than a few minutes we could fill it out erm my father was a teacher he was born and brought up in the south of england he was a teacher of biology at school right and his interests were apart from biology photography and so i was brought up in a family where my mother was a botanist where we would go for nature walks a lot and er dad would have his camera
4142. and so on and so forth and it was experiences like that that helped me use my eyes and of course in that family er background erm my love of nature grew erm he taught me at school er biology at o level and at a level and because of that i had to work hard to make sure i yes and er he couldn't be seen to be favouring me so he probably mm
4147. my parents rented a thatched cottage in er right which is still there oh yes? erm and then moved into and he was working of course at the school erm and then when i left school i went to university and then to the er er photographic course in and then of course i stayed in erm then went to and went back to erm my wife died er eight years ago suddenly and
4150. to riches i have a little bit more respect erm now yeah he really did work from a really you know tough life i watched a programme on him mm and he went to a really bad primary school and a really you know well he spends he he gives all his money from the apprentice to great ormond street is that true? that's so cool oh the money he gets from that's
4151. to me oh yeah you're a worm oh you're not that advanced what a shame ah what time is it? time of our lives it's our vacation we need to watch high school musical at some point yes i would tonight but i'm too sleepy yeah it's a bit late now feels late it's probably not even that late but it's it's eleven
4153. wasn't scary it was i remember the first horror film that i ever watched what was it? child's play and that was i haven't seen it an well i was in primary school and it absolutely terrified me and i'd had nightmares for like three weeks afterwards do you know which film that i never ever ever ever gonna watch but i really want to watch it but i don '
4154. salty isn't it? mm they've kind of got the good salt going on and just very nice satisfying mm i love that you pack your lunch every evening like you're going to school the next day otherwise i buy something and then i just waste money of life cool i actually quite prefer having a packed lunch yeah me too actually i do like going erm like taking in my own especially
4155. let's see see if you recognise your grandmother on there ah it's from her school days yes oh is that her on the left? the far left? let's have a look is that her? on the far left? yeah yes yeah so left there she is this one they
4156. big whale i think on you know lying around yeah oh right mm it was who liked south america yeah i'd like to go yes i will one day i think he only went once on the school trip i think he said ah right mum and dad want to go on a cruise does she? what's that for? they're not going this year this year they're going to austria
4158. to catch the bus like oh right oh that's nice to school yes something special on so she come i wondered what she was doing knocking at the door and she was all dressed up in her school clothes yes had to get to oh i think it was a big bus ride or something oh right oh that's nice took about an hour getting there something like that yeah yes yes very sweet little girl
4160. know and they're nice ones aren't they so? yeah yeah yeah yeah i think erm said you can only book four weeks in advance right? but as long as we go outside school holidays which we will do can yeah then it won't be a problem to get us erm to get us in somewhere so i think they're talking about cos and have been to the
4161. is in is in the drama group and she does some of these plays so oh right so they said it was good mm well good i'm sure that was one we did when we were at school said she never heard of it but then again she never did the plays i obviously did the plays because er i've hear i've heard of it i always with who always volunteered us for everything
4162. it's got the toby carvery on it yeah just before you come to the where it straightens out before you get to just like before it straightens out near the that is there a school there? balti there's a balti restaurant you've gone past the the school yeah? yeah you've had gone past that oh right what are they doing? just go roadworks
4164. one at twelve o'clock didn't he? so oh when he wakes up now then yeah alright then whenever oh rubbish wi - fi yes it is ah yeah yeah i'm going into school tomorrow are you? which school? why? just to see everyone oh do they know? no are you taking? well yes that's kind of the point in going let's see what '
4165. didn't he? so oh when he wakes up now then yeah alright then whenever oh rubbish wi - fi yes it is ah yeah yeah i'm going into school tomorrow are you? which school? why? just to see everyone oh do they know? no are you taking? well yes that's kind of the point in going let's see what's in the diary for tomorrow
4170. for me right yeah because they knew the job would be done and it would be done properly yeah and mm i suppose the work ethic i got came out of what i did when i first left school oh which was clinical pathology oh right you didn't know that did y? no i didn't no i didn't so you worked for the police then did you? no no clinical p
4171. or close friend i would sort of t not look past it but i wouldn't unfriend them mm whereas if it's someone that i worked with three years ago or went to school with yeah i'm just like fuck off fuck off fair enough but that's how you know you get this impression that everyo and we've talked about this before that impression where everyone has
4175. s stupid i d why do we have to move? and some were like actually yeah you know it livens yyou up a little bit i suppose and they you know kids have probably been at school since seven or eight that morning mm and are dropping off by the time they see you mm so no harm to get them moving as well yeah and they have the fucking heater on full blast mm the
4177. sort of you know smirk and sort of sit really awkwardly i'm like just say what have you done today? and they go what have you done today? oh and oh well i went to school oh what l what what lessons did you? what and it's sort of ah i have to tell them what to say how to have a conversation mm it's they're so boring like
4178. that level who is just quiet mm and it's one of's friends actually and i said is he always is he always quiet? and he was like yeah he's really quiet in school and i'm like right fair enough don't give a shit though yeah er you know fair enough you've got your personality but i don't like it yeah so you must change hey
4180. job but mm i didn't want to do that yeah i know sometimes i wonder how sort of useful my feedback is but then er at the same time i remember getting pieces of work back in school and just sort of shoving it in my bag looking at the mark shoving it in my bag not really looking at the feedback mm so i sort of think a lot of them are like that as well not
4182. ##tomime that she was setting up she was writing this like take on peter pan well that's that she was gonna put on at the rugby club in then she was gonna put it on at school she had a meeting with mr and told her that me and were involved started publicising the event she started going round local businesses in asking them for prizes for a a raffle she was gonna host in
4183. just let her come back i wou i wouldn't er i wouldn't chuckle though no no no remind me not to it was that moment you know you know when you're at school and you look at someone and then you just like kind of ye get the giggles? you'd both be like you're both thinking the same thing the same thing i was thinking like we '
4184. golf shoes the in some golf shoes i'll take a six in other golf shoes i'll take a seven you just never know i think i was in i think i was still in primary school when i was size size six feet i've got i know i i don't actually remember my feet ever being smaller i mean obviously they were but i think that's how long i '
4186. s not a lot of crime at all yeah it is definitely one of the ssafest countries i've ever worked yeah i've never seen so many kids as i toddling off to school by themselves yeah yeah with not a care in the world and that was commonplace when and were in bavaria it's just it's just quite an intimidating situation oh yeah it can be to be in
4189. ' t they couldn't get there fast enough they just just well it does sound like their kindergarten and their their like reception and year one and stuff sounds fun so well they don't start school till they're six yeah had already started school yeah and then we took her over there and she's back into kindergarten yeah so she hated it i wanna be in school i don't wanna
4190. they just just well it does sound like their kindergarten and their their like reception and year one and stuff sounds fun so well they don't start school till they're six yeah had already started school yeah and then we took her over there and she's back into kindergarten yeah so she hated it i wanna be in school i don't wanna be doing this drawing and painting and playing i wanna
4191. don't start school till they're six yeah had already started school yeah and then we took her over there and she's back into kindergarten yeah so she hated it i wanna be in school i don't wanna be doing this drawing and painting and playing i wanna do some learning yeah and the germans don't start until they're six and was only four and a half when she
4193. went over they have really weird like learning hours as well like they s they start school like quite a bit earlier but then you finish like at like two yeah so i remember like even when i started school i used to go to like german school in the morning and then like an english oh yeah you did yeah english s like yeah kind of after school club it was type thing yeah it was it was an
4195. two yeah so i remember like even when i started school i used to go to like german school in the morning and then like an english oh yeah you did yeah english s like yeah kind of after school club it was type thing yeah it was it was an english class wasn't it? yeah talk about german going hallo when we went to erm mexico one of the days that the all four
4196. really like hard chilli crusts mm chilli chilli that's right yummy mm yummy yummy isn't it? so i need to get a couple of your bits for school from the well it's thursday isn't it you're going to your dad's? erm is it? okay i mean this can you go and get a fork? that should
4201. ##lerant like that i don't want people like that in the soci in our society i know i noticed like a lot of people who v who are ukip are like the ones from school who just didn't do the gcses and like they're like idiots yeah they don't really get it like yeah all of's friends are like proper racists and like they
4203. i became the less racist i became they're like like unis are like more diverse than schools and er and college yeah so much yeah but like you like if you don't go to school or you don't go to work or you don't get education like you will always think have that mindset uhu yeah you'll always be that ignorant and intolerable yeah yeah
4211. go back to work three full days would would you spend your other two days doing the tutoring on the evenings? oh it depends with him and because if you're doing the full day at school you won't get a chance to tutor then will you? no no i wouldn't do it after school so yeah well then you know i'm i might see start on a saturday or
4212. oh it depends with him and because if you're doing the full day at school you won't get a chance to tutor then will you? no no i wouldn't do it after school so yeah well then you know i'm i might see start on a saturday or yeah something yeah it depends how much you know money and how much it's worth it if it's worth
4225. switched for vegetables no well i suppose i see what's - his - name now little he well your's he loves his chips with fish always chips yeah yeah i wonder what he does in school yeah i suppose probably goes down the chip shop i sh i sh well i suppose they something like that yeah i suppose they get them in school like this well i think they've stopped after jamie oliver
4226. fish always chips yeah yeah i wonder what he does in school yeah i suppose probably goes down the chip shop i sh i sh well i suppose they something like that yeah i suppose they get them in school like this well i think they've stopped after jamie oliver i remember once oh well maybe they haven't i don't know you can still get some stuff i wouldn't necessarily put on
4227. a lot better than it was yeah oh that's good see japan when i lived there in the schools where i worked the county council would employ a nutritionist to write menus for the entire school district broken down into how many calories how much protein enormous detail and it was mapped out months and months ahead oh yeah and that is what they produce centrally and it would come to the school and that
4231. does he work for? he used to sell talktalk um broadband door to door that was the sort of thing that that the jobs kind of jobs that were going around like when i was at finishing school um like my friend sort of like tried to do that sort of job but now he's going door to door he's going door to door um asking for donation donations for a local hospice or
4233. tend to erm get round it by talking so i ended up with a career in advertising for sixteen years selling advertising to people erm and er out of the three three girls who went to drama school with me erm two of us ended up working for thompson yellow pages oh wow where you have to smile and dial and erm do the steps of the sale attention interest desire and action oh wow and
4234. whereabouts in were you? er my family are erm in in the dales yes oh yes so in and and they're up in the dales oh right oh right well i was at school one of my eight schools was in and i went to college for ski for girls which has now closed and is now a pizza bar oh but i went to recently cos my husband was working up there
4235. got to wrap up warm because it's not always that warm there in the evening it's never warm in particularly in october no it not it's not i remember when we went to school you know but erm yeah so what er what's the time doing? oh not too bad erm no my my grandad lives up in erm the dales yes in erm in
4236. in yorkshire at christmas it's i it's so thank you yeah it's so close to my heart and yes it is it is it's really really beautiful my best friends at school the only two girlfriends i ever made at school erm were my yorkshire friends and one was a farmer's daughter and the other one was her her her her father taught at the local school and they
4237. ' s so thank you yeah it's so close to my heart and yes it is it is it's really really beautiful my best friends at school the only two girlfriends i ever made at school erm were my yorkshire friends and one was a farmer's daughter and the other one was her her her her father taught at the local school and they were the thing i like about yorkshire people is
4238. at school the only two girlfriends i ever made at school erm were my yorkshire friends and one was a farmer's daughter and the other one was her her her her father taught at the local school and they were the thing i like about yorkshire people is they say what they mean yes and there's no messing about with it and once you're locked into that you and you're in
4243. morning we had and the parents still turn up and say when's the reading morning? oh is it today? well we didn't know yeah we'd've got the morning off school yeah so we've had two newsletters yeah they said oh but when you're out and about a notice like that i said to mam i am quite i know i make a point of
4245. was she couldn't she can't ride this she can't ride a bike without stabilisers either mm goodness i'm wondering if is going to have to take you both to school on friday with your bikes eek mm i don't need to i know i'm talking about and and some of the people i've seen everybody in my class did that everybody in the
4246. is it like adding and subtracting and times and dividing or? no it's an english thing oh i teach english don't i? mm mama's not going to be at school any more she's going to home school what is gonna have home school? are you serious? says what from when tomorrow? tomorrow and today was she not there today? she was here today and
4247. times and dividing or? no it's an english thing oh i teach english don't i? mm mama's not going to be at school any more she's going to home school what is gonna have home school? are you serious? says what from when tomorrow? tomorrow and today was she not there today? she was here today and at the end of the week on monday well
4248. it's an english thing oh i teach english don't i? mm mama's not going to be at school any more she's going to home school what is gonna have home school? are you serious? says what from when tomorrow? tomorrow and today was she not there today? she was here today and at the end of the week on monday well why is she going to be
4249. i know are you not going to ask her? i'll ask her to tomorrow because that would be s a sad thing wouldn't it? i mean you can still play together outside of school but it would just be a bit more difficult to arrange won't it? are you looking forward to doing your history experience on saturday? the ottoman empire i don't know very much about the
4253. ? no thanks okay i think i will keep it like this so what do you think you are going to do in forest school? mm i am going to pardon? what are you gonna do in school? i've no idea did you do school last year with? yes okay so it's still with did he do lots of toasting marshmallows like? we did one tast
4256. think he drove into a tree and they both died mm i think that's what happened i remember it oh god erm mm yeah we had a boy in our class who died after he left school after the fifth the fifth year we heard when we all we gathered for the sixth form all those who had left and he'd been killed in a car accident mm it's funny just sort of
4258. out that's an old school flame right who's married and has a kid but ngel has decided that that's fine and has left him a love letter let's go to school? oh i dread to think what that actually means surely not to go and pick up some children dressed like that? s they meant to say spring chicken didn't it mm he's no chicken
4259. that you're a catholic and agree with that? i think i'll be having words with my dad is your dad catholic? yeah we were all raised catholic were you? yeah went to school with nuns remember? oh yeah i don't go to mass and neither does my brother or my sister my mum doesn't anymore she had a bit of a crisis of faith yeah i remember you
4264. this bin that we're coming up to i'm going to get a tan try and cover my face with my hair a bit there's er there's the factory i went to school with what? the grandson did you? and my sister went to school with the heiress of th on the side how funny has it got anything to do with the? may well do actually cos er
4265. get a tan try and cover my face with my hair a bit there's er there's the factory i went to school with what? the grandson did you? and my sister went to school with the heiress of th on the side how funny has it got anything to do with the? may well do actually cos erm may very well do have to look at up darling yeah look at
4266. mutter mutter i can't hear what you're saying so we're probably gonna see him on erm like good friday friday and erm oh and erm when i'm at school for in the easter holidays? why are you gonna go to school? erm doh i'm talking about the erm not the easter holidays doh i'm talking about easter so that
4267. we're probably gonna see him on erm like good friday friday and erm oh and erm when i'm at school for in the easter holidays? why are you gonna go to school? erm doh i'm talking about the erm not the easter holidays doh i'm talking about easter so that's not at school is it? yeah and also talking about
4268. ? why are you gonna go to school? erm doh i'm talking about the erm not the easter holidays doh i'm talking about easter so that's not at school is it? yeah and also talking about when you what do you mean? we're gonna see him at easter weekend so not so i don't know before then so he's filming next
4269. dragons sorry? i really want to read a book about dragons you are reading a book about dragons? no i really want to yeah you want to read a book about dragons? bring it in from school? or to school? home to home to home? to school to school why? well i only like fantasy tales and s fairy tales oh mostly with dragons in fairy tales or folk tales? both well
4270. really want to read a book about dragons you are reading a book about dragons? no i really want to yeah you want to read a book about dragons? bring it in from school? or to school? home to home to home? to school to school why? well i only like fantasy tales and s fairy tales oh mostly with dragons in fairy tales or folk tales? both well well you can borrow
4273. house uhu and slept in my your bed bed yes i know now what were you saying? you've forgotten mm yes mm mm so one weekend with dad and then it is four days of school and then it's easter straight away so monday tuesday wednesday thursday friday ma ma ma ma ma ma ma so monday this week is normal then you're at dad's this weekend and then next
4276. who runs it? i've got no idea no? i was gonna say we could look up and find out what he runs yeah? he runs a language school or he did run a language school does does he? oh yeah? whether that's still he lived in erm brazil for quite a long time ah and married a brazilian girl mm and they came back to live here erm and
4278. new website and it means like the government gives them more money for charity to help erm the kids get like erm their birth records it cos like loads of them can't go to school cos they're not like official if you what i mean like documents yeah but they got like birth certificate yeah and like the grant helps them do that and also pay for this fancy new website but
4284. foreign language i'm rubbish will be fluent by then look with all his toys he's got in various languages oh yeah he'll be fine no question about that put him into a foreign school he can do all the translating for you no i couldn't no no why would i live in the south of france with my skin? alright there's endless for the south of france then where
4285. there it's just okay no she was an only child and erm mm yeah er she she probably well er she'd always eat all sorts as well i remember she was the one at school and she'd have any and just eat the oh yeah i mean when we had school dinners at school yeah the dinner ladies used to know me i used to just eat roast potatoes for lunch yeah that
4287. well er she'd always eat all sorts as well i remember she was the one at school and she'd have any and just eat the oh yeah i mean when we had school dinners at school yeah the dinner ladies used to know me i used to just eat roast potatoes for lunch yeah that was it that was it just the roast nice and she'd always save me some oh is that it
4289. is my sister's the same mm she spells that way but neither of our parents do phonetic spelling's quite a recent thing cos i wasn't taught phonetic spelling when i was at school like it wasn't b e c a u s e it was just just how you're supposed to spell it there was it it was completely yeah different no mine was i was never taught it
4290. was completely yeah different no mine was i was never taught it that way oh really? no that's how that's how they teach kids now but when i was oh do they? at school that's not how they used to teach us oh no ours never taught that way no oh so maybe by the time this generation's adults mm like they'll stop mocking you they'll
4291. like part of you regressed because you never really had that childhood like the learning to tell the time thing that's something that your parents help you with you don't really learn that at school particularly mm like my parents bought me a watch like a toy watch and we used to tell the time we had a massive clock on the wall at home it was one of those toy ones that you move
4294. they're passing and all this stuff so he loved it good stuff and he did he scored a few goals and did a few cartwheels i know well he's doing gymnastics now at school oh is he? he does dodgeball football and gymnastics after school he's involved in a lot yeah and then tennis on a monday it is still thirty miles isn't it so to go to
4295. stuff and he did he scored a few goals and did a few cartwheels i know well he's doing gymnastics now at school oh is he? he does dodgeball football and gymnastics after school he's involved in a lot yeah and then tennis on a monday it is still thirty miles isn't it so to go to? it's a lot of work for you guys well the
4297. so they do it from quarter past three to quarter past four so oh so it's additional? yeah they don't have to do it? no well i have to pay for that after school club oh you do? erm how much is it? er i don't know but they're the actual sports clubs are like three pound a session yeah so they just take it off what
4298. it's taken off what i pay for anyway so you would have had to have paid that then because you couldn't pick him up yeah and so he'd have had to stay in school regardless yeah yeah i understand yeah what do parents do about that? when the school finishes at three and people don't finish work until five or well they do what i do pay for the aftercare
4300. have some toast there or breakfast and then just plays with his friends but to be quite honest it's worked really well for him because he didn't settle completely easily when he first went to school so to stand outside with parents goi and taking him into the classroom on the occasions that i did do it he was clinging round my ankles and crying so to go into this breakfast club he's
4301. taking him into the classroom on the occasions that i did do it he was clinging round my ankles and crying so to go into this breakfast club he's got time to settle before he goes into school yeah into his classroom so he's found that easier sorry yeah it can't be easy can it for a little child adjusting to school? no well we thought he'd adjust really well because
4302. he's got time to settle before he goes into school yeah into his classroom so he's found that easier sorry yeah it can't be easy can it for a little child adjusting to school? no well we thought he'd adjust really well because he was like the top dog at nursery don't forget he's been going to nursery since he was nine months old erm which
4303. like religion do you? mm just because it's like erm not really too hard it's just quite easy really yeah erm so yeah what were your favourite subjects when you were at school? erm i was a good all - rounder so er yeah so i was okay at maths i wouldn't say i would have liked maths but i think i probably did i just
4304. to to my to my list but i couldn't really think of them mm i liked photography mm? i mean sorry i liked geography oh we don't they didn't each photography at school yeah and i think i probably w could have liked science and i think i did but i didn't really cos i always thought oh i like english and art and kind of ignored the rest but
4306. re a bit strange sometimes their parents i think there's a bit maybe a bit played off against each other because there's other times where she's refused to not let them go to school if they were sick and that kind of thing but i dunno god knows or maybe because was upset about the weekend and you know sometimes the other parent can be like don't worry i'm
4307. m in the medieval era and i have researched chivalry i see so you're gonna know weird odd facts but you won't be able to still write an essay a history essay at school mind you i bought that very helpful history revision book haven't i? say thanks mum thank you mum i went out and bought my own revisions books by myself with my own money when i was your
4308. say that again? i don't know why's going to home school does she wanna go to home school? i think she does anyway erm say what mm what do you? do you? you just said that you are you gonna go to home school at some point
4309. say that again? i don't know why's going to home school does she wanna go to home school? i think she does anyway erm say what mm what do you? do you? you just said that you are you gonna go to home school at some point? no? can you just speak
4310. to home school does she wanna go to home school? i think she does anyway erm say what mm what do you? do you? you just said that you are you gonna go to home school at some point? no? can you just speak normally please? stop whispering has has she been there all week? cos you said hang on who's's older sister? so she is
4311. she? yeah yes mm yeah we don't i don't she was there all week and then she was there yesterday and the day after who or? so's definitely not been at school?'s is that right? yeah she's not she's al was she in your year? yeah yeah she's she's already being homeschooled well that would seem
4312. that right? yeah she's not she's al was she in your year? yeah yeah she's she's already being homeschooled well that would seem odd to home school one child and not the other but maybe's unhappy mm maybe's alright but you said that says that she's going to be homeschooled? she says she might oh she might
4313. ##m it's not that lets her do it she has her mum is going to do it permanently right i wanna know about who's?'s little brother is? does he go to school let? he's in reception oh gosh that would mean the mum would have to teach three children mm that'd be very difficult wouldn't it? cos they're different ages
4314. or anything on and off but she's not getting her red cheeks mm or anything like that it's not mm no that's really good i was saying yesterday when erm was at school her second teeth came through quite early she was only about five i think when her baby teeth were falling out and mm and her teacher said to me it was in reception children who have early teeth are very
4315. think they're that loaded i said oh i think they are i said er he said well i know that she went to private schools so did my four kids he said no she went to public school and i said and he said so did my four kids and i said no she didn't go to public school she went to a bog standard private school in cos i know which one she went
4316. went to private schools so did my four kids he said no she went to public school and i said and he said so did my four kids and i said no she didn't go to public school she went to a bog standard private school in cos i know which one she went to it wasn't a public school and erm they no yeah like your kids went to a public school yeah
4317. kids he said no she went to public school and i said and he said so did my four kids and i said no she didn't go to public school she went to a bog standard private school in cos i know which one she went to it wasn't a public school and erm they no yeah like your kids went to a public school yeah they went to a bog standard private school
4318. my four kids and i said no she didn't go to public school she went to a bog standard private school in cos i know which one she went to it wasn't a public school and erm they no yeah like your kids went to a public school yeah they went to a bog standard private school as well and erm i said but her sister her sister went to a finishing school
4319. school she went to a bog standard private school in cos i know which one she went to it wasn't a public school and erm they no yeah like your kids went to a public school yeah they went to a bog standard private school as well and erm i said but her sister her sister went to a finishing school in switzerland that doesn't come cheap i said and from the s
4321. and erm they no yeah like your kids went to a public school yeah they went to a bog standard private school as well and erm i said but her sister her sister went to a finishing school in switzerland that doesn't come cheap i said and from the s way she was talking i think they're pretty loaded oh mm well i would like to have said yeah your four kids did go
4322. doesn't come cheap i said and from the s way she was talking i think they're pretty loaded oh mm well i would like to have said yeah your four kids did go to private school and fat lot of good it did them didn't it? mm well they're gonna run out of places to send her because surely they must have to send her to a different one each time
4323. read it oh i see yeah yes yes yes i think we'll just leave that probably in bed by now then yes probably although young stays up till midnight sometimes does he? yeah goodness except on school days i suppose but then someone else in my town is selling one of those nest tables you know for the coffee where they erm fit one inside the other? oh one inside the other? we '
4328. dare say oh? yeah did you really? yeah yeah did you? cos the people i know from are all like that what? oh you mean and all of them? no people at our school who are from they're all like that there's people from your school from? yes course there are what? that live in? no ththey were born there oh oh alright then and
4333. t tell at all mm well i had a time when i was using my left my right hand and i was getting w do you know's brother? mm well one of them had gone to school oh had been left - handed and they'd tied her hand behind her back well something had happened to one of them anyway their hand was tied behind their back mm and so spent ages teaching to use
4334. gets through the plastic cups have you know they do black bins black bags i don't find out about it stick it in a charity one yeah you're better off with charity bags from school i think so cos bags to school all the clothes that they take so they the local craftspeople can't sell their clothes any more sort of thing in the developing countries oh i think you
4335. they do black bins black bags i don't find out about it stick it in a charity one yeah you're better off with charity bags from school i think so cos bags to school all the clothes that they take so they the local craftspeople can't sell their clothes any more sort of thing in the developing countries oh i think you'd better just to charity you see
4336. ' t do diving you don't do diving any more what do you do? yeah yeah chess chess and football football mm but but chess doesn't cost me any money like like out of school what do you do after school? yeah i do brownies drama and ballet yes okay brownies drama and ballet bgb oh yeah well you're not doing any drama lessons at the moment so but
4337. ' t do diving any more what do you do? yeah yeah chess chess and football football mm but but chess doesn't cost me any money like like out of school what do you do after school? yeah i do brownies drama and ballet yes okay brownies drama and ballet bgb oh yeah well you're not doing any drama lessons at the moment so but the question is do i mean
4339. ' s so laid back he he's horizontal he is he couldn't believe that i used to know his son no he was like how on earth do you know him? i went to school with him oh what year were you in? the same year as it was really weird ha ha mm i was like used to come around our house after school every day and yet we se is totally different
4340. do you know him? i went to school with him oh what year were you in? the same year as it was really weird ha ha mm i was like used to come around our house after school every day and yet we se is totally different no he didn't get it it just right over ain't she? huh? is totally different yeah mrs she's all bouncy and
4341. boys yeah not not yeah not big michelin men no they're hefty boys mm yeah mm it would be nice to bump into some of the people my age that used to be at school well go to the reunion then whenever it is i've gotta do that thing look and get that into dropbox did you find the thing? yeah i we've got until tomorrow she want it
4342. was taking a photo of what it was like because i'd explained that while i was having my windows replaced i had a ffine view of the street outside and just a few minutes prior to school children coming along the road erm there was a sizeable bit of branch came down er so i could actually see because i had an un er uninterrupted view having no windows erm
4343. but they're very they have a very good tone okay erm and i was going to go into the erm estate agent? er ironmongers mm next to well it isn't school what was school what? your school? yes oh yes erm ironmongers? yes mm it's just a few doors along er it's no longer mr there was a mr is that
4344. re very they have a very good tone okay erm and i was going to go into the erm estate agent? er ironmongers mm next to well it isn't school what was school what? your school? yes oh yes erm ironmongers? yes mm it's just a few doors along er it's no longer mr there was a mr is that the really small
4345. a very good tone okay erm and i was going to go into the erm estate agent? er ironmongers mm next to well it isn't school what was school what? your school? yes oh yes erm ironmongers? yes mm it's just a few doors along er it's no longer mr there was a mr is that the really small shop with all the
4347. bhutan would be a good one to see but i or maybe he does i i don't know maybe it's closed off well it is they they when erm when i was at primary school we had a teacher aha who'd been in bhutan mm mm and i remember like nobody at the time had that idea and right of course he came in and gave a presentation about it and then
4348. oh hasn't hugged me in ages'll hug me er daily yeah hasn't hugged me he won't no it's it's it's like just coming down from school talking about them growing up and being independent mm just a snippet of er you know? jeremy vine or whatever erm a lady saying how children are forever growing and becoming independent and you have to
4349. bus wasn't leaving until ten thirty this morning was it? no and yet they didn't seem to have be any er you know? no no we don't have to go to school mum because you know? they've said we'll have to er work when we get there so and yet they didn't yeah i can't it's all a bit blase
4353. but just completely listen to the one half of the conversation and he just went i'm sorry? a what? a summer dress? they've only been there she's only been in school three days what about all the uniform we've bought? and he put the phone down i went oh yeah did nobody tell you? soon as easter's done and dusted they're allowed
4354. that? the lady at the cottages oh right we just said hello to cos we had that long conversation over dinner about the different oh yeah your parents know and um who hates who who was at school with who oh dear and whose first boyfriend was's brother er inbred much? not entirely fair i was gonna say it's they didn't know each other just er weird coincidences
4356. of mental problems mm i don't know but maymaybe it stems from if she has got problems with her ears maybe its knocked her confidence erm well she'd done fairly well at school yeah erm and i asked her the other day i was i was erm do you remember from the coupling series the with the the sock? yeah just talking to you do you remember that one?
4357. her to talk to the sock erm and did a funny voice er like erm so she wasn't actually yeah talking directly to me yeah and asked her you know if she was happy at school cos now she's boarding and she said yeah fine and what are the other girls like? erm felt well they're alright erm except one snores and er so i said
4358. you like her? yeah and there were no problems? no so mm i don't know so the i mean for me there are only two sources possible sources of er for the problem one is school or one is home mm and she obviously like me she doesn't want to be a boarder mm it's her mother's decision really basic do you have like teachers'days and things
4359. a worry for my parents you know cos i was always really quiet and i was and i was always popular cos i was always good at sport and you i always i always did well at school but i i always felt i always wanted to be a loner even though i wasn't a loner but i always kind of wanted to be so i just kinda sat there in class not saying
4366. is properly from i think it's just weird because she's been here for so long it's not just like she moved here just for uni yeah yeah like she was here for school and everything exactly but she still counts as international oh go on yeah great finish yeah i think i think that is it isn't it? cos like even though is only european like she's
4368. into the some kind of social group that you can quantify and that you've had relations with that yeah was telling me about a er oh what was it? when he was at er boarding school he oh it was one of his mates it was the champions league final or something and his mate said oh do you wanna come and watch it? he was like well we haven't got tickets what
4373. your passport by yeah that was the school not the wasn't it? that was the the college yeah that wasn't anything to do with no no it was you know it was all the school wasn't it? mm that reminds me i huh i really want to oh god i meant to email tut we're complaining again why are we bitching so much? i don't
4374. the longer it's on there erm i once this is like darwin awards i erm i once er burned my fingers like got really serious burns on my hands my ha i came in from school and a microwave there was like there was a toffee sponge but it was like the you know it was just like a cold toffee sponge right? yeah but you know i i put i
4375. we like getting compliments don't we? but there's a new girl started in work yeah and she's from like quite she went to yeah i know went to went to private school you know academy it's a good school that she's like very well spoken and you know she's a lo lovely person you know how old is she? erm she's th
4377. film that doesn't really have any major end it's what's it called? the film detachment detachment it's about a tea he's a supply teacher in america a secondary school yeah and basically as the film goes on he hates his life he's like having a midlife crisis but he's kind of he's very intelligent and very aware very well read and kind
4383. i went to africa and built huts you know and that's great but you know what i mean? but actually like i don't like yourself i i've worked in an english language school for three years i think i think i'd much rather a candidate who who went to africa rather than just someone who'd like c sort of lazily worked in a school i think that '
4385. know if you'd only had the bloody money mm it would've been an awful lot easier for all of us mm erm but anyway we'll see mm so where is she at school at the moment? yeah she's got an orchestra course she's doing they're doing this concert actually and erm in a symphony concert on sunday they've got a course and then
4386. better than a lolly yes quite erm she's got the will of a yeah stubbornness of a whatever she's quite funny actually cos for somebody who doesn't really take school very seriously she actually does do her homework it's quite amazing to me i haven't had any kind of detentions for not doing it or anything oh that's quite good cos she
4387. t got any any more leave so that's why we can't take well why couldn't we take the friday? we couldn't take the friday cos the kids are at school and we're taking the kids and then they're off on monday so we've got that ha we've got that weekend at er sometimes we get erm in the holidays we get
4390. let's say she spoke german and italian from being a child and and then she additionally was er in to learn or to improve her english and er she also spoke french which she was doing at school erm and i said that to her about d you know doesn't it become a jumble? and she said yeah it does sometimes that you know when she's searching for the right word
4398. i'm pretty sure he's a non - board private school oh okay up in he's a little bit landed obviously he's and's so yeah slightly different kind of private school vibes going on there so but er i guess they are a little similar they they both have that kind of extroverted nature don't they? yeah both extroverted but like i wouldn
4400. ' s life who i may may have slightly caused some emotional harm some injury to so okay have you heard the story of? no no go on so back story i had a friend called in secondary school erm and we had a geography teacher called mrs miss? miss? miss yeah i think it's miss oh so oh la la so we're erm oh really? we're doing
4401. la la so we're erm oh really? we're doing we're d we're we're we're a man's life hangs in the balance in secondary school just to put that in context it really does he he wasn't having an amazing time of really? time of it either and so we're in geography erm and we're playing the
4403. like an hour or two in london so we met him in london and he sat me down and he said i haven't contributed towards your education he's like put his kids through like private school and everything and he feels like i'm a child i think yeah and so he i think he felt like he wanted to do something like that to so he said that's lovely haven't
4404. kind of anxiety about getting a job even from when i was like yeah same fifteen and sixteen or and that just what a nightmare i mean some people are really desperate to get a job when they leave school like a lot of my friends yeah just just get them yeah and they used to be really happy about it and i think like i haven i have technically i have worked so but it was for a sort
4408. of his i think he did like english gcse and he's due in college but like di he's like knows the school really well he's been there since nursery like high school mm like community school so goes from like yeah it's state but so the teachers are letting him do like just take as long as he needs so he's like seventeen but he's doing
4413. if you were going round a corner one wheel would go like that that's what happened to us that's bad and there was one the vitesse one of them at gate duty at school thought this vitesse came up the the roa you know the concrete road approaching the school and thought and just before it got to us the g wh the front wheels went and went and these
4415. you get off her leave her alone stay back oh mamma he can do that i miss the days of not having to call in sick for myself or at all like why weren't you at school? i was ill here's a note from my mum to say that i was ill mm oh but she was ill definitely i was very ill otherwise you have to call up and even if like it
4418. i dunno i still i was still lost i di no didn't find anywhere you never did find what you were looking for? no no mm oh i often dream i'm back at school i dream of the old school and all the desks and things you know yeah i'm go i want my childhood back playing on the abacus yeah counting your shells oh when we first started school
4423. been on a course to do one to one with children who are a bit backward at something and she's working with them you know and er yeah she loves it but's not working at school anymore she's left mm? yeah she weren't getting enough money she reckoned and she was struggling with the higher rent and everything so she got a job in somewhere in near the marketplace and
4424. go and park the car in there and go round the town and they ain't got to pay for car parking that's really good yeah yeah so she's she's now left school and she's working up at this job in yeah oh that's good and she tol she explained to them when she got the job that she'd got ms you know yeah she said
4428. a closed day tomorrow because if it's icy that'd be worse than snow yeah that's true so you it's more than likely that you won't have to go to school tomorrow which would be amazing which would be great cos you could just stay in bed but i don't know when we f i don't know when we find out normally it's not
4429. then at least you could have a day just snoozing yeah tomorrow so if if you have a late night tonight yeah mm at least then you know even if you have to get up for school t thinking that it's gonna be on yeah exactly and you get a phone call saying no it's off you'd be like lovely back to bed for the day yeah back to bed i
4430. every every yeah every weekend i used to have this guilt thing about like doing anything at all other than working yeah and and during the week you used to call at you st you'd stay at school and do it or come home and do doing bloody plan after plan after plan mm yeah? yeah and then the worst part was like cos they it was teaching like anything from thirteen to eighteen it wasn
4432. ##gy knees right but he had all his allergies and stuff oh is it his height? height that he's got dodgy knees probably originally he did it d did it playing rugby at school or something originally did he? yeah but then he but then whene i suppose he's a gardener whenever he does any like physical work then it it can cause problems again flares up yeah flare
4433. and toasty and warm alright hey how are you? fine thank you and you? i think play in the snow it's pretty warm though hey i have to say i i wear it at school and this one girl in my class who always says um sh sh she always goes oh you're wearing your eyebrow hat it looks like you've got a big eyebrow big eyebrow thanks very much are
4435. just lecturing? no no but yeah educa's the the old wooden building isn't it? the old building the one that's the c the school yeah yeah how about the school kids are are they staying there or? it's not the school it is a university building so inside i know but they but they have don't they have the equivalent of a creche though
4436. old wooden building isn't it? the old building the one that's the c the school yeah yeah how about the school kids are are they staying there or? it's not the school it is a university building so inside i know but they but they have don't they have the equivalent of a creche though? yeah that will stay i think it's just the building itself
4439. there's a lot of work for the term isn't it? yeah and then i used those are right these are my pictures and i still have to print them off because the printer at school was not working oh dear and then i did some experiments with the etchings oh right so i layered them up yeah so there's like five etching plates and then that's layered up
4440. really be yeah mm and then they also had all the etching plates i stuck them all together so i oh right oh i stuck them all together they broke in my bag when i was going to school not like the etching plates broke they just came apart so i was fixing them in the lesson and then i had to present it so i presented it and then i gave it ha handed it round and
4441. separately and put them on a white background and went mm if you mount them onto a white background that will work i like it and i was like oh okay okay right so okay i left them at school they need to mark them if you bring them if you find out how thick the plates are i'll make you i'll laser cut you something so you can stand them up in it mm okay
4442. re acrylic? yeah it's is that easier to scratch then? yeah yeah it is? mm oh it's what we used to use when i did et did etching at school right and then i've only done the metal one you see you just oh scratch it and then you just rub the ink in yeah and then yeah put it through the press mm yeah so mm oh
4446. and school holidays because we won't get erm we won't get the place cos they'll be booked up in the summer'll only get the cheap deals outside of the school holidays yeah okay mm so it's all a bit i dunno then getting congested yeah we have only got a week yeah and you've still got some time to book haven't you
4450. like the right amount rather than a ridiculously large amount like i was drinking because i can't you know these big glasses yeah i have like well i drink a litre i drink a litre at school and then i drink one of them in the morning and like maybe three in the evening so i'm still drinking one in the morning and a litre at school i'm just having less in the
4451. a litre i drink a litre at school and then i drink one of them in the morning and like maybe three in the evening so i'm still drinking one in the morning and a litre at school i'm just having less in the evening that's probably sensible yeah cos also i go to the toilet every night and that's quite annoying and then you complain that you can't
4458. cos they don't do wednesday afternoons and they don't do saturday they do saturday mornings but not they all do saturday morning? so once you get to i think it's secondary school you start doing saturday mornings but before all that you probably don't do wednesdays at all no mm hm it's quite good logic cos like it stops the kids getting really tired but does
4459. same thing? yeah or a different thing? oh so we liked mixed scripts up so now it's unique oh okay to the normal one and you've got to bring your zombie mask into school haven't you? zombie so don't forget i'm not going to shall i wear it in bed? no why don't you put it in your bag? i'll write
4460. shouldn't be going on them should you? yes i thought his foot hit the chair? chairs it was me mm not on purpose though go and get your zombie mask and put it in your school bag before you forget please it's the circle of life stop that it's the shush are you all ready for your big sing up? daddy will be there mm he has confirmed he said
4462. ' d proofread the manual mm and it was just her down to a tee yeah she would be good at it yeah without a doubt it's funny cos got given an after - school detention i know look at that face but it was a what for? misun well it was a misunderstanding he'd missed his guided study because he was at his careers talk but the guided study person
4463. a misunderstanding he'd missed his guided study because he was at his careers talk but the guided study person didn't know he was at his careers talk so just gave him an automatic after - school detention and texted his mum to say there was an after - school detention well texted to say's got an after - school detention and as the punishment was gonna make him was gonna say to him well
4464. his careers talk but the guided study person didn't know he was at his careers talk so just gave him an automatic after - school detention and texted his mum to say there was an after - school detention well texted to say's got an after - school detention and as the punishment was gonna make him was gonna say to him well we're not coming to get you you're on your
4465. he was at his careers talk so just gave him an automatic after - school detention and texted his mum to say there was an after - school detention well texted to say's got an after - school detention and as the punishment was gonna make him was gonna say to him well we're not coming to get you you're on your own you've gotta walk into town and get the bus
4467. ' t get an after - school detention or that's his story no well do you believe anything he says? no said erm he said if i ever hear that that gets an after - school detention i just laugh cos i know something's gone wrong i just know it cos he doesn't get them he never gets them i just know something's gone wrong and that '
4468. said that? s or said no said i can't believe i can't believe doubted him i can't believe his mum doubted him like that i mean would never get an after - school detention he was quite horrified have you told? yeah what does she say? well she said don't tell him that we were gonna make him get the bus home cos we're keeping that
4469. keeping that up our sleeve oh what? for what when he does do something wrong? yeah i said well's convinced he will never in capital letters i was texting her get an after - school detention she said no he probably won't do you think would wish he would? mm yeah mum do you know mm that was really good actually how mm how harsh is this right? if i was
4470. depends what if it was? well your dad knows and obviously he wouldn't let get a kicking i would get out of an eye line awkward i would get out if got into a fight at school i i would help him if got in a fight would you leave? i'd expect you to help him yeah but the thing is he would get in a fight so you're always on the
4472. ##s his dad's at was at wasn't he? yeah was he? is he at now isn't he? i don't think so i i suppose is he not in school full time? no he never has been oh? he always has tuesdays off so to do what? play football? play football or for who? who? when he goes to football he has english
4475. enough? yeah he is well over why doesn't he play then? why wouldn't you play for the school team if you loved football? he's probably playing football cos after school as well he doesn't just go one day a week that's why he prob he goes he goes about four or five times a week oh does he? after school mm are you hungry
4476. cos after school as well he doesn't just go one day a week that's why he prob he goes he goes about four or five times a week oh does he? after school mm are you hungry yet? why are you hunching your shoulders again? it makes me look hard it doesn't it makes you look like a wally you're doing the exact same thing
4477. mm and then you're home again are you? oh i'm home at about i'm home at about er el half past half eleven so you're not gonna stay at at school and study or anything like that? you'll come straight back? erm i do study for about ten minutes before i go cos usually i'm just waiting by the bus stop mm for
4478. ##s usually i'm just waiting by the bus stop mm for about twenty minutes right so i just study for ten minutes would you be able to stay? w do people stay at anybody stay at school? yeah some people what do you wanna do tomorrow then? mm? cos we'll be out mm i'll just come back here when will you be back? it depends on what time
4480. a week or mm if he's lucky so he treats them and then he becomes the wo most wonderful person in the world mm because the others they're just the mundane life you go to school you get up in the morning you have to you have to get dressed and you do all this that and the other and and you have the the ordinary bit of life whereas the dad comes along once or
4481. oh dad isn't like that dad take us here dad take us there but the boot on the other foot would be mum taking them everywhere and dad doing the mundane jobs like er taking them to school and getting them dressed and doing all that business yeah you know it's just it's just but in and's case because he's in isn't he yeah and they get so
4482. mm did i ever know you? did i ever? i i can't remember you i kno i i remembered about three people because i've kept in contact with them since we left school mm you know otherwise it's a huge gap isn't it that's a massive gap you you think of fif nineteen fifty - nine to the year two thousand that's that '

