Cluster 1
2. it ' s just like kicked off his little podium oh yeah i was like ah has it just when he got taken off? and she was like yes and then was like oh does erm mean truth? and she ' s like well done i just i watched her putting away her stuff and i was actually a bit worried like she ' s got like ocd or something i know literally she is it
3. as well in care in care that ' s the right word dad it ' s a shame mum but it ' s it ' s true i ' m afraid and you can ' t go around the truth you can ' t go around it? no you ' ve got to face it you ' ve got to go straight to it and that ' s what she ' s doing but they ' re not gonna
8. he ' d rather join the police the police? yeah he came up with that over? he came up with that the other day he said because once you get in there they have to tell the truth he goes once you get in there you can climb and climb the ranks and get higher and higher with the jobs yeah you can is that what he wants to do? i ' m not sure if he
9. wanna do that? not the police no i can ' t imagine in the police he ' s slightly dodgy he is slightly dodgy he ' d need to li he can ' t tell the truth he ' s a fibber he ' s quite bright don ' t have to be bright necessarily to be in the police you have to be able to communicate yeah he ' s confident yeah he is confident
10. i ' m convinced to this day so when you mentioned conspiracy theories it ' s you ' ve got mine relief but they but there are com er you know there are yeah there ' s gotta be truth in some conspiracy theor definitely you know people have conspiracy theories about everything but erm but when it comes to anything politically mm mm you know with a political agenda fabulous you know you could believe anything though
11. we can move in when they when they have destroyed us but there is there ' s some great theories the er conspiracy theories out there and there ' s gotta be t s you know there is some truth in some things but a lot of a lot of them will be just there ' s a question mark over something and they think ooh yeah exactly but there are major ones a lot a lot of the
12. i can ' t think of another one no let ' s think of another one quickly er um all the no everything you can take a politician to water but you can ' t make him tell the truth you can take a a horse to the to the water but a pencil must be lead that ' s laurel and hardy see he had a joke from nine oh the comedy nineteen twenty probably is still i still
13. you confess i am madly in love with marcus and i would do anything for him anything giuseppe was get my name right marco giuseppe was horrible to him and he knew he was about to find out the truth about us i guess we would both be chucked out in the street how could you cope being how could i cope with being homeless when i ' m used to such luxury you knew that i would inherit
14. to my ears no if i was her the paranoia he ' s he ' s like me in that respect i ' ve yes erm i think after you and mum broke up i went on this truth rampage yes that like i ' m not gonna lie i ' m not gonna say anything not truthful yes or hide anything yep and i quite hurt the first couple of years that we were together yes co
15. yeah i didn ' t wanna be tied down yep yep i didn ' t wanna do this yep i never cheated on her or anything like that no but i was brutally honest with the yes the the truth yeah sometimes erm it ' s not about lying no it ' s about not telling things that don ' t need to be said exactly i i don ' t call that a lie no i call that
19. well they did have it down to waves yes that i not very i ' m tuned into mm and waves diminishing what i don ' t pick up no and i think there ' s some truth in it truth in it really yeah mm so i think i could mind you have to put yeah you might see sense it might mystery i don ' t know no actually they ' re hard which is actually
20. have it down to waves yes that i not very i ' m tuned into mm and waves diminishing what i don ' t pick up no and i think there ' s some truth in it truth in it really yeah mm so i think i could mind you have to put yeah you might see sense it might mystery i don ' t know no actually they ' re hard which is actually hard oh right
33. ' s been there for ages what er i like these are they yours? shorts right this is so funny hashtag girlfriend translations says can i ask you something and i want you to tell me the truth basically means listen up you little fuck bo fuck boy i already know the truth because i stalked that little slag ' s facebook right back two thousand and eight so you better not fuck around acting like you
34. shorts right this is so funny hashtag girlfriend translations says can i ask you something and i want you to tell me the truth basically means listen up you little fuck bo fuck boy i already know the truth because i stalked that little slag ' s facebook right back two thousand and eight so you better not fuck around acting like you don ' t know who she is cos i hacked your dm '
39. quite a nice lad really isn ' t he? yeah once you get past all the rubbish that he spouts he ' s not very he ' s funny he ' s a bit liberal with the truth isn ' t he? yeah mm he is pretty bullshit he ' s quite quick on the answers though mm like he can pick up on something straightaway a teacher says something wrong and he wants to ann
41. s really obviously she ' ll know and say their surname i don ' t skin colour why am i helping you? yeah so i ' ve got it okay go okay guys second name or surname is truth or dare yeah and the first name is the person who wrote the da vinci code er dan dare yeah who is that? no idea no one knows but you got it right three oh on random ah wish
42. but equally it was better than that was it? yeah were you pissed? no we didn ' t drink any alcohol well that ' s good then that means that what you ' re saying has some truth involved in it so it was better than and it was packed everyday it ' s packed it ' s cos the anywhere new that opens in is gonna be rammed three months they ' ve they ' ve
45. so used to only getting approval if you act yeah like all this fake stuff yes that he thinks yeah that no - one ' s gonna like him if he ' s just yeah the i tells the truth that ' s that ' s definitely true and then anyway from my perspective yeah that is yeah cos i tried to say i mean i ' ve looked at stories i try to say like you ' re
46. they collude with each other you know he said that ' s very clever very responsive i said to once i said and i was genuinely hundred percent i ' m sure if you gave me the truth drug and psychoanalysed me i ' m sure i was genuinely trying to be nice i wasn ' t trying to be nice yeah i said do you think the reason that you ' re so unhappy
47. your dad doesn ' t lie no i don ' t think er he doesn ' t make up things no he doesn ' t no no i ' ve never no well i mean he can bend the truth somewhat yeah yeah but the same as everyone but that ' s not the same i don ' t i don ' t think i just call it call it the irish you know yeah yeah but i think that
51. have him from just before four to about six thirty tomorrow okay so you ' re taking tomorrow as well i don ' t know where this dentist is so he ' s gonna have to tell me the truth we ' re gonna fall out on the way you could end up going round a few times which one ' s? if i go to his house and you come back down past the post office is it
52. no i only own stupid ones i wanted to tell you i just wanted to tell you you just wanted to tell me but is that because he asked you to tell me? no you can tell the truth no what you don ' t want to tell the truth or? i can tell you ' re not telling the truth now you are not in trouble i ' m just saying that if it ' s important
53. i just wanted to tell you you just wanted to tell me but is that because he asked you to tell me? no you can tell the truth no what you don ' t want to tell the truth or? i can tell you ' re not telling the truth now you are not in trouble i ' m just saying that if it ' s important then daddy needs to communicate with me directly well it '
54. but is that because he asked you to tell me? no you can tell the truth no what you don ' t want to tell the truth or? i can tell you ' re not telling the truth now you are not in trouble i ' m just saying that if it ' s important then daddy needs to communicate with me directly well it ' s important cos it ' s for ' s party but
56. all these are the boys who are trying to talk to me i ' m going to delete them in a minute you see all these i never just see where all the photos are first first some truth ones okay that is actually what he looks like see that one he looks a bit like a criminal i want to see the criminal one he looks a bit like a criminal and then if you scroll left like
59. run that what you salah salah yeah i felt like a saw him on the tube mm anyway so psalm ninety - one says it it you know he ' s god ' s word is the truth so if you know the character you wouldn ' t feel so scared because you ' d be so assured by it anyway it says oh if you make the most high your dwelling even the lord who is my
63. who stared at stayed at home and then killed the people who visited me yeah i was gonna stay and so people pepeople were like oh you ' re obviously the werewolf and i told them the truth i said oh maybe i got healed by the doctor and the werewolf attacked me i was actually telling the truth but i was telling it in a way that made it sound like i was maybe lying or trying
64. people pepeople were like oh you ' re obviously the werewolf and i told them the truth i said oh maybe i got healed by the doctor and the werewolf attacked me i was actually telling the truth but i was telling it in a way that made it sound like i was maybe lying or trying to bullshit them yeah but i was telling the truth though but erm what happened was erm i said
65. and the werewolf attacked me i was actually telling the truth but i was telling it in a way that made it sound like i was maybe lying or trying to bullshit them yeah but i was telling the truth though but erm what happened was erm i said you know guys you know doctor healed me it ' s not my fault the werewolf attacked me i ' m not the werewolf erm and this one
66. gets easier you have choices to make you can either let their pettiness and what you know is wrong to get to you or you can say well you know i ' m sorry i know the truth in my heart i know the truth so i ' m not gonna let your misconceptions your misjudgements get to me mm erm you know it is something that is hard to do
67. you can either let their pettiness and what you know is wrong to get to you or you can say well you know i ' m sorry i know the truth in my heart i know the truth so i ' m not gonna let your misconceptions your misjudgements get to me mm erm you know it is something that is hard to do when you ' re younger but you
68. and yes this is one of many she ' s the biggest liar in anyhow she ' s got a little bit of a gob on her she likes to spin tales yeah speckles of truth you never quite know what is she phoned me up can you come and take him to school for me? think i ' ve got got the gasman coming something wrong with the boiler there weren '
69. i had clean underpants on every day things couldn ' t have gone any better then one day about a year ago i was feeling a bit down after listening to the massive version of my my album truth so i decided to watch some porn he continued in a regretful tone the first time i want to watch something funny like a midget fucking a horse you know just to cheer me up a little but
70. and steady every time and i always got through you see that time i went through slow and steady and i didn ' t get i did get through but i was banging all the way home see usually truth truth will out real usually yeah truth will out usually no it was just that bit deeper that day i don ' t know you didn ' t go with the measuring stick sadly i didn ' t if i
71. steady every time and i always got through you see that time i went through slow and steady and i didn ' t get i did get through but i was banging all the way home see usually truth truth will out real usually yeah truth will out usually no it was just that bit deeper that day i don ' t know you didn ' t go with the measuring stick sadly i didn ' t if i '
72. got through you see that time i went through slow and steady and i didn ' t get i did get through but i was banging all the way home see usually truth truth will out real usually yeah truth will out usually no it was just that bit deeper that day i don ' t know you didn ' t go with the measuring stick sadly i didn ' t if i ' d had a measuring stick if
78. bad? it ' s that bad hey this is how can it be already? it ' s that bad this is erm does this is the decider why? yeah but this isn ' t truth or dare why ' s it the decider? er well unless you wanna get up for eight am game tomorrow morning but you can only draw with me it ' s it ' s like winner stays on
82. of giants but they ' re not the huge ones which could look at this house and go hello? hello? well i could tell you a fact about legends mm? they ' re based on the truth not necessarily no legends are meant to be based on the truth no they ' re not they ' re just meant it ' s first of all it ' s a story it usually has a meaning doesn '
83. look at this house and go hello? hello? well i could tell you a fact about legends mm? they ' re based on the truth not necessarily no legends are meant to be based on the truth no they ' re not they ' re just meant it ' s first of all it ' s a story it usually has a meaning doesn ' t it? yeah it has a meaning behind it that doesn
84. a meaning behind it that doesn ' t necessarily mean it ' s true no not true but but it ' s an important thing to know about well yeah it could sometimes it has a little bit of truth in cos the because you know the dragon for? mm well you know her there may have been a e there may have been a giant snake that could well n could ' ve been something that sa
85. yeah? it ' s in two er written twice dotwo different writings and i just think it ' s there must be something behind there mustn ' t there? there must be some sort of truth because it ' s got records of her baptism and things in a church what? and i that is just may it ' s a bit weird isn ' t it? mm well actually there was this lady
86. ' ve just felt very ill yeah but i ' ve always found it really interesting and the fact they didn ' t speak any english for years i just find it fascinating there must be some sort of truth behind that particular lelegend i think or there ' s a f er legend based on a place in erm called swaffham in norfolk about now i won ' t be able to remember
87. he then went all the way back to swaffham dug up his garden and then there was loads of treasure in the back garden and again you just think well there must be some kind of truth about it because it ' s a named person in a particular village i ' ve got an idea maybe it ' s well to be fair hang on maybe it ' s erm if you you when you
89. ' s n it ' s got an actual specific real village named in it yeah it ' s not that it ' s completely made up so there there must be there must be some some kind of truth in there i ' m guessing that they said they would find their riches in london and he kind of did well he kind of did and he needed to make that journey and that ' s the hero '
91. there ' s this classic paper called positive illusions and it just proved that if people have certain core s beliefs about themselves or are happier and but i just think if you you have to go for the truth and accept to be less happy yeah that ' s er my belief i know but that ' s that thing in the you remember that bit in the matrix? erm oh it ' s not in the
92. been sort of a change in er that ' s a classic thought experiment in philosophy and that ' s erm been done for decades and it used to be that all the students wanted to know the truth they want they didn ' t want to yeah just live in the oh my god and now it ' s changing and they ' re starting to think like no i er virtual reality yeah no i ' m
94. s funny about all those facts isn ' t it? because you know there ' re sort of bits where y the you have to imagine something where it ' s very difficult to find out ththe truth of the matter because it wasn ' t then recorded or if you could know something it ' s not necessarily true you know so say for example my uncle said to me the other day oh well how did
95. non - smoker mm mm your marital status mm which i know we ' ve not seen for a number of years mm mm um and things about signing off your cv as a declaration of mm the truth mm and i think there are a lot to be said in mm terms of cultural differences in the cv mm mm photos that ' s right that ' s right yeah it ' s funny isn ' t it
96. was a someone was a cylon cylon yeah but now my cylon radar has changed direction from and and gone to why do you suspect me? cos your laughing too much kn knows the truth er what happens now then? when we ' ve we ' ve so ' s already seen that you ' re a cylon and is choosing not to tell us is that is that the way it goes
98. either do the true one or the false one and then the people the other er team have to guess whether you ' re doing a false one true or false or the true one it ' s like truth or what ' s that song? would i lie to you? would i lie to you? yeah except just with words so a yegg y e g g y e g g? a yegg
99. ##gg y e g g y e g g? a yegg? yeah i ' ve never i ' ve never heard of that okay so okay so you don ' t know whether i did the truth or bluff right give me what? i haven ' t said what it is yet er let me just read these there is a television programme like that actually call my bluff go on tell tell er just just
100. bluff go on tell tell er just just say what are the ones here? jjust say ooone of the explanations one of the no you have to sa does it ha if it ' s truth or a lie no no no needs to tell you i have to get sort of the truth or lie no no it ' s er no he ' s got he ' s got to say his thing that
101. ooone of the explanations one of the no you have to sa does it ha if it ' s truth or a lie no no no needs to tell you i have to get sort of the truth or lie no no it ' s er no he ' s got he ' s got to say his thing that ' s right the meanings okay okay so he doesn ' t have to think of and we
102. because he was reading for a very long time you ' ve just said it well he ' s gonna read ' s just said all of them anyway except one i know yeah that he told us the truth no i just said no i said no i said i am telling you the truth i think it you haven ' t guessed it i think it ' s we ' ve all guessed false anyway okay let '
103. he ' s gonna read ' s just said all of them anyway except one i know yeah that he told us the truth no i just said no i said no i said i am telling you the truth i think it you haven ' t guessed it i think it ' s we ' ve all guessed false anyway okay let ' s lie go it ' s a lie it ' s a lie no he '
104. okay let ' s lie go it ' s a lie it ' s a lie no he ' s it ' s a lie lie lie it ' s a lie who thinks i ' m telling the truth? he ' s being cool who thinks i ' m not telling the? i ' m sorry to say that is the only one who doesn ' t know her dad very well ah no you right so
105. oh no wait you ' ve got there are two out the packet oh no this this ah this makes much more sense oh right this makes much more sense but what is? so it ' s not truth or lie? explaining? so you ' re you actually you form into two teams right? oh two teams? right just like okay and for each card you pick there ' s there ' s like the
106. a look e h e l l rakehell how many erm? and don ' t don ' t read those out no who else is in her team? one does shh one does the truth one can pick one of the wrong ones and one can make one up yeah i know so you can skip one of the wrong ones no because then you can ' t guess who made one up yeah yeah
108. wasn ' t i ' ll shuffle them ah i didn ' t i wasn ' t actually reading the words anyway mm so okay? so which do you think? i think you ' re telling the truth maybe i always tell the truth? erm see i think what was ' s? someone who lit street lamps and knocked on windows to wake everybody up i think that was a thing in victorian era that
109. shuffle them ah i didn ' t i wasn ' t actually reading the words anyway mm so okay? so which do you think? i think you ' re telling the truth maybe i always tell the truth? erm see i think what was ' s? someone who lit street lamps and knocked on windows to wake everybody up i think that was a thing in victorian era that was a thing wasn ' t
111. when was telling me all this stuff yeah like she ' s sad and stuff and like i can ' t i ' m not gonna turn around and tell you like i ' m gonna give you the truth like mm i want to be blunt with you you know like? mm you ' ve got to make changes you ' ve got to change your job you ' ve got to change what you ' re doing
117. haheard enough to know whether you want to? no but half of it ' s lies that ' s the trouble mm and people can ' t distinguish what ' s lies and what ' s the truth very difficult that w apparently we ' re going to be safer out of europe well we ' ll be safer from what? yes your friend didn ' t take kindly to me yesterday when i was saying something
120. whatever it is you say er you can say to the judge on the door he says i ' ll answer any question you can have about your life any question at all and i will tell you the truth about what really happened could be anything like kennedy dando oh so it ' s not your life it ' s the life yeah it ' s like not your life it ' s about about it ' s
121. ' re not going or he would tell you the name of the guy who pulled the trigger and it wouldn ' t mean anything to you yeah well no no he when you say it ' s the truth you don ' t get anything more than fbi or whatever so what you need to be very specific about your question? would you you know what do you get by knowing that the fbi killed kennedy? well
122. weird as well the brother and the ex - boyfriend that was honestly there was definitely something suspicious about them the boyfriend the boyfriend like not the boyfriend the brother like you has a duty to find out the truth you need like why was he so defensive of the police? and saying how much he loved them and whatever when even if you think it was avery you ' d go maybe he was grateful that they went
123. that was it no it didn ' t win an oscar can ' t believe it i ca i was thinking i dunno what i believe that why are they doing? i thought they were telling the truth in paris might ' ve won it maybe who knows? it was a good film it was a good film i remember it who knows? jesus two thousand fifteen years ago i went to see that in the
133. shit up yeah although a new car newish car wouldn ' t be too bad sounds like some old wives ' tale to me which all most old wives ' tales are founded in some sort of old truth aren ' t they? so do you drive? no no i don ' t do you know anything about cars? no no i don ' t well you stick to what you know then and leave the
135. so forth what ' s expected and what ' s not expected how do you go round certain things how do you emphasise certain things a moral enterprise in the sense that how much do you stretch the truth er is really where i ' m aiming at there it ' s a big part of evaluation unfortunately and everyone does it like this is well known that you know you do a small thing and you you elaborate
137. is to try and teach them and make them better so i think jem should have given his opinion it might not have changed anything but he should have given his opinion yeah but do you think that the truth is always the best thing? the truth is the ultimate pure er a completely undoctored truth is like it ' s like you know perfect but people don ' t wanna hear the truth people can '
138. them better so i think jem should have given his opinion it might not have changed anything but he should have given his opinion yeah but do you think that the truth is always the best thing? the truth is the ultimate pure er a completely undoctored truth is like it ' s like you know perfect but people don ' t wanna hear the truth people can ' t accept the truth people look at the
139. it might not have changed anything but he should have given his opinion yeah but do you think that the truth is always the best thing? the truth is the ultimate pure er a completely undoctored truth is like it ' s like you know perfect but people don ' t wanna hear the truth people can ' t accept the truth people look at the truth in different ways so it ' s much easier to
140. that the truth is always the best thing? the truth is the ultimate pure er a completely undoctored truth is like it ' s like you know perfect but people don ' t wanna hear the truth people can ' t accept the truth people look at the truth in different ways so it ' s much easier to put a slant on the truth and then to give it you know full flush that this is
141. thing? the truth is the ultimate pure er a completely undoctored truth is like it ' s like you know perfect but people don ' t wanna hear the truth people can ' t accept the truth people look at the truth in different ways so it ' s much easier to put a slant on the truth and then to give it you know full flush that this is the truth so what if a lady
142. the ultimate pure er a completely undoctored truth is like it ' s like you know perfect but people don ' t wanna hear the truth people can ' t accept the truth people look at the truth in different ways so it ' s much easier to put a slant on the truth and then to give it you know full flush that this is the truth so what if a lady in her dying days on
143. you know perfect but people don ' t wanna hear the truth people can ' t accept the truth people look at the truth in different ways so it ' s much easier to put a slant on the truth and then to give it you know full flush that this is the truth so what if a lady in her dying days on her deathbed you had unconclusive proof inconclusive? i dunno
144. ' t accept the truth people look at the truth in different ways so it ' s much easier to put a slant on the truth and then to give it you know full flush that this is the truth so what if a lady in her dying days on her deathbed you had unconclusive proof inconclusive? i dunno proof that god didn ' t exist or that something that she believed in
145. dunno proof that god didn ' t exist or that something that she believed in didn ' t exist or that there was an explanation for it would you tell her so that she could live knowing the truth? or would you but that say and say that wouldn ' t make her happier that would make her sadder yeah tha i get where you ' re coming from but i think that ' s one of
146. tha i get where you ' re coming from but i think that ' s one of the few places religion plays are a really positive role yeah i mean not not few places er yeah people deserve the truth but people don ' t want the truth people people know the truth it ' s like if you ask someone would you much rather i told you the truth about something or lied to you about it they '
147. from but i think that ' s one of the few places religion plays are a really positive role yeah i mean not not few places er yeah people deserve the truth but people don ' t want the truth people people know the truth it ' s like if you ask someone would you much rather i told you the truth about something or lied to you about it they ' ll say the truth all the time right
148. ' s one of the few places religion plays are a really positive role yeah i mean not not few places er yeah people deserve the truth but people don ' t want the truth people people know the truth it ' s like if you ask someone would you much rather i told you the truth about something or lied to you about it they ' ll say the truth all the time right? yeah yeah but they
149. not not few places er yeah people deserve the truth but people don ' t want the truth people people know the truth it ' s like if you ask someone would you much rather i told you the truth about something or lied to you about it they ' ll say the truth all the time right? yeah yeah but they don ' t wanna hear the truth because i know no the truth isn ' t what
150. t want the truth people people know the truth it ' s like if you ask someone would you much rather i told you the truth about something or lied to you about it they ' ll say the truth all the time right? yeah yeah but they don ' t wanna hear the truth because i know no the truth isn ' t what the truth they wanna hear the truth they wanna believe they ' d much
151. someone would you much rather i told you the truth about something or lied to you about it they ' ll say the truth all the time right? yeah yeah but they don ' t wanna hear the truth because i know no the truth isn ' t what the truth they wanna hear the truth they wanna believe they ' d much rather listen to something else and i would say and that one that that woman if
152. told you the truth about something or lied to you about it they ' ll say the truth all the time right? yeah yeah but they don ' t wanna hear the truth because i know no the truth isn ' t what the truth they wanna hear the truth they wanna believe they ' d much rather listen to something else and i would say and that one that that woman if you asked her do you want
153. or lied to you about it they ' ll say the truth all the time right? yeah yeah but they don ' t wanna hear the truth because i know no the truth isn ' t what the truth they wanna hear the truth they wanna believe they ' d much rather listen to something else and i would say and that one that that woman if you asked her do you want the truth about stuff? yeah
154. it they ' ll say the truth all the time right? yeah yeah but they don ' t wanna hear the truth because i know no the truth isn ' t what the truth they wanna hear the truth they wanna believe they ' d much rather listen to something else and i would say and that one that that woman if you asked her do you want the truth about stuff? yeah it ' s in your
155. t what the truth they wanna hear the truth they wanna believe they ' d much rather listen to something else and i would say and that one that that woman if you asked her do you want the truth about stuff? yeah it ' s in your dying days you you want the truth right? she ' d say yeah er i definitely want the truth the truth is erm yes go on then but sh
156. rather listen to something else and i would say and that one that that woman if you asked her do you want the truth about stuff? yeah it ' s in your dying days you you want the truth right? she ' d say yeah er i definitely want the truth the truth is erm yes go on then but sh the second you tell her that yyou shatter the truth that she ' s the
157. that woman if you asked her do you want the truth about stuff? yeah it ' s in your dying days you you want the truth right? she ' d say yeah er i definitely want the truth the truth is erm yes go on then but sh the second you tell her that yyou shatter the truth that she ' s the the truth she ' s lived with in her in her world and
158. if you asked her do you want the truth about stuff? yeah it ' s in your dying days you you want the truth right? she ' d say yeah er i definitely want the truth the truth is erm yes go on then but sh the second you tell her that yyou shatter the truth that she ' s the the truth she ' s lived with in her in her world and you shatter
159. you you want the truth right? she ' d say yeah er i definitely want the truth the truth is erm yes go on then but sh the second you tell her that yyou shatter the truth that she ' s the the truth she ' s lived with in her in her world and you shatter that and yyou take away what she ' s built up before erm yeah yeah that that would
160. she ' d say yeah er i definitely want the truth the truth is erm yes go on then but sh the second you tell her that yyou shatter the truth that she ' s the the truth she ' s lived with in her in her world and you shatter that and yyou take away what she ' s built up before erm yeah yeah that that would be a completely hard one because er
161. religion and they don ' t want they don ' t wanna refuse it yeah you know they ' re addicted to it but then michael caine said in the the dark knight rises sometimes we should let the truth what did he say? i dunno after you know he told that man that erm that the letter yeah that that that that girl wrote him he burned it or whatever and it ' s like sometimes
162. man that erm that the letter yeah that that that that girl wrote him he burned it or whatever and it ' s like sometimes you ' ve just got we should start trying to outsmart the truth i dunno something like that it ' s bad to take advice like that from films well no cos the the end of the dark knight the er it is the like the most the the the best
163. the the end of the dark knight the er it is the like the most the the the best er that ' s not i think that ' s the thing that people should draw through about what the truth is and and how it should be the er where where he says that you know he killed harvey and all those cops and that it was his fault and that he he should be hunted down because he said
164. he says that you know he killed harvey and all those cops and that it was his fault and that he he should be hunted down because he said something like people deserve sometimes people deserve more than the truth erm people deserve better er better than they can be given and er so he ' ll he ' ll he ' ll take the hit for it because he wants to give people hope and and make them
165. er so he ' ll he ' ll he ' ll take the hit for it because he wants to give people hope and and make them feel better erm if you ask people would you want the truth er er of of gotham they would have said yes but it would have shattered their world now iit iit ' s a different question if you you ask them if you want a truth er it '
166. want the truth er er of of gotham they would have said yes but it would have shattered their world now iit iit ' s a different question if you you ask them if you want a truth er it ' s a it ' s a er a real truth but it ' s gonna shatter your world it ' s gonna destroy the foundations that it ' s built on then they then th then it
167. but it would have shattered their world now iit iit ' s a different question if you you ask them if you want a truth er it ' s a it ' s a er a real truth but it ' s gonna shatter your world it ' s gonna destroy the foundations that it ' s built on then they then th then it gives them a problem of whether they accept something they said was pure
168. other game can we play? say something the most likely was fun right we can play cheaters won ' t lie we can play the back - to - back thing why don ' t we play truth or dare? yeah okay that could actually be quite good can we can we say truth multiple times? erm you could yeah yeah i usually like that game i find that that can be good okay so
169. cheaters won ' t lie we can play the back - to - back thing why don ' t we play truth or dare? yeah okay that could actually be quite good can we can we say truth multiple times? erm you could yeah yeah i usually like that game i find that that can be good okay so when we do dares i ' m just saying now too extreme me too i '
170. a rule when someone asks someone the next person who ' s asking can ' t ask the same person yeah so it must be someone different or maybe not cos i could end up really badly right truth or dare who ' s up for truth or dare people? no one ' s listening to me is it still recording? what? is it still recording if i go off? yeah mm truth or dare
171. person who ' s asking can ' t ask the same person yeah so it must be someone different or maybe not cos i could end up really badly right truth or dare who ' s up for truth or dare people? no one ' s listening to me is it still recording? what? is it still recording if i go off? yeah mm truth or dare that ' s what we ' re going
172. right truth or dare who ' s up for truth or dare people? no one ' s listening to me is it still recording? what? is it still recording if i go off? yeah mm truth or dare that ' s what we ' re going to do i really like that picture mm so cute your eyes are so blue look mine are well close up you can tell how dark blue they are but
174. ' s a plan that would be hilarious oh one can i just take a photo first before you delete delete it? if your skin are you gonna come join in? we ' re doing truth or dare nudity there you go we ' ll take it off no that ' s great it ' s fine is it weird if i take it off with wine? yes oh well that ' s actually
175. i take it off with wine? yes oh well that ' s actually oh yeah we should light that i ' ll wait for to finish what she ' s saying and then i ' ll ask her truth or dare? er dare oh dare oh you ' re wearing something nice and so i ' m not going to do anything like pour something over your head please don ' t make me take my clothes off
177. i mean poor girl erm yeah we ' ll you ' re gonna make it worse now oh yeah i ' m not choosing her to pick next am i? i ' m choosing her to do truth or dare yeah okay i ' m gonna skip that erm someone ' s gonna have to translate truth truth okay truth oh truth i can ' t think of any good ones can someone help me out maybe
178. i ' m not choosing her to pick next am i? i ' m choosing her to do truth or dare yeah okay i ' m gonna skip that erm someone ' s gonna have to translate truth truth okay truth oh truth i can ' t think of any good ones can someone help me out maybe? think of one? have you ever put anything in your vagina that wasn ' t a dick
179. ' m not choosing her to pick next am i? i ' m choosing her to do truth or dare yeah okay i ' m gonna skip that erm someone ' s gonna have to translate truth truth okay truth oh truth i can ' t think of any good ones can someone help me out maybe? think of one? have you ever put anything in your vagina that wasn ' t a dick?
180. not choosing her to pick next am i? i ' m choosing her to do truth or dare yeah okay i ' m gonna skip that erm someone ' s gonna have to translate truth truth okay truth oh truth i can ' t think of any good ones can someone help me out maybe? think of one? have you ever put anything in your vagina that wasn ' t a dick? or fingers
181. her to pick next am i? i ' m choosing her to do truth or dare yeah okay i ' m gonna skip that erm someone ' s gonna have to translate truth truth okay truth oh truth i can ' t think of any good ones can someone help me out maybe? think of one? have you ever put anything in your vagina that wasn ' t a dick? or fingers or fingers
182. a sip and was like that wasn ' t my drink is it is it my turn to choose someone now? yep okay erm i choose erm it ' s him him him yeah erm truth or truth or dare? truth truth okay oh i ' ve got one saw it online okay snog marry or avoid oh i need to think of french people cos she won ' t know english
183. and was like that wasn ' t my drink is it is it my turn to choose someone now? yep okay erm i choose erm it ' s him him him yeah erm truth or truth or dare? truth truth okay oh i ' ve got one saw it online okay snog marry or avoid oh i need to think of french people cos she won ' t know english at all
184. wasn ' t my drink is it is it my turn to choose someone now? yep okay erm i choose erm it ' s him him him yeah erm truth or truth or dare? truth truth okay oh i ' ve got one saw it online okay snog marry or avoid oh i need to think of french people cos she won ' t know english at all will she? she
185. ' t my drink is it is it my turn to choose someone now? yep okay erm i choose erm it ' s him him him yeah erm truth or truth or dare? truth truth okay oh i ' ve got one saw it online okay snog marry or avoid oh i need to think of french people cos she won ' t know english at all will she? she might
186. girls a little bit more than they said that they wanted to yeah carried on and we were like on now now i haven ' t finished yet let me come to completion i wanna eat her first mm truth or dare just now yeah you ask someone truth or dare? dare just such old when i woke up and i was just like backstreet ' s back alright you have to stand there go like this
187. they wanted to yeah carried on and we were like on now now i haven ' t finished yet let me come to completion i wanna eat her first mm truth or dare just now yeah you ask someone truth or dare? dare just such old when i woke up and i was just like backstreet ' s back alright you have to stand there go like this that up and down whilst singing whilst singing er
188. the crisps don ' t do that block the boys it ' s fine yeah yeah i ' m up for a game now i actually feel up for it i dare i dare oh yeah were playing truth or dare come on let ' s play truth or dare i ' m up for a dare okay i ' m up for a dare do a sexy dance on me she ' s she ' s i '
189. the boys it ' s fine yeah yeah i ' m up for a game now i actually feel up for it i dare i dare oh yeah were playing truth or dare come on let ' s play truth or dare i ' m up for a dare okay i ' m up for a dare do a sexy dance on me she ' s she ' s i ' ve dared her to do a sexy dance on
190. re drinking wine it ' s a shame erm peus it ' s your turn to pick someone ah i would have chosen what? what? what? what? what? what? pardon? truth truth does he erm try and lick his own cock? yes why aren ' t the haribos being eaten? my sword my sword he ' s telling me he ' s never tried it? he
191. drinking wine it ' s a shame erm peus it ' s your turn to pick someone ah i would have chosen what? what? what? what? what? what? pardon? truth truth does he erm try and lick his own cock? yes why aren ' t the haribos being eaten? my sword my sword he ' s telling me he ' s never tried it? he '
192. oh thank you thank you now it ' s your go why did you let me? because you ' re hilarious what ' s wrong honey? why is the bench like leaning that way? so it truth or dare er she asked me she can ' t find a truth have you ever fingered yourself? where ' s yes there you go choose someone oh truth or dare? truth or dare dare yeah woo anything
193. you let me? because you ' re hilarious what ' s wrong honey? why is the bench like leaning that way? so it truth or dare er she asked me she can ' t find a truth have you ever fingered yourself? where ' s yes there you go choose someone oh truth or dare? truth or dare dare yeah woo anything? not anything anything something really cool and to do with alcohol co
194. the bench like leaning that way? so it truth or dare er she asked me she can ' t find a truth have you ever fingered yourself? where ' s yes there you go choose someone oh truth or dare? truth or dare dare yeah woo anything? not anything anything something really cool and to do with alcohol cos she needs to get drunk yeah but nothing too much like yeah like downing a shot
195. that way? so it truth or dare er she asked me she can ' t find a truth have you ever fingered yourself? where ' s yes there you go choose someone oh truth or dare? truth or dare dare yeah woo anything? not anything anything something really cool and to do with alcohol cos she needs to get drunk yeah but nothing too much like yeah like downing a shot of vodka can you
198. it was amy ' s fault well terese is meant to check the letters but amy said that she just leave she was fine she could do it on her own well amy should erm tell the truth then what a bitch what a bitch what a skank no well amy ' s a builder amy isn ' t a pa exactly but i think paul ' s trying to get her away from kyle again kyle
201. mean though like in terms of the films that i ' ve seen i mean i watch a lot of films and what you do is that you find the you ' re you ' re digging for the truth you know you ' re searching for the truth but when you see lots of films you can see that what the scriptwriters do is that they transplant the truth into their own version of reality you know
202. i ' ve seen i mean i watch a lot of films and what you do is that you find the you ' re you ' re digging for the truth you know you ' re searching for the truth but when you see lots of films you can see that what the scriptwriters do is that they transplant the truth into their own version of reality you know so they ' re making a story up but
203. re you ' re digging for the truth you know you ' re searching for the truth but when you see lots of films you can see that what the scriptwriters do is that they transplant the truth into their own version of reality you know so they ' re making a story up but people are watching it going yeah there ' s something in the back of my brain that ' s yeah buying that i
204. look for things yeah but i ' m doing i ' m doing this as a fiction yeah exactly it is fiction mm that ' s right and and that ' s how you ' re transplanting your truth your search mm for truth into the fic into fiction yeah erm so that ' s why i can understand who these people who you talk to who said that they wanted to change you know mm the
205. i ' m doing i ' m doing this as a fiction yeah exactly it is fiction mm that ' s right and and that ' s how you ' re transplanting your truth your search mm for truth into the fic into fiction yeah erm so that ' s why i can understand who these people who you talk to who said that they wanted to change you know mm the whole the but act whole
206. what what the ending is so but do you think hollywood are gonna be interested in duplicitous american conspiracies? mm well this is what i was asking about your search for truth and your write for fiction but sometimes i guess what touches a nerve with some people is that it ' s a little bit too close to the bone so if you scale it back into something that is adapt
207. person? what is the erm the reason why he keeps moving along this trajectory? what ' s the common sense of why he ' s going here? justice justice justice justice so the search for truth yeah yeah search yeah for truth okay and then you can do and and getting justice i mean he ' s pissed off with yeah you know giving sort of car bombers er asbos and erm electronic ankle
208. ##m the reason why he keeps moving along this trajectory? what ' s the common sense of why he ' s going here? justice justice justice justice so the search for truth yeah yeah search yeah for truth okay and then you can do and and getting justice i mean he ' s pissed off with yeah you know giving sort of car bombers er asbos and erm electronic ankle bracelets yeah so you know
212. quite a striking comment yeah then yeah you owe it yourself to look at that mm and turn it over in your mind running through your emotions yeah and if it doesn ' t resonate with you as truth then reject it yeah cos your truth is the only one that matters somebody else ' s is their subjective idea of you it ' s not real true yes so bollocks fuck off bollocks
213. owe it yourself to look at that mm and turn it over in your mind running through your emotions yeah and if it doesn ' t resonate with you as truth then reject it yeah cos your truth is the only one that matters somebody else ' s is their subjective idea of you it ' s not real true yes so bollocks fuck off bollocks to that yeah you know attention - seeking
216. long left? er talk about more question er um yeah did your dad say that he had ed sheeran at his pub? or was he making it up? he did but then i got the truth out of someone else i think he i think someone must have told it him cos like he were pretty convinced about it like so he thought he was telling the truth but he wasn ' t yeah he
217. did but then i got the truth out of someone else i think he i think someone must have told it him cos like he were pretty convinced about it like so he thought he was telling the truth but he wasn ' t yeah he thought he was telling the truth but he weren ' t i don ' t think i ' m pretty sure that ed sheeran ' s never played at no i mean
218. he i think someone must have told it him cos like he were pretty convinced about it like so he thought he was telling the truth but he wasn ' t yeah he thought he was telling the truth but he weren ' t i don ' t think i ' m pretty sure that ed sheeran ' s never played at no i mean he lives down south don ' t he from when he yeah he
222. i should probably have done it for her but yeah but that ' s she felt that strongly that ' s a really shit reason to do something mm because you ' re no longer standing in your own truth you ' re sacrificing a part of yourself for somebody else ' s happiness yeah exactly i would wonder i mean your mum sounds to me like an intelligent woman i would think if you phrased
224. yeah where people have to guess what the lie was and one of his things was er i ' m i ' m from spain i ' m spanish right and we were all like is he telling the truth? is that? i was like is that? it didn ' t it didn ' t sound distinctly italian enough and i was like is er is this spanish? i don ' t know i studied it
227. ##ndous it was just er mushrooms are so slimy she ' ll make it for you again i know that ' s the risk that ' s the risk when you don ' t tell people the truth where ' s the lid? is like she ' s still getting to grips with english politeness okay like the other day we were talking to this wa this girl in the well not girl she ' s
230. and we all just looked at each other and i could imagine that that ' s exactly how and they all looked at each other mm in that room mm and i said do you want to know the truth? f and you could see the f inhale from the other two cos they know me and they thought oh crap mm and um he said yes yes i certainly do and i said you you had
231. did to be fair the exam board can ' t actually do anything about it because he might be lying for all we know because there is no way first of all telling that he ' s telling the truth and second of all that it ' s him yeah yeah it could like it could plausibly be a friend messing about with a parody account a bitter jape yeah a jape yes a well -
232. military police go in there yeah yeah yeah go in there go in there go in there that ' s alright he died did you just hit him in the face? no did you? i want the truth you can ' t handle the truth it wasn ' t in the face it was the back of the head i can ' t i ' m gonna die skirmisher right now when the skirmisher right thanks
233. yeah go in there go in there go in there that ' s alright he died did you just hit him in the face? no did you? i want the truth you can ' t handle the truth it wasn ' t in the face it was the back of the head i can ' t i ' m gonna die skirmisher right now when the skirmisher right thanks for the heads up let me do

Cluster 2
0. ##k i haven ' t had a lamb shank in years there we go great thank you oh brilliant thank you yeah i kind of didn ' t erm expect to be here to tell you the truth oh mm why ' s that? well i ' ve only been up here a couple of times before and i kind of figured it was because it was struggle to come up this way mm mm mm i
1. t want to go out and stuff so we didn ' t do the stuff we were meant to do and it worked out well cos we got to come and see you guys just not the whole truth yeah which i wanted to do but when i said oh we should go with them the first time she was like oh no but we have to do what wants to do fair enough because it ' s his
4. am really ill i ' m not you ' re not no you ' re just wrong put that out there exit you ' re just wrong in the head i ' m afraid girl that ' s the truth of the matter right there we go i think it ' s wrong remote controls to be fair maybe it ' s the new tv positioning cos it ' s so far away well i need glasses i can
5. a lot even though we ' ve only known each other a couple of years like you know when people come into your life and you just feel like they get you they ' ll only tell you the truth they really understand yeah yeah and and you ' re so similar and you ' re you know you ' ve just made a friend for life and um with her i really feel that and i really value her
6. my life er said i ' m er you know i ' m ill i ' m not gonna come i ' m sorry sorry like i couldn ' t just say i should probably have just told the truth and said i don ' t wanna become you know blah blah blah mm yeah erm you know he s didn ' t reply but s changed his facebook status the next day and it was like well things
7. of fetched and carried and done for him i think so and yeah he doesn ' t really think about doing anything himself because he never has i dunno mm i think there ' s lots of truth in that he ' s a ve he ' s sort of very interesting he ' s he ' s i don ' t yeah oh i can ' t speak i can ' t say any words today er
16. don ' t as much as other people do but no ' s always saying that i don ' t need to see my mum like you do i feel like going shut up yeah that ' s the truth i mean some people need to see their family more than other people do yeah yeah but need is different to want isn ' t it groovy? they ' re not very safe for going up and
17. release prisoners they they are given erm like a rail warrant it ' s called they ' re given free transport to whatever city they ' re from in the uk and about forty pounds yeah but the truth is forty pounds these days isn ' t gonna even get you into a flat so we ' ve got a huge problem here where people are being released with no support and no money behind them not enough to
18. but they might not be able to that ' s true if they ' re from manchester and the prisons on dartmoor they ' re going to get one visit a year probably and that ' s the truth of it yeah this this is true not to mention prisoners are moved round the country all the time they are so it ' s you know some of it depends on the level of security that that you know
21. there pulled it apart with fish and chips in newspaper oh i bet that was delicious wasn ' t it? in newspaper hot loaf of bread yeah that ' s it honest to god that ' s the truth yeah oh can imagine or gi ' s a coupla rolls if he only had enough for a coupla rolls yeah he ' d ' ve give us one extra oh we ' ll sit there we '
22. their homes they can see us around this building yeah and so that ' s why i ' ve thought since i got here that we should do something and put a bricks and mortar facility in because the truth of those maps is that you know better than i all of this where people live is just where people live it ' s really about work u er u home to work routes home to shopping home to facilities
23. ##s then in this brave new world have been talking about pulling together a consortium to speak to the new bidders and providers and to be part of their community planning for their bid oh right but the truth is that this is brand new to us as hospices they don ' t i believe they don ' t understand what consortium means actually this is back to srb or or or lottery or you know a
24. have found out that the money that ' s given to hospices three hundred and eighty - five thousand pounds is not part of the thirteen million pounds so they think everything ' s okay now but the truth is we have to work with that provider because that is the provider that will refer into hospice services so yeah actually i have had some negotiations with and are bidding in we are also on the face of it
25. us but i suspect that if the gp practice for is here i wouldn ' t be surprised if they do refer to there mm because hospices have been b have grown up around a building and the truth is that we ' re not about a building we ' ve probably got far more of our nurses in hospice in the home g active here oh right yeah than they ' ve got anything so buildings are just
26. that more blue sky and it ' s more further on it ' s not something yeah although that no plenty more opportunity for the private sector there yeah which i think is what ' s gonna happen the truth is like the hhealth is really i wouldn ' t be surprised to see virgin healthcare deliv look bid for that bid yeah they do it in with a thousand a thousand carers over the whole
27. ##whereas in other countries that just doesn ' t happen do they still hold it do they? oh yes yeah it ' s owned i mean it ' s tenanted out but it the truth is that person ' s calling the shots aren ' t they? they ' re saying right i want sheep on here yeah i want cows on this and they ' re calling the shots erm whereas in
28. re not on it though are we? we ' ve gotta get back on the the motorway cos this isn ' t or is it? it feels like it should be called to tell you the truth i think we ' re still we ' re still on that one yeah i wonder if we ' ve missed the turning? i don ' t know how far to go before deciding i ' m enjoying it
29. now feels the opposite it feels like they don ' t want the palestinians to have any land and that ' s not you know that ' s how it feels but it it ' s not the whole truth mm and we know that but it ' s erm it ' s it ' s really hard really hard to you know you just you don ' t understand why everybody why does iran and syria and all
30. don ' t understand that word what? because papalestine wants to be a nation but israel won ' t let them that ' s not how simple it is at all but it ' s the truth it ' s not no but what happen listen to what happened in the with rabin in the nineteen seventies they made an agreement they told me that before i know they gave the whole of palestine but we
31. i ' m just trying to put it in perspective because the media in europe comes gives a very biased perspective of the situation no i i i mean i started by saying it does remind us of the truth of what ' s in the people just to meet and remember that his grandparents lost their whole family not only that yeah erm because it makes it real again you know that this is the the reality for
32. myself and i do wonder if it ' s a female thing is having to be ten times better than anybody else to get the same recognition that an average man gets mm and whether there ' s any truth in that or whether that ' s just a perception mm i don ' t know and it was weird being magnificent and being the best in england mm at erm you know business things and making shed loads
35. first question we knew he ' d ask is is he still so is is monsieur ye er oui and we went oh righ and then we ' d say her philippe are you telling us the truth? are you sure you ' re not banking on this money? putting it into an account on the side and he said honestly he ' s still alive so oh alright sixty - five do you know how
36. out how long has he been travelling? he knows oh dad you ' ve got to take the ipad out and he just said oh they stop you anyway and they don ' t er actually in fact truth be told truth be told er i had got into a habit of doing that because the he in schiphol they don ' t care yeah well this is the thing in england is the worst for that
37. has he been travelling? he knows oh dad you ' ve got to take the ipad out and he just said oh they stop you anyway and they don ' t er actually in fact truth be told truth be told er i had got into a habit of doing that because the he in schiphol they don ' t care yeah well this is the thing in england is the worst for that but you you
38. target foreigners then because the yeah yeah it wouldn ' t be the locals doing that yeah but it caused an outcry and they had to back down back down did they? yeah because i the truth is if those workers went elsewhere then it would cripple the economy oh well and they ' re not earning that much so oh no if you started taxing them yeah even if it was only one
40. because if i ' m not with him i ' m weaker i just that he they complete you y right exactly yeah in that way as cheesy as it sounds no but it ' s the truth right but at the same time i said i er i can look back over my years with him and without him and think and i know one hundred percent that i didn ' t know who i was completely
43. last two mondays so it ' s ten o ' clock but yeah erm and i said to him to him and he he said to me he said i ' d quite like to give you the truth on that so i thought yeah okay i ' ll just sit in the back of the car then you know? yeah erm but erm it ' s that i ' ve always been like this i
44. she made death death i would never look at a guy ' s crotch never no i ' ve never heard of that one i think it ' s all just wishful thinking yep that ' s the truth of the matter pancakes pancakes although i was thinking today after the whole doctor copping looks at you mm i mean i i was got a i had got my arse out really so mm poor poor b
48. is wrong because because cos men for a thousand years were doing wrong stuff just steps over yeah right but they ' re just people just assume all feminists are like that it ' s not the truth like i don ' t i i don ' t i don ' t when people say that about feminists i it ' s that ' s not true it ' s a bit strange yeah i know i
49. gold star where do you think my knife is? hm? this? nope you get nothing and a poke with a big stick ow why is my life so hard? i don ' t know in truth uh do you think i need to put all that chilli in? i ' m just gonna do it do it do you want some? huh yes i would love some yeah that ' s always the
50. ' s attractive when they ' re squinting look at me as if it ' s gonna make it be any clearer see this however is a cute face so you never know mm mm you never know the truth tut no but it ' s worth speaking to him if you already have chatted quite a lot it ' s worth er meeting him how long is he back for? well ages now months and months
55. wanna die i don ' t think they ' d make you do it mm i hope i fucking hope not look at all those flame throwers and mines and i hope this is so far from the truth i mean would they not tell you? i mean that ' s what you need to ask really that ' s quite crucial information yeah i think i need to ask this that makes me feel like i can
57. impatient cos i really get there hmm quite quickly hmm really that ' s true that ' s not a lie i ' m giving hmm and it ' s not it ' s not really a whole truth because oh w well yeah i mean sometimes things seem much m more clear than others don ' t they? you know like hmm it ' s easy to see it sometimes but not always so but you know
58. m very grateful that i ' m not doing that job any more yeah good i mean i i think she says she ' s enjoying it i don ' t know whether she ' d tell me the truth really because we don ' t really know each other that well mm we all worked in has she settled in quite well has she? she has and she and get on well so that ' s good yeah
60. that point but i think ' s pointed out as well i don ' t get stressed about things i can ' t change yeah she said that to me as well cos i said which is the truth because yeah we travel or like for example i i think we said to each other the other day yeah you know we did well not to get annoyed about moving in and there ' s a massive nursery behind
61. that ' s what i ' d do mm mm yes well i i know how to say and but i i just can ' t get in a a no well no well it ' s actually the truth if it ' s a night flight you get almost straight into the night and yeah yeah mm and and if you i want to go to the loo you have to step over somebody else ' s you
62. and er ' s saying well don ' t forget you ' re older and all this kind of stuff well well you just put other thother things in place to make it easier for you the the truth of the matter is is that er when if you if you give er if you give birth you are probably a little bit fucked for about six months yes erm and you probably aren ' t right for
73. gossiping to me about book club? and the stupid fucking english bitches in book club because you ' re too lazy to go out and make french friends yeah no offence but it ' s the truth she ' s lived there for 10 years and she shshe still doesn ' t speak french when i was actually telling her about or whatever offending me calling me a french slut the first time
74. can ' t have a relationship with anyone like that i know you say you don ' t want people to you know be a complete pushover with you and you don ' t respect them but the truth is they do have to be a pushover for you they have to do everything your way you ' re probably right what kind of relationship that will you be happy really? so in that case will you
75. ? go on which is which is that that when i erm when i erm first told you how incredibly unhappy i am at mm the reaction i was expecting this is this is this is the truth the reaction i was expecting was oh you know sorry to hear that you know i ' m i ' m really sorry to hear that you you ' re unhappy at you know what ' s wrong what '
76. morning for about a month he had blueberries on his porridge cos he found out that blueberries are supposed to prevent you getting cancer whether i don ' t know if there ' s any truth in it but fine and then he found out that yeah but the thing is you ' ve got to have been eating it your whole life exactly it ' s too late just to have it for a few
77. well altogether i counted there were seventeen went into that house and what are they doing? a muggy little house like that yeah i don ' t know if they all fitted in to tell you the truth yeah and i watched them for ages and ages cos said what was you doing? i said i ' ve missed everything coming fucking down here yesterday afternoon well they were there until about half past four five
79. beautiful girls lol my dissertation supervisor was like you should look into post - internet yeah you know like tbt you should look it to post - internet no and that ' s not him thank god truth be told oh my god i forgot to tell my supervisor about how dumb that teacher is ah that ' s so embarrassing so funny lol right i ' m going to get going to get going i want
80. of date? never erm i can ' t even tell these go out of date two thousand nineteen we ' ve got a bit of time probably the quickest no that ' s when the incredible truth comes out even not oh my god i think it ' s gotta have a date next november so cool yeah yeah i keep thinking it ' s sixteen now for some reason no oh well i like it when
81. come up with the standard stock answer we don ' t mind as long as it ' s healthy as long as the baby is healthy which is a true statement but it ' s not the the full truth he would have been secretly thinking and hoping boy it ' s a boy and she was wanting a girl one of them was going to be disappointed unless it was twins and was going be one of each yeah
88. be fair hang on maybe it ' s erm if you you when you travel far away mm? if you if you if you try really hard then someone who tell then someone might tell you your truth yeah i mean it but it ' s a it ' s a really cool legend yeah it ' s n it ' s got an actual specific real village named in it yeah it ' s not that it
90. paraffin yeah you ' ve got this sort of i remember the first night we we we went we arrived in in in and we stayed overnight at this well we slept in the car actually if the truth be known because we weren ' t sure where we were it was was that before or after you ' d been drinking? that was before believe it or not and then we ' d looked in the er
93. well actually is french she she got a degree in french but she said she she claims er i keep on saying she claims because at the time i was never sure that if she was actually saying the truth or saying something but she claimed she couldn ' t bear to see school children wrecking the french language so well it ccould ' ve been better oh dear yeah anyway she she ' d always er
97. it ' s the genes but i mean everybody ' s got the same blood no it think scottish blood comes out of tartan that ' s what granny told me your granny? yeah she tells the truth yeah your granny was erm a a bit weird erm a bit she was yeah she no i know she was a bit you mean my mum or or or your mum? no no no no no
107. become retards again now okay shall i just do it plain this time? oh whatever way you want whatever way you think will make them i can do my acting think you ' re telling the truth or not depending on okay er a variety of cabbage used mainly to grow in the fields to feed pigs so you will not find it in tesco ' s okay erm it ' s wri it
110. knows? yeah i might still die at thirty - four i thought i was going waiting for twenty twenty oh god just remember mum if i die i ' ve died happy yeah exactly is that not the truth? yeah well i just don ' t like to think about no where is? he ' s there oh he ' s on the swing shall i get him in it? if you want to yeah no
112. ##ged out on one of mine when she clearly knew not to erm oh really? i didn ' t yes oh have you had two today? no i had one ah hang on tell me the truth this is coming from the girl who can ' t help but ask for another one you also had one yesterday can i have two? did you sneak another one? cos you ' ve got one?
113. ve liked her for a long time but yeah she ' s think it ' s gonna yeah i ' m not a massive gig person i don ' t no i can ' t actually tell you the truth the last gig i went i don ' t think i ' ve ever actually been to a gig i the first one i ever went to was beyonce see i wouldn ' t count that as a gig i
114. kidney stones that ' s the truth after the christmas party yeah a private shindig yeah that ' s why i ' ve been having hot water and lemon every morning before work cos it ' s supposed to flush out your kidneys
115. door a yeah and then does it get opened? someone else opens say door door b and there ' s a goat behind it okay should you switch? so to door c and i know that the truth is you should yes so when i ' ve made my first decision there was a one in three yeah chance yes so what you ' re gonna effectively do now is choose both the other doors and take whichever
116. i know but er yeah just doesn ' t he doesn ' t compete he ' s not no positive he doesn ' t want to beat other people no well there are some unpaid debts though really the truth be known but no erm ' s into these erm octonaut things oh yeah seen them and there ' s always like a trillion bizbillion things to collect there ' s something that
118. no it ' s all been a terrible dream it ' s not true why would i go back to live in? don ' t know actually i probably couldn ' t afford to live in if the truth be known you probably couldn ' t no can you pass that glass? if the truth be known are you driving home or are you staying? no i ' m driving home i shouldn ' t drink any
119. go back to live in? don ' t know actually i probably couldn ' t afford to live in if the truth be known you probably couldn ' t no can you pass that glass? if the truth be known are you driving home or are you staying? no i ' m driving home i shouldn ' t drink any more should i? are you? well i ' ve got to go home haven '
124. they don ' t realise that they can cause injury yeah because on all the films and that is that is films yeah oh totally yeah yeah because it ' s it ' s they per perceive it as truth mm because it ' s in so many films mm it ' s like cluck him over the head yeah he gets back up and they fight some more although although you could say did tom and jerry not
125. prices of the things in the shop if you worked there i don ' t think they had barcode scanners back in the day but that might just be another fable like my lloyd grossman er truth so um but yeah that he ' s he ' s got deadly er well i have here the ability to er oh well then check it then to verify that um i bet he did cos honestly i
126. kind of you as soon as soon as everyone finds that out yeah yeah everyone ' s quite yeah and i as soon as i found out you need forty yeah or a or a forty - one the truth though yeah yeah it looks bad on your transcripts cos if you if you want a they take into account the first few mm yeah grades and also for us like oh that ' s true yeah abroad
127. when an eyebrow eyebrow floated up to the surface oh ah pig face soup yeah did they have eyebrows? what was that? it was an eyebrow yeah it was an eyebrow floated up to tell you the truth though i can handle meat what? i ' m not very good with shellfish i don ' t know about you guys yeah we were having this conversation with yeah i ' m not a very fishy
128. said that the oh because of this yeah yeah yeah so we ' ve received quite a few dodgy letters from them and it ' s a bit of a pain in the ass to tell you the truth every month logging into this website just to pay them ten pounds or something fifteen quid cos in england it just comes automatically and it ' s not the same really yeah they take it from your wages
129. mm dialogue and i need good fucking dialogue so mm when i watch all th a lot of modern movies if it ' s mostly action i ' m not gonna enjoy it mm it ' s the plain truth i don ' t like it yeah no i think that ' s the odd thing that we ' ll like it for what it is i need good dialogue or if we ' re on the right mood we
130. and it ' s a shame that fat is synonymous with being fat because you ' re like well if i ' m eating fat then it ' s gonna make me fat but that ' s not the truth mm and it ' s what you ' re saying is no like depends how many calories you ' re eating now fat is highly calorific so you ' re getting a lot of energy for
131. so pissed off for trying it i thought it would do nothing at all yes i would like to as soon as i sort myself out a bit if that ' s okay all of the above is the truth this kid is fucked in the head genuinely genuinely fucked in the head so he ' s gone next door had a bit of pot it ' s affected him really badly so he ' s gone home been sick
132. mean that that is a very very far - fetched story like if you were gonna make up a lie you ' d go with something more plausible than that no no i think that ' s the truth mm that ' s er that ' s that ' s clearly what ' s happened he doesn ' t lie he doesn ' t understand the purpose of lying that ' s why i think he ' s au
134. ' t fight it mm oh yeah d there ' s no reduction for the men ' s charge it just means that the women ' s goes up we don ' t know if that ' s the truth to match the men ' s we do well we ' ll see but no t there ' s no way of telling and i you have to shop around as well for insurance mm you have to get you
136. just had a cough they were they were long well they were long lasting yeah they were long lasting yeah mm mm but we haven ' t had colds for yonks and that ' s the truth i i think two thousand the year two thousand was the last time we were both very ill together weren ' t it the millennium mm we were going to sit up and watch the millennium and i had to
173. i can ' t fucking type does anybody know? jesus christ there we go woah that was stressful very stressful let ' s do the guardian cos i quite like the guardian and the truth about isis is much worse this is a very negative article oh they just look scary they really do like how many people are part of isis? it ' s like all over again that sort of image there
176. t yeah the same are you alright though? bless you i hate seeing you if you ' re not alright then babe these paracetamols are so strong like they will knock anything out erm truth cos i ' m not wearing a bra to do that same here that ' s hilarious dare alright if you insist good you forced me to say that so mm you have to lick ' s nose properly
196. i think that oh this is funny advice personal communications suggest that a high mean level of iq is due to the author only attending the houses of the best cooks best cooks yes whilst there may be some truth in this the couple of pedigrees included showing both high and low levels of test intelligence indicating the possible local lack of dominant mediocre genes crikey but we i think we come out
197. and i i asked someone who what ' s happened to the family? erm and er it ' s it it er we you can ' t always you always don ' t know what the full truth is mm but what they say is that most of the f yeah most of the family or all the family still exist in some shape or form but mo a lot of them have become artists oh right and
199. all the time although i don ' t know how much will come back erm i mean the problem with me is i don ' t actually rent my room all year round i know well look the truth is that i am probably going to go and live in france next year and that is that is the plan from the autumn i ha what about your job? and i ' ll give my job up i
200. - levels and er oh coaching and yes tutoring yeah things? um er yes i ' ve heard a few neighbours um uh - huh are on the lookout for tutoring but to tell you the truth i ' ve been teaching for fourteen years and do we really want to? the course was so um it was four and a half months of of non - stop and i mean i didn ' t stop
209. seen them haven ' t we? dad mm and they sit down near the end car park near they sit down and they erm have like a barbecue and stuff like that he ' s telling the truth what every easter you ' ve got a correlational study to sshow you this? no cos i ' m not that sad but it ' s true anyway so any ideas would be gratefully received
210. to make sure we were going that way the way she said you got to go that way and you said just got to go to the toilet in marylebone so i think it ' s not a complete truth that no one talks to each other on public transport not a complete truth i i just used to think it was a norm it can be annoying oh very annoying i seem to remember it was the norm when
211. to go that way and you said just got to go to the toilet in marylebone so i think it ' s not a complete truth that no one talks to each other on public transport not a complete truth i i just used to think it was a norm it can be annoying oh very annoying i seem to remember it was the norm when i was growing up there was someone that was telling me that were annoying
214. is yeah but you ' re putting at the end of the day you have to keep this body and this mind for the rest of your life like it ' s delusion it ' s just not truth food is different obviously you shouldn ' t be like a chocolate biscuit head yeah but and like i know tea is like not like extremely pure but but the thing is i don ' t it ' s
215. about the human geography too mm suppose in terms of the well the trouble is is that we just come along and just sort of s wipe it all out anyway so well that ' s true the sad truth is is that in a lot of africa at the moment there ' s erm wildlife still in existence but it ' s within these controlled hunting pens for want of a better word mm they ' re called
219. i ' m sure we did i ' m sure he said it at the end it came in at the end didn ' t it? yeah but they were just like oh well might not be the truth oh yeah didn ' t he didn ' t he do er loads of different ones? yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah quite like that though georgie it ' s time to chain react but like some of them just
220. hundred out of a thousand hours three million out of ten million words transcribed which is what they ' re going for wow so it ' s like english as she is spoken today? yeah this is the truth well especially looking at the well no they ' re not
221. ' d say it ' s perfectly fine but yeah it ' s i ' d understand why people would want to live there but i ' d be like no you need to like kind of face the truth cos yeah this this isn ' t ideal yeah i mean it ' s ideal for you like personally but yeah as a race do you not think we have a responsibility to not just lock ourselves into a
223. - built in humans but you can ' t do it in this language this guy ' s saying and they all hate him for it uhu oh right but it ' s like is he telling the truth because there are only three people that can speak this language can speak it so you know yeah let ' s the other two people on board too yeah but but now they ' re all being modernised and
225. and erm oh no they ' d they ' d either been telling people how to vote or they ' d just not been putting the er papers in the ballot box oh no and the the the truth of it was that the electoral that the ballot was carried out by the i think it ' s called the electoral reform society it is yeah that ' s our and they had been so slovenly er
226. know i think so i haven ' t actually spoken to him so i ' m just going to say actually i ' m just taking the morning off actually i ' m not going to tell him the truth about the whole skiing thing actually i ' m just taking the morning off to rest i have skied plenty and i ' m a legend shall i put that? that ' s because i was crying earlier
228. get into the position of that argument if i just go yeah i ' m not feeling too good either it ' s just simpler to do that because well can ' t you talk honestly? well the truth is i hate work and er i loathe work by myself anyway really? working on my own i find quite lonely sometimes yeah? unless there is a a financial erm drive if there ' s
229. toilet dirty stained bed sheets oh oh horrible oh he ' d be really at least knew what they were going into yeah cos well obviously he hadn ' t probably he didn ' t tell the whole truth of it maybe but then other people say amazing cheap clean and comfortable which is what what you ' re you know well what you sign up for yeah i don ' t think had any idea what it was

