Cluster 1
5. best person to talk to about the physical aspects of it because that ' s his specialism yeah mm ah yeah a very specialist job he will he will show you the bits of leather yeah and the knowledge mm maybe what maybe what we should do is advertise erm your erm your needs to have different people talking within some of our churches that we ' re in contact with actually that w that
9. leave my bag in quite a m like a messy way especially since seeing erm how you do not wanna make your bed again i thought oh gosh oh yeah cos buzzfeed is the knowledge for knowledge yeah oh i ' m s i ' m reading buzzfeed articles i read so many buzzfeed articles that was pretty much my life reading on the way but i do that as well
10. bag in quite a m like a messy way especially since seeing erm how you do not wanna make your bed again i thought oh gosh oh yeah cos buzzfeed is the knowledge for knowledge yeah oh i ' m s i ' m reading buzzfeed articles i read so many buzzfeed articles that was pretty much my life reading on the way but i do that as well like er
12. can can breed laziness because it ' s you think oh i can look that up i can look that up and people never do no it ' s er you know the difference between information and knowledge isn ' t it? yeah i mean knowledge and understanding and understanding er cos i remember when i was young and i was you know the only person ever to go into higher education in the entire family
13. s you think oh i can look that up i can look that up and people never do no it ' s er you know the difference between information and knowledge isn ' t it? yeah i mean knowledge and understanding and understanding er cos i remember when i was young and i was you know the only person ever to go into higher education in the entire family that was a kind of moment of family re
14. and glory soap and glory that i knew about for example yeah uh so but but you don ' t you use wikipedia for for finding methods you use it for um yeah just general like broad sort of knowledge but it is pr it is really good in its breadth but yeah but l but yeah i suppose it ' s more like scientific maybe like you could find uh you could find most chemicals i imagine almost like
15. i mean you ' ll always get that to some extent but it just surprised me as to how all pervasive it was that they didn ' t value learning well the they didn ' t value knowledge no they didn ' t to them they can get they don ' t need to store knowledge they can just go onto google and get knowledge and dispose of it and not have to process it i interviewed um
16. how all pervasive it was that they didn ' t value learning well the they didn ' t value knowledge no they didn ' t to them they can get they don ' t need to store knowledge they can just go onto google and get knowledge and dispose of it and not have to process it i interviewed um an eighteen year - old a couple of years ago now she ' s probably twenty - one
17. didn ' t value learning well the they didn ' t value knowledge no they didn ' t to them they can get they don ' t need to store knowledge they can just go onto google and get knowledge and dispose of it and not have to process it i interviewed um an eighteen year - old a couple of years ago now she ' s probably twenty - one twenty - two now or something i don '
18. knowing that it ' s been edited by people like marina? oh yeah well this girl actually did say made the point that her she does most you know she goes on wikipedia and she gets all her knowledge there mm anyway and i tried to explain to her again exactly what you just said mm it ' s incredible so you know but she that was her that was how she ' s been brought up mm co
19. amount of administration that comes with it and then on my side you know all the books and the website and texts and videos and erm all kind of variety of erm of presenting information really and knowledge and so it ' s a huge thing and a lot of people are involved you know so it ' s just like ta you know as anything does you know it kind of grows organically if people are
20. along? who ' s what? but like does do bears communicate with each other and tell them like it ' s coming up like does mamma bear tell the baby bear like to pass on the knowledge like in the same way that they teach no cos that ' s now that ' s them to do everything? yeah but no but time is an abstract and the future is an abstract concept or it
22. before you actually get to the core of it good luck yeah i know the problem i was thinking as well how do i apply this in the classroom? you know yeah how am i gonna use this knowledge? yes plenty with those who who there w who are willing subjects to learn rath you ' d wanna be teaching people who want to be there not people who have been forced to be there no yeah
24. that? you didn ' t enjoy the penis? but you ' re smarter for having watched it i don ' t believe that you did not enjoy the penis being cut in two think of all the knowledge that you gained you didn ' t think it ' d been cut in two? i don ' t believe that one day your friends might bring up something about penises and you ' ll actually have material
28. cos it expands your experience of the world yeah almost entirely that ' s what sundays when i see that has read this many books and you don ' t necessarily have to read books to gain that knowledge but the way that he ' s reading them and then he talks about it ' s like he is gaining knowledge through the yeah he is he could gain knowledge in other ways yeah but like that is like
29. read this many books and you don ' t necessarily have to read books to gain that knowledge but the way that he ' s reading them and then he talks about it ' s like he is gaining knowledge through the yeah he is he could gain knowledge in other ways yeah but like that is like very clear like he ' s usually reading to and his palette his repertoire to explore the world now is like really
30. necessarily have to read books to gain that knowledge but the way that he ' s reading them and then he talks about it ' s like he is gaining knowledge through the yeah he is he could gain knowledge in other ways yeah but like that is like very clear like he ' s usually reading to and his palette his repertoire to explore the world now is like really wide and that ' s what happened with you
36. i don ' t wanna i ' m not scared of hard work but i know i find yeah it ' s hard sometimes but then if you imagine that all the the black cab drivers who do the knowledge and then that ' s yeah their life and they spend years and years well in order to get that well it ' s what they do going to london you ' ve gotta learn thirty - six something thousand
37. the regional government oh yeah? yeah and he said oh i ' ve got this um conference everyone ' s coming here from all the different countries in the world to er it ' s like to swap knowledge and to yeah er their transport systems swap best practice yeah and he said i ' ve got people coming from africa they speak french and i ' ve got people coming senegalese probably yeah from f er germany
42. i like about the interview technique is that it puts people normally if you ' re really good at it it puts people on an equal level of contribution mm and erm what you ' d call collaboration knowledge co - construction of knowledge right? yeah so yes i do want students to deliver me messages more importantly i want them to come to that site and s and and basically put in er you know an email
43. technique is that it puts people normally if you ' re really good at it it puts people on an equal level of contribution mm and erm what you ' d call collaboration knowledge co - construction of knowledge right? yeah so yes i do want students to deliver me messages more importantly i want them to come to that site and s and and basically put in er you know an email request for me to interview
46. was on the one in the one few minutes before being treated as a foreigner yeah as a tourist a for as as a tourist yeah erm but a tourist with well how how did you acquire this knowledge? mm type of thing mm and ah yeah yeah yeah you might be tourist but you ' re connected to the island through mm this pathway mm er so oh god yeah so there was that and there were
48. ' re doing with it really it ' s just it is it ' s still idle wanderings kind of like an open door to all kind of interesting trivia interesting things that may be social or knowledge or whatever mm it ' s important not to lose the ability to engage with your environment i was talking to erm ' s brother - in - law about it his sister is quite strict with all of
53. s top dollar money yeah? content is not top dollar yeah? because the content is a product it ' s an output so er it has a finite lifetime yeah yeah so you ' re saying selling knowledge? no cos knowledge and know - how are not the same thing know - how in business is a very specific term yeah so you ' re you you you ' re demonstrating a mechanism by er er
54. ? content is not top dollar yeah? because the content is a product it ' s an output so er it has a finite lifetime yeah yeah so you ' re saying selling knowledge? no cos knowledge and know - how are not the same thing know - how in business is a very specific term yeah so you ' re you you you ' re demonstrating a mechanism by er er erm er somesome
57. he also ha like one of the phrases that came up yesterday in the linguistics conference and it comes up a few times is this distinction between knowing that and knowing how like it ' s different types of knowledge so you often get the people with the big mouths who can shout it all around because they know that x y z but then there ' s knowing how there ' s about the process and the approach that
59. ' m say in delhi and there ' s a quarantine thing and it ' s hit the quarantine stays right right what if you ' re connected to it? and i can share knowledge with rachel who ' s not here and you ' ve start with mm s but that ' s no good cos he ' s yeah you ' ve left the city yeah okay so i ' ve got
65. know anything well the midwife told you must have been yeah yeah must have been well you ' ll get that advice again when you ' re in hospital just ask them mm and the font of all knowledge will find out all the information you need to know won ' t you? yeah i can look it up cos i don ' t know anything but those chairs something mattress erm oh are you not
66. ? that ' s what all children are yeah but that foolishness and ignorance is bliss i ' d rather know most people would like to go back to that i ' d rather know and keep my knowledge and keep my knowledge and everything than and be miserable in my knowledge well what ' s that to do with wearing a pretty dress? no because you were saying why don ' t you go back to being
67. what all children are yeah but that foolishness and ignorance is bliss i ' d rather know most people would like to go back to that i ' d rather know and keep my knowledge and keep my knowledge and everything than and be miserable in my knowledge well what ' s that to do with wearing a pretty dress? no because you were saying why don ' t you go back to being like that? as
68. and ignorance is bliss i ' d rather know most people would like to go back to that i ' d rather know and keep my knowledge and keep my knowledge and everything than and be miserable in my knowledge well what ' s that to do with wearing a pretty dress? no because you were saying why don ' t you go back to being like that? as a young person but i like age i think
69. s the same idea so in baking you ' ve gotta fold it in apparently well but fine this is another prime example of the bakers not telling us what to do properly bakers assuming too much knowledge assu don ' t assume assume ignorance please um so yes um re the situ er god it was all a bit weird i mean he was really emotional about the whole thing and he was you know er
72. know with the when jamie oliver had his you know he ' s got his gardener i ' m sure he ' s got all his everything has been planned out so i assume there ' s loads of knowledge that that you can get about it uh yes mm monty don as well you can get lots of ideas but it ' s a question of you have to learn a lot yeah you have to learn a lot
75. the trend it might change all soon but everybody talks about building skills capability in others mm it ' s this idea at the mat the moment that ' s all about sharing that kind of you know sharing knowledge and teaching people yeah it ' s a big trend i guess in the world going on about that and online and so everybody ' s growing up yeah yeah so i think if you can prove that yeah i
77. ? how many people? you ' re just like i ' m gonna give i ' m gonna be generous but you ' ll notice how many of them even if they wanted to be generous with their knowledge they can ' t really blocked but do you think? it ' s like kind of a big poo but they can ' t but do you do do you think like it ' s largely the the
81. oh yeah you know coach or to do this or that so he ' s gotta do you know sounds mm amazing he said i ' ve gotta do science mm because they have to learn that you know knowledge about sport yeah yeah all about the body and the food and the yeah that ' s right yeah unbelievable innit? that ' s that ' s right you never think of it like that no cos
82. ##loke he used to come and visit us when we were ill and all but then it was only a little village then wasn ' t it yeah now look at it it ' s a suburb of knowledge mm no - one wants to live in now is alright well you don ' t but i mean people do live there and they ' re thankful for a home come on yes i know well someone have got
88. a chess table oh all the little squares and things so we pull that out and played on it who made it?? no ' s dad oh his dad ah that ' s where gets all his knowledge from it ' s very good innit? to tap into that knowledge a bit oh well though you said yeah i was gonna say you were like you said he doesn ' t come or didn ' t
89. out and played on it who made it?? no ' s dad oh his dad ah that ' s where gets all his knowledge from it ' s very good innit? to tap into that knowledge a bit oh well though you said yeah i was gonna say you were like you said he doesn ' t come or didn ' t share that knowledge particularly oh did he not? no so it ' s
91. made the slabs and how to do this drainage or something so have you showed him castling? well done work for you nice that was good well done well done yeah so that would be some more knowledge that he ' ll have yeah next summer yeah making something else hope so i mean the band ' s he ' s putting the band how many times have you beaten your dad then? yeah said new year
94. he talks about sort of loving the city but he uses eroeros as in you ' re meant to love it ' s er it ' s er like er plato says you you need to love knowledge and you have to have eros for it it ' s all sort of erotic like i think eroticism is r at sort of er the cthe core of a lot of er sort of deeper things
100. actually might be on a weekend can ' t remember i ' ll find out for you yes please erm now regardless of whether it ' s india or anything those kind of things flash out useful business knowledge sure i thought we were trying to talk about real reality though of where you might be heading to erm yes that ' s right so i i wanted to write those down in the bigger picture sense oh
103. ' ve been here before and it ' s just it ' s this sort of knowledge somehow that he ' s that he looks at you you know he ' s got something up there there ' s knowledge yeah erm mommy yeah yeah he is quite sort of mm he ' s like he knows how he ' s quite humorous oh he ' s very humorous so you ' ve got to have quite a but
108. ? erm i ' m not sure that ' s the only one i know i don ' t know when the others start and end well what possible use are you then? hmm mm my useless knowledge does not extend that far sorry? my useless knowledge doesn ' t extend that far no it ' s possible well i ' d say that was actually useful knowledge mm doesn ' t really mea much make
110. are you then? hmm mm my useless knowledge does not extend that far sorry? my useless knowledge doesn ' t extend that far no it ' s possible well i ' d say that was actually useful knowledge mm doesn ' t really mea much make much difference what day they say spring starts on though hmm depends who you are it certainly makes a difference to some people hmm but i mean the world will continue
113. war or something i think it has to doesn ' t it? very clever do you reckon you could write something like that? no chance no? no well you haven ' t got you need insider knowledge a little bit don ' t you? that ' s what i said yeah yeah but but i think maybe not actually being part of it or maybe people got kind of disillusioned with it and
115. i ever saw that it ' s just that each week you ' d forget what it is what it is i ' d remember cos i ' m a twelve year old sponge mm both in of knowledge and your like supplies in the house yes ah happy times mm yeah i used to love all that seventies theme tunes black beauty that ' s the easy one yeah black beauty is easy is the one goes yeah
122. in at that time the only way that you could get education was by yeah through the clergy yeah yeah was through the clergy and they w yeah it ' s the dark ages they had a monopoly on knowledge yeah yeah yeah yeah and they were called what were they? what? i think they were called like the the goriards? no no no idea does that? does that ring a bell? no
123. one of your perks you don ' t have to me and dad me and dad ' s got the co - worker and what ' s his name? professor fate so you you may may share knowledge with a co - worker as long as one of you is in the city of the card that has been passed so if i ' m in sao paulo i can give him sao paulo so you don '
124. ve given him two? i gave him one in sao paulo can you ma cos my co - worker can you only do that once a go or not? no it just says you may share knowledge with a co - worker see the first one you did one two three four cool and does can you and then in kinshasa build as an action? yeah but i haven ' t got any actions
126. since jesus read about her story here she ' s got really bushy eyebrows did you know that johansson is the most popular name in sweden? what? surname in sweden what? johansson? yeah er knowledge ' s put on her tumblr any good books to read? and i ' m putting i like the bible by god it ' s an exciting read i love the twist at the end oh god
127. really and then i ' m gonna take some stuff home though so it ' s gonna be bloody annoying oh yeah then that week seventeenth i ' m in oh please will you er sponge up all the knowledge so that you can report back to me when you get home? and do me my own mini tour i ' ll try can ' t spare twelve pounds? i i genuinely can ' t because it '
134. ##ity - toity er hoity - toity i ' m not sure about that no that ' s cheating erm stop throwing the dice around please er we haven ' t talked about theory of knowledge that was right for weeks he ' s not very good at it what how are we doing in theory of knowledge? what do we fine now know? theorising nothing knowledge? mm well what have
135. erm stop throwing the dice around please er we haven ' t talked about theory of knowledge that was right for weeks he ' s not very good at it what how are we doing in theory of knowledge? what do we fine now know? theorising nothing knowledge? mm well what have you done? so you ' ve been doing it for half a term now like what yeah on earth have you
136. talked about theory of knowledge that was right for weeks he ' s not very good at it what how are we doing in theory of knowledge? what do we fine now know? theorising nothing knowledge? mm well what have you done? so you ' ve been doing it for half a term now like what yeah on earth have you done? well bugger all mm not very much really well what
142. other no we just walked around a corner oh on the wibbly wobbly road or whatever you call it this is the road to mm are you taking the piss out of me? and my road knowledge? no it ' s just you women and directions quite amusing mm right have you got no comment for that? no i have no comment about that really i huh see look at the size of these power
143. it ' s very interesting but and the mad thing is that there are loads and loads and loads of stars still to be it ' s not as if we know about everything yeah cos the more knowledge that ' s piled on you think well they can ' t get they must come to an end of it you know at some point well i think i ' ve heard some people saying that that actually that
145. however th you ' re talking about the brightest people in the world being hidden and locked in a corner or a cupboard for the benefit of something and they ' re not sharing any of their bright intelligent knowledge with anybody else mm and that has got to be a waste that ' s er such a waste yeah there ' s a lot of wastage yeah in intellectual thought and if if if you consider er a
146. because there ' s somebody who ' s showing you the way mm so if you can create something that exists on a bit by bit basis which is erm using that ladder within the university to share knowledge from top to bottom i didn ' t last year and this is what it was like these are the things you could learn you know without it being a a a a mechanism to plagiarise stuff
147. being a a a a mechanism to plagiarise stuff or whatever mm yeah but it is about that of community people learning life skills which is learning and being a continuous learner and sharing their knowledge with others sharing is the important thing yeah yeah and i actually you know what there ' s so many mentor programmes at universities around the world they become diluted they ' re very diluted and they '
152. we love most people love humans right? we love meeting people we love you know some of the greatest things in life are some of the people that you ' ve met and that have imparted knowledge to you yet i look around at people and think how many people have you actually met in the last? and i say i ' m s you do fall into this category and i ' m not saying
155. do if there ' s one older than another one they do yeah from a really small size just literally care for each other mm they show them what they ' ve learnt yeah and they pass on the knowledge it ' s such a very strange concept being a child it ' s really weird you know what i mean? really strange you are literally in your own bubble you are and the adults are very much the
157. buy the bike no what a lot of effort to go to yeah i bet i bet they went and bought a new bike why even bother? it ' s a fifty thousand one second hand bike on knowledge that was a bit of a narrative if you ask me i ' m sure he spent a little bit just on the bus fare or the taxi fare or whatever yeah i know or did he walk actually?
160. yeah well probably but the books is it? it ' s possibly where he was born birth places get obviously james herriot audience it might be probably yeah it isn ' t right a useful piece of knowledge about that then the priority of roundabout yeah definitely are we in the high street? scarborough a170 right so left here? get to the left here yep great and we ' re now on that road heading
162. hoyle came in and started that ' s right yeah working out all these in like in the sort of seventies and stuff sixties seventies yeah and then people since then you know like i mean the the knowledge curve has sort of gone well it has hasn ' t it? yeah you know like gradual and then suddenly shot up like yeah with these new of course with the space telescopes and things they ' re fantastic
166. cousin to me i ' ll tell you now right can i take that from you? yes and i ' ll i ' ll because i my i ' ve not because i ' ve got so much knowledge there i can ' t reremember it yes yes and to say it easily right so our grandfather is called and his father was called right and married i think this might not be absolutely correct now
167. i ju i love the social history yeah it is great isn ' t it? and reading all those sort of thing it ' s er oh wow it ' s quite it ' s a gulf of knowledge that you have that ' s very impressive and there ' s but there ' s one in one of them i ' ve written it down and it ' s not to do with our family but it is
170. m doing elizabeth the first dates james the sixth of scotland wasn ' t he? james the first of england was sixteen 0 four i think it ' s no good asking me wikipedia that ' s good knowledge i ' ve got not a clue on one date of any monarch so she was the seventh of september fifteen thirty - three to the twenty - fourth of march sixteen 0 three yes that was sixteen so it
173. oh okay er and then just yeah sort of give them some advice uh - huh and er really the legal adviser ' s the person that runs the court right yeah sh he or she obviously has the knowledge and mhm and advises them but you know fair play to them they come in and yeah they give their own time definitely um how how often do they usually come in? well i ' m not sure
174. i mean there ' s no car chases or helicopters or snipers or yeah whatever yeah it ' s all done with stationary cctv cameras around london okay alright yeah i get you yeah er and local knowledge of the local plod yeah and they manage to bag these two guys uhu at the end there ' s a bit of excitement with the heroine uhu erm who dresses up as a prostitute to
177. work or whatever mm mm well that ' s a nice yeah so you know stuff like that you well i ' m not saying you ' d never know about it but you know it ' s local knowledge really mm yeah mm and it ' s finished now so more people know about it no i just won i wondered cos cos as really enthusiastic about new york sort of going and he thought it was
178. s well boring there ' s er a really good game i refuse to play it called armchair cricket it ' s like a cricket game with like cards oh cards yeah yeah yeah sort of based on like knowledge of no it ' s like you h you would like have cards and you ' d have like batsman cards and bowler cards and oh yeah yeah yeah i know the one you ' d have a proper score
179. blah blah blah you know like they are erm until this really pompous guy asked the most stupidest question which was really long - winded and clearly designed to test this guy ' s knowledge and trip him up so he said well you said this but obviously according to so and so ' s research from 1985 blah blah blah oh it was awful and the guy the guy that was doing the pl
181. you do yeah? you can train those fibres to be fast or slow - twitches why have i never heard of this? i ' m quite surprised cos you are the font of all knowledge i ' ve never heard of s that are you gonna dispute it? no i ' ve never heard of it so what did he say about? he didn ' t say he said was good at running
184. colleges are not universities in the sense that we understood university mm mm universities in my day were for highly motivated academic people mm that had shown they had a a lust for learning yes and a lust for knowledge a lust that ' s a lovely way to explain it yeah lust for learning that ' s a yeah isn ' t it? yeah it is yeah yeah and and they they it ' s a means to
186. at maths you have to be quite creative yeah and i think it ' s being creative but not er yeah but einstein was scientific and he was like imagination is more erm what is it? knowledge er i i used to know this quote something about knowledge but then it ' s got imagination encircles the world so i don ' t know what the knowledge bit was i think it ' s
187. i think it ' s being creative but not er yeah but einstein was scientific and he was like imagination is more erm what is it? knowledge er i i used to know this quote something about knowledge but then it ' s got imagination encircles the world so i don ' t know what the knowledge bit was i think it ' s like knowledge is important something along those lines imagination is er
188. erm what is it? knowledge er i i used to know this quote something about knowledge but then it ' s got imagination encircles the world so i don ' t know what the knowledge bit was i think it ' s like knowledge is important something along those lines imagination is erm yeah more so and he ' s like if you want your u children to be intelligent read read them fairy
189. i used to know this quote something about knowledge but then it ' s got imagination encircles the world so i don ' t know what the knowledge bit was i think it ' s like knowledge is important something along those lines imagination is erm yeah more so and he ' s like if you want your u children to be intelligent read read them fairy tales that ' s what he said see all
191. review erm yeah if it ' s in a a highly ranked journal mm otherwise it wouldn ' t be accepted mm so you say this is what ' s gone before uhu therefore the gap in knowledge is here uhu this paper therefore erm addresses that addresses part of that gap yeah by blah blah blah in the right experiment you know yeah and then it goes on to the experiment and the results yeah
192. s so so often i ' ve sort of said things which have turned out to be wrong but with such an air of authority about it that yeah so i ' m even like doubting my own knowledge now knowledge oh dear well er that ' s easily done i mean i ' ve si ' ve said stuff to you that i thought was right and you have corrected me mm you know? and you think
193. so often i ' ve sort of said things which have turned out to be wrong but with such an air of authority about it that yeah so i ' m even like doubting my own knowledge now knowledge oh dear well er that ' s easily done i mean i ' ve si ' ve said stuff to you that i thought was right and you have corrected me mm you know? and you think what?
194. waldo is that the same thing as where ' s wally? mm is it? they call it waldo instead oh that sounds like erm someone who owned what ho where ' s waldo good star wars knowledge here i ' m gonna annoy yer i like these little pixie sockets no money no deal i ' ll just talk to myself shall i you like the little pixie sockets yeah the little baby sockets
195. them though but it ' s lovely nice very traditional spanish mm and did you go to uni while you were there? i did yeah i think that ' s why my spanish is very em passive knowledge i mm i can watch spanish films i can hear people speak and i can understand but trying to put sentences and express myself yeah it ' s difficult isn ' t it? if you don ' t practice
197. complete sense that you ' re the project manager but remember i ' ve also had mana project manager experience through filmmaking et cetera et cetera mm mm so yeah but that ' s about sharing the knowledge and trying to find a common path together it c that that that does say well y when you ' re dealing with this type of project this is how it ' s delivered and as a project manager i
201. t have the generalist then do we? no okay so we ' ve got s researcher scientist medic dispatcher that ' s c strong erm the researcher when doing res er doing the share knowledge action the researcher may give any city card from her hand to and to yeah but not the researcher though i ' ve got the researcher oh have you? it ' s it ' s that one isn '
202. i take mm from? you ' ve got nothing to take dad should have taken one from you dad should have taken a blue off you yeah why? tell me why yeah er a player who shares knowledge with you on their turn can take any one of your city cards okay and so to share knowledge you can either give the card that matches the city you ' re in to another player or take that card
203. dad should have taken a blue off you yeah why? tell me why yeah er a player who shares knowledge with you on their turn can take any one of your city cards okay and so to share knowledge you can either give the card that matches the city you ' re in to another player or take that card yeah unless but because ' s unless i ' m the researcher special skill is ah we don '
204. don ' t need to be in the same city oh okay so that was a mistake and there ' s nothing i can get from i can no or me neither i think i think we can share knowledge it need not match your city but where he shares knowledge with you but yeah but i ' m saying i ' ve got on the i ' ve got red and black and you ' ve got blue and
205. okay so that was a mistake and there ' s nothing i can get from i can no or me neither i think i think we can share knowledge it need not match your city but where he shares knowledge with you but yeah but i ' m saying i ' ve got on the i ' ve got red and black and you ' ve got blue and yellow yeah and i ' ve got a black so so
206. think that i ' m just aaghast now at the the state of well the world so yeah these are new aren ' t they? having labels on them yeah when researcher when doing the share knowledge action the researcher may give any city card from a hand to another player in the same city as her without this card having to match the city doesn ' t say anything about doing it once per action only
207. without this card having to match the city doesn ' t say anything about doing it once per action only ononce per turn oh it says you may give any one of your city cards when you share knowledge so if i share knowledge more than once if i just yeah have four share knowledge actions i think i think it ' s just an action isn ' t it? you can do it yeah yeah yeah okay
216. s called a corporate case study and this is the reason why we can do it is because we ' ve been chipping away at this area where we ' ve learnt about them the students and the knowledge base and pitching it at the right level for the students cos the students will be your customers cos you ' ll sell this into say for example an educational well well well it can be resembling a
220. of work really mm mm because because really you hand in this work you spend a great deal of your time studying but then what have you got to show for it? cos actually the work is knowledge yes but it ' s good to have these points of reference to go back to isn ' t it mm yeah erm and learn from yep definitely or reflect upon maybe so when you get the feedback back

Cluster 2
6. s just a natural i never forget that time do you remember when ' s one of his birthday yeah presents out? and me and were like god you would think he was and that was to my knowledge one of the first times he ' d he ' d he ' d played tennis i know do you remember all them years ago? but no but it yeah he is yeah absolutely a natural without a doubt
8. moved yeah like two across yeah right that is definitely a bit confusing trying to play old chess on yeah new chess are there any other variations of chess that you ' ve come across? not to my knowledge no no just chinese chess and western chess yes okay i had two cannons we got rid of one of your cannons didn ' t we? so yeah that was a positive mm okay i can take him but
21. but they ' re quite similar it is jungle it is jungle it ' s jungle no i almost i still have an intuition my friend that played that oh this one this one is enough in the public knowledge well no it ' s not but how many rows of aliens are there usually at the start of a space invaders game? oh oh it ' s either one or none cos they come down don '
23. things now since we ' ve been learning a little bit about them there ' s a stinging nettle well done there ' s a dandelion well done that ' s about the extent to my knowledge oh i now know what a primrose looks like that ' s hedge and that ' s grass what are you doing? you silly bugger yeah it ' s still a bit chilly can ' t
26. happened in the first place was that they tried to cash a cheque right mm which bounced mm legally they ' re not allowed to reclaim for that cheque because they are aware then they have the knowledge that you don ' t have the funds okay and they did it twice again did they? i think that ' s where oh right all this started spiralling from so i i to be honest i don
32. ' ve won again birdy ' s cola tonic oh you ' re good at this game delicious invigorating and cures despondency he can ' t believe this is all his knowledge this is all er cure what? d b he can ' t believe his knowledge bird ' s cola tonic fantastic right i haven ' t got any yet i had about six on christmas day here ' s
33. this game delicious invigorating and cures despondency he can ' t believe this is all his knowledge this is all er cure what? d b he can ' t believe his knowledge bird ' s cola tonic fantastic right i haven ' t got any yet i had about six on christmas day here ' s another one from my here ' s another one from my childhood okay? the first
35. like on a shelf you know and just left yeah just like gathering dust obviously like me and were like twelve and fifteen you know like just tucked in like merrily to like and like safe in the knowledge that we ' d never ever be found out cos it ' s just like yeah beyond comprehension that he ' d ever look at it doesn ' t have any friends doesn ' t drink that ' s
49. th do you think we ought to turn this off or speak about it later? cos it ' s quite confidential yeah well i ' m i ' m i ' m sure it ' s public knowledge now isn ' t it that they haven ' t got permission oh we were there yeah yeah right yeah but we i asked if it was worth going well i had another meeting anyway so i couldn ' t
51. was about assessment procedures i don ' t like it already assessment procedures ugh sounds terrible no i can ' t remember exactly what the wording was but no when when i didn ' t have any knowledge of that question because i had no previous experience in the field that wasn ' t too much of a faux pas to say i don ' t know but it ' s when they ask you of a i
60. - six football world cup final? i think i know this but oh god erm yeah yeah bakhramov er i say that as if saying will suddenly make me realise but i have no knowledge of this game other than we won and i think who they were playing against east germany erm west germany fuck erm er referee? wrong wrong linesman linesman bugger yeah well hhe he
64. ' s not saying that they benefited because they they they outwardly did it and wanted to benefit yeah they ' re just saying it it was what there there there were events that happened and without their knowledge or desire they benefitted it from it anyway yeah right that doesn ' t that doesn ' t mean that any that racism can ' t happen to these white people though yes there are generations that have benefit
70. person or be close enough to them ever mm for that ever to come up mm and that ' s it it ' s really personal jeebus so um so yeah so obviously you will deny all knowledge oh yeah i haven ' t got a clue yeah but um who? yeah who? i only know mm mm so what are you gonna do about this situ? what i actually thought you were gonna tell
85. still makes sense to you having but you if you ' re gone round that loop my my thing i i totally accept what you ' re saying but my thing is we ' re going in with no knowledge so anybody could pull wool over our eyes and we would not know because we ' ve no knowledge right when you get nearer the time i ' ll print out what i can find on which about investments and
86. i i totally accept what you ' re saying but my thing is we ' re going in with no knowledge so anybody could pull wool over our eyes and we would not know because we ' ve no knowledge right when you get nearer the time i ' ll print out what i can find on which about investments and so on mm which is sort of what the types of investment are things like that the other thing
87. ' ve just about got the flight details off him as he was as was taking him to the airport yeah in the car he ' s definitely a erm but i said i ' ve got no knowledge where you ' re going or anything i know you ' re twenty - four but if anything happens how are we gonna find you? how are we meant to know? yeah exactly it could be like two
90. s very good innit? to tap into that knowledge a bit oh well though you said yeah i was gonna say you were like you said he doesn ' t come or didn ' t share that knowledge particularly oh did he not? no so it ' s kind of he ' d do the job and then say here you go i ' ve done so it ' s not like okay come and help me
96. s that who had a heart attack? no died of cancer didn ' t she? that ' s all been on the news that woman from coronation street yeah but i i ' ve got absolutely no knowledge of her whatsoever no and she was supposed to be some national treasure yeah mm forty years on corrie who the hell is she? that ' s right i don ' t even recognise her picture well i
97. because of her her health? yeah erm yeah okay i didn ' t know if you were saying you ' d become infertile or something we we just no no no no not to my knowledge erm erm we talked about you know years ago we talked about having a child but we just ruled it out with too old too much of an impact on on the er on the existing families surely
99. ##pos i don ' t it ' s too violent it ' s just there ' s no i just can ' t there ' s no tactics i can ' t do it there ' s no knowledge it ' s just there are things don ' t like the mouths chance don ' t open when i press the thing i don ' t like it are you sure you ' re pressing the right thing?
102. but there ' s a sort of ancient wisdom about him yeah you know? something you think you ' ve been you ' ve been here before and it ' s just it ' s this sort of knowledge somehow that he ' s that he looks at you you know he ' s got something up there there ' s knowledge yeah erm mommy yeah yeah he is quite sort of mm he ' s like he
106. i cannot believe i based that on you to get it right well i i i i thought the one in london was pretty complete but whatever right christ almighty don ' t act like it ' s common knowledge the fossils why why why don ' t we declare this one a draw between me and then can play? the fossils i know about are archaeopteryx and tiktaalik i ' m
109. s the only one i know i don ' t know when the others start and end well what possible use are you then? hmm mm my useless knowledge does not extend that far sorry? my useless knowledge doesn ' t extend that far no it ' s possible well i ' d say that was actually useful knowledge mm doesn ' t really mea much make much difference what day they say spring starts on though
117. a a a series of questions to test your general knowledge she ' s like no after all that he ' s so honest man series of questions it ' s when er that was ttest your general knowledge that was that was by far the best moment of the day by quite a long stretch yeah to be honest at my birthday that was perfect we should have he was well lolz yeah man bring him round
138. i might just find out what a cunt he is it ' s a i dunno yeah maybe er best not to but i don ' t wanna i prefer you know not to have that definite knowledge ha ha oh dear erm it ' s interesting cos i have been taking ibuprofen as an anti inflammatory but but maybe yeah so she said it ' s better for bone pain parace
141. s just vile and awful no she was a singer first she wasn ' t she was on lizzie mcguire first she was really young in lizzie mcguire hey how ' s she vile? hmm? to my knowledge she hasn ' t got any massive well not that i would know about this but it ' s never she ' s vile been sort of publicized as having some massive drug habits or she ' s vile i
150. inside a lady and doesn ' t know it doesn ' t know doesn ' t know but well that ' s not quite true because if you look the the erm weeks and months it has no knowledge of itself it has no language it has no experience in the world but it hears it hears its parents ' voices it can feel it can hear but it ' s not gonna know it ' s dying is
153. yeah he was er very much involved from about nineteen eighty i think when park yes originally started up yes erm so yeah it ' s er it ' s nice to sort of like er have the knowledge that there ' s something ' s named in his er honour out here really you know wonderful it ' s quite a privilege really yeah wonderful given the local politics you know that ebb and flow around the
156. really strange you are literally in your own bubble you are and the adults are very much the adults an empty vessel mm you are complete and full you are but you ' re not experienced you have no knowledge you have all the motor functions and all the instincts and all the abilities that an adult will have and you ' ll grow into an adult with a lot more things you learn that but but you yourself are
165. kaiser did not make an offer but obviously that would have been because er germany and russia were at war at the time mm was there anything that you think could have been added to the film from your knowledge? that would have made it a bit more i think one they did talk about erm the strikes erm i don ' t i don ' t think they really looked at specific examples of strikes they
171. but no the other thing is that nobody knows about you know the they the sort of cheap plans for policy that we were involved with the general population knows nothing about yeah erm and and has no knowledge of and there was erm you know the mistake they made where they said they were going to reduce child poverty but that they were going to measure it comparatively which never win yeah and so therefore there was
182. wouldn ' t have done now that i have a full understanding of so you weren ' t born like that were you? what? you weren ' t born like that well because i was born without knowledge imagination probably no but if you told me if when i was younger you ' d said right they ' re going to put you to sleep and cut you open i don ' t think i would ' ve
208. match the city doesn ' t say anything about doing it once per action only ononce per turn oh it says you may give any one of your city cards when you share knowledge so if i share knowledge more than once if i just yeah have four share knowledge actions i think i think it ' s just an action isn ' t it? you can do it yeah yeah yeah okay it doesn ' t say
209. once per action only ononce per turn oh it says you may give any one of your city cards when you share knowledge so if i share knowledge more than once if i just yeah have four share knowledge actions i think i think it ' s just an action isn ' t it? you can do it yeah yeah yeah okay it doesn ' t say that you can ' t it doesn ' t say you
210. says gemmologist two and you only show microscope you could just put one but why would you do that though? cos you wouldn ' t wanna lose the points okay but we could use the knowledge that he thinks there ' s another gemmologist one out there in the future next time so yeah do you wanna say that and that? yeah okay okay okay erm waiter two table and server yes
213. think that ' s learning and learning goes on personally and i ' m prepared to do it but i have this terrible oh i can ' t even explain then my morbidity sets in and my knowledge of that life doesn ' t go on forever and that it ' s limited and there ' s only so much you can do and i should have started when i was five and this is my one life
215. fairly close by yeah erm and er in my experience typically what happens is people walk out of university and they don ' t go back that ' s it yeah they don ' t pass on any knowledge there ' s no there ' s a total disconnect okay? that they just get on with i ' m gonna go and live my life most people yeah yeah most people so yeah so but however
218. did he? that was only only really next step wasn ' t it? mm he could have just been sacked so he was fully aware of what was going on? no he said i have no knowledge of this and it it ' s i ' m totally erm dismayed by the whole event oh dear but it ' s my responsibility and we need a fresh start is he mr american volkswagen or mr
219. the executive committee have been found to be involved with corruption oh yeah yeah yeah fixing and their news and prices and things but mr mr blatta is the swiss head of fifa and he refused any knowledge of it any responsibility for it really? he it ' s been going on for ten years he to stand for president when the next elections came he was elected again are you serious because of all the bribes

Cluster 3
0. s good that ' s what it ' s about isn ' t it yeah i suppose yeah yeah yeah yeah cos that ' s your skill that ' s your performance if you have that body of knowledge yeah and you ' re ready mm once you can un unless you unless something ' s radically changed in that area you don ' t need to update it which it ' s probably not yeah in the world
1. of four bits yeah although kwoo qpr has blue and white hoops doesn ' t it? yeah and celtic as well oh yeah um that ' s probably about the limits of my footballing knowledge there is too much there ' s too much just red white red white sort of nothing wrong with red and white i think that ' s about the like the limit of my football knowledge though i just i
2. my footballing knowledge there is too much there ' s too much just red white red white sort of nothing wrong with red and white i think that ' s about the like the limit of my football knowledge though i just i like watching it but i think it that ' s because i like watching anything like i could happily get consumed by the darts or the snooker yeah well sport is good to watch uh especially
3. out what ' s wrong i don ' t mind because i come from an it background oh right? i don ' t mind doing things like that oh it gives me an opportunity to use my it knowledge i obviously haven ' t got any it knowledge so so i ' m able to help them and they they are quite appreciative so that ' s good so i like that part mm but what
4. mind because i come from an it background oh right? i don ' t mind doing things like that oh it gives me an opportunity to use my it knowledge i obviously haven ' t got any it knowledge so so i ' m able to help them and they they are quite appreciative so that ' s good so i like that part mm but what what was the? so what did you do
7. was thinking and and the chap ' s saying this this is really not right and i said no i agree with you i said erm you ' ve got the person coming in will have no knowledge of civil engineering i it i believe their degree is in business studies mm which is definitely relevant and i said you ' re gonna be managing people and it ' s gonna like put a few people ' s
11. i mean ththththere ' s there ' s a great amount of emphasis within the police culture put on practical right sure experiential sure common sense kinds of approaches to to issues knowledge of the and so on and so forth yes yeah that kind of thing that ' s right yeah whereas the private in the arm army is not doing anything comparable he she is is following orders in yeah a
25. cooker so i didn ' t really use it at all it was just like mm no that ' s right it was a gas aga though but it was still you know you needed and ancient knowledge of the phys of the er i dunno physical nature yeah the wisdom of agas the wisdom of agas yeah to get it working i just used the microwave a lot er you want an option
27. there ' s absolutely no attempt to sort of style or or colour or but then that ' s quite important to me so mm yeah i don ' t know cos i don ' t have the knowledge or the time or or the interest to do it but yeah maybe they but you like it though don ' t you? oh i love it and i wouldn ' t say that i was totally ignorant of
31. them all you could if and you can you could if you had the music you need you need i ' m sure you could you see well could was fantastic at it but he had he had intimate knowledge of where all his music was and as soon as a hy a carol was shouted or whatever straight to it straight to you need somebody like that you know you need mm someone who ' s well on
34. t know who he is who is he? he said well surely we need to ha i if er if we ' re changing the examination to a one on one we ' re gonna have to have knowledge of the topics mm it ' s like how long have you worked here and done the same book? yeah what? and what he said well if you ' re gonna teach it you ' re gonna know
38. don ' t really kn obviously i don ' t know the ins and outs of it they won ' t be able to have any window space in that way surely? i ' m taking all my knowledge from grand designs all all all well ththey s they start would know sorry they s sor they start off i like has some good projects spaces they start er on channel 4? the the the
39. well yes the thing is you need to read erm don ' t let that unplug again local matters for local people yeah you need to read all the comments so you ' ve got some knowledge on it but they ' re voting on it on wednesday so our chance is this week really or now i mean and erm also but there ' s a chance it could get listed by english heritage which
40. end of the world but if it ' s affecting your health and your joints then mm mm it ' s really important and it ' s not a good thing and also if they ' ve got specialist knowledge which they should have yeah they know about it mm they should then know that if you ' ve had a fifty - four frame and you you then go into a different model that they suggested or whatever that
41. had a fifty - four frame and you you then go into a different model that they suggested or whatever that that they should know that that is not the right one or they should mm have that background knowledge to be able to say y well actually you need to go down a size in that because it ' s a different frame and it ' s set up differently or whatever mm mm and you ' ve got
44. perfect review is to have no expectations of the movie at all yeah i mean or even even to the extent of not watching the trailers yeah i try sometimes to you you have no no in - depth knowledge of the movie yeah you have no no predestined concept ideas concept you i don ' t know maybe even go as far as to put them in the cinema and have them watch the movie don
45. whether they can imitate yeah that ' s interesting so yes yeah mm yeah wow so you ' ve just hit another one of these random little things that i have a small and you just amount of knowledge about i know yeah it ' s no that ' s great that ' s great that you picked up tonight because i mean i i i often say to her is there anything you don ' t know anything
47. whereas we ' ve done it we ' ve been there we ' ve got the experience that we want to pass on and and help whereas our parents my parents didn ' t have the expertise or the knowledge yeah er so it ' s just sort of get on and do it which in some ways is probably better because you haven ' t you didn ' t then have parental pressure no encouraging you trying to we
50. to remember eighty digits or something okay erm one two three four five of of erm of eighty items when most of us have a span of six or seven he did this by using his extensive knowledge of running times great what? what? of running times? whawhat ' s that got to do with anything? even on about? i don ' t know what this essay ' s on about
52. stuff in my heart where i wanna be mm is i wanna be in that area yes okay? because i ' ve explored these different areas and i like them all mm and i ' ve got some knowledge of them right but i ' m not gonna be somebody ' s fucking audio visual bitch and just keep making fucking films for people or whatever there ' s plenty of fucking people out there to do that i
55. ' m gonna hire x person of x quality to produce x yeah? okay okay but but but but sorry to cut you off but i ' m guessing that a project manager has a fair bit of knowledge about all of these things er over time yes that ' s why you get experience and get good ones in so they actually know what the fuck these fuckers are doing yes that ' s right and they
56. studies does is that they make sure basically that your first two terms you ' re not supervised by a monster then and after that you can have anyone and then you have a thick enough skin and enough knowledge to be able to argue back if if you are you know yeah yeah if somebody attacks you and you don ' t agree with them yeah like now i would be very happy to be like yeah okay but
58. and learned another yeah so i think and that ' s what shines through when you ' re under like intense pressure in exam conditions mm because you can ' t just you you you do need the knowledge but you also need to be able to apply it in a way that ' s appropriate for that context mm and that ' s not something everyone can do so and the other thing is is a lot of
61. know what? is it like pasta? it ' s a type of er it ' s a type of so that ' ll go well then? when you go to italy? what ' s your knowledge of pasta cos everybody knows you know you ' re so creative i dunno i ' ll see when i get there knowledge of pasta is only good for pub for publicists when i went to greece
62. go well then? when you go to italy? what ' s your knowledge of pasta cos everybody knows you know you ' re so creative i dunno i ' ll see when i get there knowledge of pasta is only good for pub for publicists when i went to greece though i could like read the signs and like sort of also i can see how the language is working from the guidebook there
63. erm which is something that i ' ve always enjoyed doing yeah erm customer service because a lot of the people that you ended up doing their computers for didn ' t have a lot of it knowledge so their starting point was really low down there so yeah although they might have seen me as some kind of it god guru i really only had a very specific set of yeah information you know that you needed
71. garden which oh i saw them yeah which may or may not be alive i ' ll try and find the snow dalek depends how hardy they are i know nothing about horticulture well my limited knowledge of daffodils and tulips is that they ' ll pretty much survive anything because my family kill plants and we have daffodils and tulips which come up every year regardless
73. a pill and he said this and it ' s like what? you know they ' re just a human mm they can ' t yeah they can ' t know not really they ' ve got good knowledge and stuff but they can ' t know really anyway i know what i mean but yeah er yeah no and also i think i i ' m beginning to realise as well that it ' s it ' s
74. gamble it or? because it is a gamble basically we ' ve got to really look and well i don ' t want to gamble it all but it ' s a gamble based on a bit of knowledge yeah but if you put all that money into something then that won ' t be included in the five thousand pounds that you need to have the yeah it will it will? yeah you have to have five
76. cos it ' s the sort of thing they might get a job doing they might get a job doing but i mean we t we talked u the same i th he ' s got all the knowledge of the actual stuff and i don ' t think anyone else could actually bring that to it mm so yeah so he hasn ' t said yes because of that but talking to u my mum and godmot
78. fmri is erm but it ' s a way it ' s a way of i guess imaging the brain or viewing the brain yeah but they said one of the requirements is that you needed good knowledge of the anatomy of the brain and i don ' t well you have haven ' t you? no n i ' d love to learn it and i could look in my biopsychology books and
79. t do anything like it was the kind of thing there were a few students who did who were kind of quite motivated and and engaged with the classes and i suppose came from families who who had some knowledge of education my parents didn ' t have any sort of real knowledge of education so you know when they came up done your homework? yeah okay mm go out and play yeah yipee you know so so
80. few students who did who were kind of quite motivated and and engaged with the classes and i suppose came from families who who had some knowledge of education my parents didn ' t have any sort of real knowledge of education so you know when they came up done your homework? yeah okay mm go out and play yeah yipee you know so so we didn ' t we didn ' t do anything and and you
83. look at this space it knows nothing yeah well don ' t go to our well financial advisor we had i she was the most gobby bitch i ' ve ever heard i ' ve now exhausted my knowledge terrible of financial advice telling us all about they ' ll erm the couple down the road that got divorced and oh no divorced they told them really? oh did you know they got separated? it '
84. ' ve recommended yeah a with - profits life policy over twenty - five years you then type that into confused dot com or moneysupermarket dot com you get the full list and with the limited knowledge you ' ve got you will see if that ' s in the bottom third you go actually hang on what are you doing here? and it might be yeah but yeah but still still the most appropriate for
92. did explain to me last time and then the creole is when the pidgin becomes a real language use it but the problem is to study pidgins and creoles you need to have a knowledge of a super straight language which would be english portuguese dutch french any of those colonialist languages then you need to have a knowledge of a sub strength language which would be the niger congo african languages then you
93. is to study pidgins and creoles you need to have a knowledge of a super straight language which would be english portuguese dutch french any of those colonialist languages then you need to have a knowledge of a sub strength language which would be the niger congo african languages then you need to have an understanding of s so it ' s a bit like having bedford and then like luton and you know i don
95. though can ' t he? seemed to know everything about everything i don ' t know i used to be like that but as i get older i realise i ' m not quite so accurate with my knowledge as i should be yeah i know a little about everything and mostly it ' s wrong mm yeah that ' s yeah well because he er he ' s he has to deal with different things i mean he
98. as a noun yeah swimming is fun yeah it ' s not the actual act of swimming it ' s a non - finite verb noun yeah yeah a gerund see that ' s where your your knowledge of the english language is good it has to be i teach it i ' ll pick you up about quarter past four make sure your brother ' s ready erm leave it to this afternoon if you haven
101. s doing virtually full time now did ninety hours overtime last month is he not particularly studious? hm? no no he ' s very clever very very practical and he ' s got a lot of knowledge about a lot he loves science he ' s brilliant on science but he ' s not very erm you know studious he will happily in the classroom all day mm so but no he ' s good
104. mm so much that they could be doing mm that it ' s just worthwhile as a courtesy to kind of explain a little bit more and the cover letter is your chance again to really demonstrate your knowledge and mm and your suitability mm for the mm role you ' re mm applying for mm yeah what do you feel? yeah no i would i always say to students if it says apply um with a
105. pink bet on it bet on it before you read the question kids ' bookoos kids ' bookoo i didn ' t read the question i can ' t read that quickly i believe in your knowledge of children ' s books three on wrong thank you right the two thousand and four film finding neverland chronicles the inspiration bbehind what jm barry character peter pan? is the right answer yeah wee
107. night so yeah the highest number wins yeah? fuck the the the wedge is higher let ' s say or just six no no no that ' s fine there you go cool yeah i win with superior knowledge hang on i haven ' t done my roll well no you don ' t have no you have two wedges you definitely don ' t win yeah yyou if if it it anyway oh i see yeah
111. you need in order to do it ' s like you know what they say when you just train so hard for something you know it instinctively so you don ' t need to have a massive backup of knowledge because you know it you ' ve done it so many times you know what to do mm and yet i don ' t like that ' s what he hasn ' t got so or you need that like
112. so i wonder why they chose nuremberg to do it? dunno i think it ' s just quite a big is nuremberg s erm sorry you ' ll have to excuse my appalling geography knowledge cos i fully admit my is nuremberg? mum i ' ve got i ' ve no idea exactly where nuremberg is so i was going to say it ' s i know it ' s a bit more
114. ' t remember now pointless? or yeah pointless and she yeah was as thick really? as anything yeah but she can ' t be thick if she ' s a doctor she must have just lacked general knowledge yeah yeah but she come across as thick yeah yeah cos you can be the most intelligent person in the world and have no common sense but ' s applied to go on the chase have you? i
116. you if someone else had a birthday like is there a quiz? and she ' s like what is quiz? and he ' s like you know a a a series of questions to test your general knowledge she ' s like no after all that he ' s so honest man series of questions it ' s when er that was ttest your general knowledge that was that was by far the best moment of the
118. don ' t need a teacher for it i could probably oh look there ' s where i work oh mm well not in there but i could probably just read the books erm and get a good knowledge yeah and i mean you know like that that ' s kind of like the same with creative writing but like i wou i could do that at home but erm be alright to do like a for
119. quite classics cos they do have a separate classics course oh i thought it would be er more modern world literature no yeah it ' s like that old stuff oh right it kind of broadens your knowledge of like yeah i suppose like classical things it ' s not quite classics though because in classics well going back to older like yeah literature yeah in different countries because in classics you acactually like learn the
120. like english well i suppose it demonstrates your level of intelligence if yeah you have a degree in most things doesn ' t it? well philosophy is kind of quite useful to have like a bit of a knowledge for it cos sometimes i ' ve read books and like i don ' t understand them because they ' re like philosophical novels mm and they ' ve got like theories and things in them and i '
121. s why i don ' t want you putting anything down about my computer proficiency yeah it ' s probably cos they ' d just laugh probably a little bit of a lie i just have a basic knowledge of computer stuff programs zero seven zero well so i can go home a little less late and do you want me to leave you zero one erm this i feel like i haven ' t been very helpful
125. business and i ' d got the way around i wanted to apply for a head teacher ' s job i would stand more of a chance yeah a business person yeah i can see that like having no knowledge of education at all er mm and that ' s the way it ' s going it ' s the way it ' s going and the only way that f for the teacher staff to get they ' re
128. s not a spanish teacher but she speaks quite good spanish cos her parents were and but not only did she have to teach it all the other class teachers have to teach it they have no spanish knowledge whatsoever i was one step ahead cos i ' d got other languages my only problem was i ended up telling them stuff which i subsequently realised was italian so there you go they want to that is a
129. exhibit on there at the minute i don ' t really know cos i ' m really not an art person at all i like it i enjoy it like i appreciate it but i just have no knowledge of at all yeah no well i ' m the same particularly like modern art i think it ' s all a bit em a bit silly yeah em i ' d rather go and watch a play watch a
130. ' s really what i ' m gonna not push but i ' m certainly gonna suggest to to to read as much as she can yeah cos that er that ' s what widens your fucking knowledge right? yeah i mean we say you ' re going to uni what are you reading? you know? yeah er er it ' s all about it ' s not about going to the lectures mm
131. world war was they don ' t know the goo who the goodies and baddies were mm how can you possibly be an educator in any capacity if you you haven ' t got the basic general knowledge? you might know a load about gender representation in cambodian cinema but well that ' s that ' s what it is though now right? you can ' t no yeah it it ' s you know something
132. yeah it it ' s you know something about something yeah doesn ' t matter if you don ' t know anything else yeah it ' s almost like really er is it better to have everyone general basic knowledge you know right maybe one more beer or maybe two i dunno alright? yeah yeah yeah she just wanted to know what erm what i ' m doing for food cos we ' ve got a
133. with grow up with a lot more pressure mm cos there ' s i dunno a billion of them and all going for the same job yeah you know and just the the lack of kind of knowledge of history as well yeah no i mean i ' m talking about stepping outside of her specialism oh right oh okay erm you know she ' s you know she ' s very concentrated yeah on what
137. harder isn ' t it? i d the thing i worry about the most is erm yeah this is what was saying that erm as his kids are getting older and they ' re expanding their knowledge of how to use the internet yeah he ' s actually working on a program at the mo a building designing whatever erm erm a one stop shop for parents yeah so they can have their mobile or
139. to do away with the option to do modules he wants to whereas mo no i would ' ve thought modules were could be a good thing cos then you ' d have a wider range of um knowledge that probably it ' s likely to help you get a job and probably likely to help you in university of course i mean but it ' s presumptuous to think that a levels are on i
140. ##m which we which she had got the day i was there and she was obviously absolutely delighted with it so tell me is it something special would we know? we wouldn ' t well given our accumulated knowledge of watches yes that we ' ve now established is sstill quite low in the grand scheme of things although i was trying to remember it earlier cos was saying how this boy on camp had a watch
144. a paediatrician see i think a surgeon can go down a paediatrician to an oncologist or something even just a different area yeah takes quite a lot of specialised knowledge that i don ' t know if i don ' t know if the you could change i ' m sure as a doctor you can change but i don ' t think it ' s that easy i don
148. i ' m not really into like i ' m not hugely into b movies yeah yeah like my b movies kind of extend to like roger corman and that ' s kind of the limit of my knowledge roger corman was like this really famous b movie kind of director in the ffifties sixties erm and he started the trend of making b movies off the back of successful films so like it '
149. for children ' s work cos it ' s just so different um i think in terms of like i guess cos with all this like the stuff you ' ve just been doing there the your knowledge of scripture and this kind of and that kind of stuff twenty the leading twenty twenty does equip you with and of course you know being able to study a passage look at it and then try and
151. they do anything else yeah oh take this er antidepressant mm yeah take that try this anti - inflammatory and then come back to me in four weeks if it ' s and they have no knowledge of nutrition whatsoever you know if she ' d have turned around to me and said oh have you looked into glucosamine sulphate? or ha are you taking cod liver oil tablets? have you
154. they ' re any particularly special ones yup you could either or even have like double page sure sure spread of it if it ' s in landscape this is something that i really enjoyed because of your knowledge and expertise particularly the one that you did i think that was absolutely super aw so in that respect you know mm hm how are we gonna compile this? but if you choose the the photos that are
158. but yeah because i was a newly qualified tefl teacher i was obsessed with sticking to the plan yeah and the techniques that i ' d been taught but they didn ' t teach me to use my knowledge and to say what do people really say in english you know? mm mm and how can get that across? mm what can you do in the lesson? instead there ' s yeah there ' s a
159. cos we had a really animated teacher in year seven and i still don ' t remember the order of the wives or anything but i know more about it than anything else which considering how little my knowledge is in other areas clearly isn ' t that much but well i think there ' s a lot of stuff that is just not relevant like the peasants ' revolt in like thirteen twenty mm mm who the hell
161. a minute could you change the cd? yeah erm yeah we just stay on this road now erm yeah what would you like? yeah right mm new places yeah it ' s cool expanding my knowledge of the world mm in general like yeah jetting off to sort of gap year type places erm and this makes you a bit blase? yeah you don ' t know but you don ' t
163. they? yeah although q qpr has blue and white hoops doesn ' t it? yeah and celtic oh yeah em that ' s probably about the there is too much limits of my footballing knowledge too much just red white red white so nothing wrong with red and white i think that ' s about the the limit of my football knowledge though i just i like watching it but i think that ' s
164. probably about the there is too much limits of my footballing knowledge too much just red white red white so nothing wrong with red and white i think that ' s about the the limit of my football knowledge though i just i like watching it but i think that ' s because i like watching anything like i could happily get consumed by the darts or the snooker yeah well sport is good to watch eh especially in
168. boat exhibition not the ideal home exhibition but it was a boat exhibition at earl ' s court so i had to go round earl ' s court with him looking at boats cos i ' ve no knowledge or interest in them really yeah but i did think i might so so when i went to north wales to do my teacher ' s certificate met dad there i actually initially um joined the sailing i was president
169. like five minutes of someone going this is a running machine this is a tre this is a cross trainer these are heavy these are weights yeah ha thank you ha mm yes well i ' d say my knowledge of the functionality of these machines is severely impaired ie almost non - existent the which machines? any of these machines these gymming machines what the person giving the induction? no no my as in i don
172. er ah forgotten the name mousar mousar mousar i don ' t think you ' d like korean red wine oh yeah i think we spoke about that i remember we did my knowledge of korean wine is er i just remembered we went out for a meal didn ' t we? i think yeah we went to i think we went to an italian restaurant or something yeah er what ' s
175. think you need to worry what ' s that? oh just okay then that can i don ' t know maybe she ' s making it up well your grandma seems to have an a a lot of knowledge about all these kind of diseases and things she ' s made you all go round frightened right so looking at this one mm park bungalow in manor oh a manor yeah it sounds impressive doesn ' t it?
176. ve watched er now you can be a part of me and miss ' s jokes yeah i can und oh no the thing is that like you guys have like an an encyclopaedic knowledge of pulp fiction no she she challenged me she started talking about the er the scene about bacon at the end and pigs being a filthy animal yeah i didn ' t know it and but after that i went
180. be analysing the kind of words of you ' re using i i know how to use the language but its its construct i you have a tacit understanding of of language yeah your on your knowledge of er the construct is far superior to mine and i have to smile because erm when i left school although i could speak reasonably well i could not communicate on paper one of my whereas that was probably
183. together come on let ' s try and see if we can sort out what it is that we need to do so they left it to people like myself but i wouldn ' t have all the discipline knowledge no no you know even the content but yeah i wouldn ' t know how this discourse was put together or mm i wouldn ' t have a clue so i ' d have to learn their unit really quickly
185. with the discipline mm a lot better oh i bet the classroom management yeah yeah because they if they had survived in a secondary modern school they may have survived on maybe a minimal amount of intellectual background and knowledge mm mm but they had survived on enthusiasm and charisma mm mm and passion for their subject yeah and passion for their subject and the kids yes yes absolutely whereas yeah the grammar school teacher was the academic
190. ' t e like w probably wouldn ' t even see it unless you ' ve got a really powerful torch it ' s good on to be doing stuff like that yeah but get a bit of extra knowledge on that kinda thing i hope we come to a garage soon sos do you think there ' s a thing there dot dot dot that you can? oh can you imagine if that ' s what the
196. before she got married mm and then there is his visit here mm and that was a thing which was i wanted to really to see what er i could find out mm but without having a really working knowledge of of spanish and ancient spanish castilian erm i find it very very difficult indeed wow yeah er so i have to rely on other people ' s erm yeah er ffirst primary work
198. to dylan thomas ' s house and i took a photograph from above his house in laugharne onto the estuary erm and i ' d just to show it to somebody who ' s got some knowledge of photography erm and i ' m really pleased with it and i i ' ve got mm two large erm one ' s a canvas and the other is just an ordinary erm photph
199. to maximum level yeah to the max to the max as the youths would say i ' m doing youths at the moment transcribing youths they seem quite advanced in their i had to do a knowledge of things these youths the i had to a erm set up a search at work for it was one of those agencies that deals with erm pr for bands there was a whole list of them and
200. looking and how long are they? pornographic films oh i can ' t say i ' ve watched many of them in my time but what about you what did you say? well you got the expert knowledge on that so i was gonna say? i ' ll pass this over to you think of a title let ' s move on let ' s swiftly move on what ' s your favourite film that you could
211. list of general words that may follow a continuing idea marker ' s mm okay mm? mm strategies uhu look for these markers yeah ask yourself what a continuing idea of a marker refers to use your knowledge of vocabulary general word synonyms and word families mm mm okay oh okay that ' s easy enough and then find the noun that best continues the idea ah i remember those though a lot of them are so
212. to do er yeah cryptic crosswords my sister is very good at them but what what ' s the special talent that you must have erm have to do cryptic crosswords? actually a very good knowledge of words well obviously yeah yeah is that actually yeah erm and i mean really i think a warped brain bit of yeah yeah but you ' re gonna be making connections where yes where there ' s really
214. environmentalists and but yeah they haven ' t ev they ' ve never studied journalism in their life they just it there ' s there ' s something so they ' ve got natural passion and flair and knowledge to be able to write like you say like a decent article that ' s obviously yeah will be get or like or like something you ' d do you ' d be like proofread it from someone
217. ##o whether to pick up the sniper rifle yet or leave it a little bit cos we ' ve gotta always sniper rifle we ' ve gotta hold out for a bit here providing us with his halo knowledge of a game he ' s always never played always sniper rifle i want to go like death run for some ammo but i ' ll lose my hologram i mean actually it ' s usefusef
221. reading something about that what did it do you think it will be you ' ll come back and refer to things hmm things like that or i think so i think also it ' s about expanding my knowledge like you say and having more references to call upon when you want to try and justify mm a belief that you have in in a business context it ' s always a stronger argument if you can back it

